i think i'm in the middle of a nervous breakdown. i've never had one before. thoughts, and suggestions greatly appreciated. this is going to be super long, but i would really appreciate someone out there taking the time to read it... i've been working a relatively stressful job for the last four years. the stress was manageable until about a year ago when i was given the responsibility of managing a global team of systems administrators in the us, hungary and india that all work to give 24 7 coverage to my company. i can't go into specifics of our work, but i can say that we are an extremely important team. there are a lot of reasons behind why i have become increasingly stressed out, the main one being that i have personally been the only point of failure for the whole thing for almost the entire year. i can't take a day off, or sometimes even an hour off without someone from like 14 time zones away trying to escalate something to me, or my boss of they can't reach me directly. before this past week, i had taken one scheduled day off, and i still got a call from my boss asking to get people online for an outage. let me say, my boss is amazing. she is the best example of leadership i've ever had in any job, and i've worked it for like 25 years. she just has a very demanding job role also, and i am in a spot where i'm kind of working 4 5 different full time job roles, and one of those job roles requires that i get people online for outages which are not at all related to the global team i'm responsible for. the past few months, people have increasingly seen that i'm getting more and more stressed to the point where i had a chat with hr because i had started working like 75 hour weeks sometimes until 2am. i basically said that because of how i've been forced to set this whole team up within the guidelines i'm given by upper management not my direct boss , nobody else has time to work this project, so if i don't do the work myself, it can't get done. i mean, everyone saw it coming including me. then last week happened. i was supposed to have friday off as a normal day because leadership rotates sundays for the other full time job role apart from the project, so every time i work a sunday, i get the following friday off. we had a major issue happen on thursday which we knew would carry into this coming weekend, so i was going to cancel both my friday off and the planned time i had on the calendar for like three months from wednesday sunday this week because i knew everything would get messed up if i didn't. well, i decided, this was a chance for me to test if other parts of leadership can actually do their jobs. instead of canceling my time off like i have literally every other time something like this has happened the last year, i decided to take it. however, i gave my peers the plan of what needed to happen from friday sunday, laid out for them completely, and all but spoonfed them. i went into it trying to just expect people to do their jobs. all they had to do was say ok, we have the plan, here's this person who can do this thing that needs to get done, i'll have them do it... i also knew it wasn't going to happen like that. i knew... i knew that come sunday evening, nothing would get done. so, i went friday without checking my work phone. i went saturday without checking my work phone. then sunday rolled around, and i finally checked... sure enough, even though my peers had the plan, it wasn't executed. i had to log in on sunday to quickly get the right weekend people on it, and because things weren't executed on time during friday saturday like i said they needed to be, it caused two huge outages like twelve time zones away. i went into work on monday morning completely distraught. i met with my directs under me basically telling them that what happened is not their fault, and an effect of ineffective leadership which i'm largely responsible for. i sat there for a good 45 minutes apologizing to them, telling them what i plan to do going forward, and also commiserating because i was really as stressed as they were about it. during that talk, something broke in me, i think. like, i had known that i was the sole failure point globally, but i was fine with that as long as i had people who could simply just organize whatever plan i gave them. i gave them that plan on thursday, trying to clear things off my plate as i have been advised to do by my boss and hr, just expecting them to do basically the bare minimum, and they weren't capable of executing. i finally actually felt the full weight of being the sole failure point of global operations, and it crushed down on me so hard that i could barely breathe. i went to my boss after that meeting, and told her i had to leave for the day, but i would be back the next day. i took monday off, almost too full of anxiety to even drive home, but made it then just watched movies i'd seen a hundred times already all day because i couldn't process any new information. i felt alright though, like at the end of it i had a sense of purpose, and renewed motivation. i woke up tuesday completely ready to rock it at work, but as soon as i pulled out of the parking lot, i started to get a feeling i've only ever felt once before. i hopped on the highway, and the closer i got to work, the more i felt it. then, it happened. i had a panic attack. i had to pull off the highway to turn around to go home. the second i had my car going back the other way, i felt like i could breathe even though i was still having heart palpitations, tunnel vision, numb tongue, etc. i got home, called my boss, and was straight up with her stating i had a panic attack on my way in, and i would not be making it. then came yesterday. i had to make a five hour drive back to my hometown for the plans i had made for the aforementioned scheduled time off. i was happy, looking forward to it, couldn't wait to get back, but as soon as i got on the highway, the dread set in. the obsessive thoughts set in. i spent the next five hours in panic attack mode to the point where i don't know how i actually drove the car. all i wanted to do was get home, so i kept going, but i stopped like six times to re center myself on a trip that i don't generally even stop on once. i got here, took a breath, sat down for a bit, and things were okay. but ever since, it's been a mixed bag of being okay for a while, then like 30 60 minutes of panic attack... then being okay again, then another panic attack. thankfully, i spent today playing golf with my family which is what i had been looking so forward to, but it took like an hour for me to come into reality when we first started out. then i got back, took a nap, and woke up in a panic attack about an hour later. like, this is not at all my natural state. i am normally a very chill person who handles stress immensely well. i have had one panic attack before during a very difficult time, but i've never had multiples of them, and i've most certainly never had a nervous breakdown... but i think that's where i am. i've tried talking to my family, but none of them really understand because none of them has ever really had this kind of breakdown. general depression, anxiety, and that stuff, so they can relate haha, family can relate... on that level, but it's like i can barely be a functioning human. that's what they can't relate with. that's why i decided to post here hoping that someone else can relate, and just let me know this is going to end at some point. i'm not suicidal, or anything, i'll suffer through whatever i have to suffer though, i just need to have a light at the end of the tunnel. have you ever seen se7en? you know that part where they find the guy kevin spacey had been keeping alive for a year, and the doctor said if i were to shine a light in his eyes right now, he'd die of the stress... ? that's where i feel like i am. like any source of any stress from anywhere that raises my adrenaline whatsoever just throws me into a panic attack. i am trying to deal, but it's difficult feeling like there's no end in sight because i've never experienced this before so i don't know what to expect. if you made it this far, thank you for reading my novel. i really super appreciate it, and owe you cookies. possibly also milk, but milk probably doesn't travel too well in the mail.
the psychology of horror movies why people enjoy being scared, shocked, and disgusted while fear, shock, and disgust are typically seen as negative emotions that we want to avoid, they can also be an enjoyable experience in certain situations. horror movies are one of the best examples of this. when you re watching a horror movie about ghosts, zombies, serial killers, aliens, or monsters, your nervous system naturally kicks into gear as if you re experiencing a real threat from your environment. this fight, flight, or freeze https www.theemotionmachine.com the complete guide to daily stress response creates a biochemical rush of adrenaline, endorphins, and dopamine, which can create a type of natural high. however, while your body experiences the natural high of a real threat, your brain knows deep down that you re actually safe and secure and there s no real danger present. one early study https link.springer.com article 10.1007 bf00995932 published in the journal motivation and emotion looked into why people enjoy eating really spicy foods such as chili peppers and found a similar response. chili enjoyers still feel the same irritation and pain of eating spicy foods as everyone else, but they enjoy the rush of adrenaline and endorphins it produces. it stimulates the body s warning system in a harmless and risk free way that can be exciting and exhilarating. this type of positive thrill seeking https www.theemotionmachine.com positive thrill seeking can be found in many other relatively safe and harmless activities, such as riding rollercoasters, extreme sports, skydiving, an intense workout, or playing competitive video games. new psychology research shows that the experience of negative emotions in a safe and controlled context can be very enjoyable and beneficial. one study https pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov 30307264 published in the scientific journal emotion found that voluntarily arousing negative emotions vane such as purposely making ourselves scared can lead to an overall boost in mood, like when we watch a horror movie or visit a haunted house. the study looked at individuals who bought tickets for an extreme haunted house event, which was designed to elicit a variety of negative emotions such as anxiety, fear, shock, and disgust. after the haunted house experience, most individuals reported an overall boost in euphoria and positive mood, especially if they felt tired, bored, or stressed beforehand. while the sample is biased people who buy tickets to haunted houses are more likely to enjoy them , the study does reveal that some people genuinely enjoy scaring themselves. furthermore, the study found that individuals who enjoyed the haunted house experience also showed less stress while completing subsequent cognitive and emotional tests including showing less reactivity in the brain during those tests, as measured by eeg recordings . researchers theorize that voluntarily arousing negative emotions vane can teach us how to better deal with future stress and anxiety. this is a common technique behind a lot of exposure therapy , where a person is gradually put into a fearful situation so they become more desensitized to some irrational fear or phobia. for example, a person scared of flying may be asked by a therapist to visualize themselves getting on a plane until they learn to manage their fear better. by actively exposing ourselves to fear, shock, or disgust in a safe and controlled way, we get to practice regulating these emotions in the moment, which is an important pillar of emotional intelligence https www.theemotionmachine.com 4 fundamental pillars of emotional intelligence . horror movies simulate extraordinary experiences that we normally wouldn t have in the real world. when we watch a horror movie, we put ourselves in the protagonist s position and ask ourselves, what would i do in this situation? new research shows fans of horror movies may even be more prepared to face real world catastrophes. one fascinating study https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov pmc articles pmc7492010 published in personality and individual differences discovered that fans of horror movies and pandemic movies were more resilient during the covid pandemic. it was also found that fans of prepper genres in particular alien invasion, apocalyptic, and zombie films exhibited both greater resilience and preparedness. this is one reason why pandemic movies such as contagion and 28 days later showed a huge spike in popularity during covid. ultimately, horror movies give us a chance to face our fears and practice mentally rehearsing https www.theemotionmachine.com mental rehearsal changing habits through the power of visualization how we would respond in extremely intense situations. as the famous horror writer stephen king once said, a good horror story help us understand our own deepest fears.
my mind amp body choses flight instead of fight. i 26f , am going through it tonight. honestly? i couldn't tell if my post belonged in the anxiety or rant subreddit, but i asked myself aloud, how do i feel? , and my answer was stressed. so, here i am. crying and bawling my eyes out. 'why?' you might ask. well, i'll tell you a little bit about me...i am an overweight female who has gone through shit in my 26 years of living. my childhood was basically robbed of me, mainly because i witnessed fights and screaming matches between family members and a near divorce with the parentals. i was also bullied majority of my early childhood all the way through middle school. after all of this happened and there was a lot more than that , i felt like i was forced to grow up and basically chose 'flight mode' to save myself. what i mean by that is, closing myself off. staying in my room and coming out when i absolutely have to. i have a fear of being rejected, and being a failure. i am afraid of being yelled at for doing something wrong and i have a fear of getting into trouble and being reprimanded. i still live with my parents and i have no job because of just basically, being socially anxious. i stutter around people i don't know and that makes me even more anxious and self conscious. i forget things easily and that in turn, furthers my fear of being incapable of a job. on top of that, i have trouble sleeping at night because thoughts run through my head a million times a second. because of this, i wake up late almost everyday at 11am . just tonight, my mom basically dumped a, 'we need to talk' case on me and already i felt my blood run cold. she's talking to me but all i hear is my heart thumping in my ears. she tells me i need to work on waking up early because the rest of the world wakes up early like adults . i felt very offended by that and told her that it's not my fault that i can't sleep properly at night. i, in fact, tell this to her everyday, so it's not old news. yet, when i did remind her of this, she basically sighed and almost wanted to roll her eyes. then she tells me i need a week to just 'work on myself' to fix that and realistically, thats not how that works but i didn't say anything. then she tells me i need to find a job. something that pays and that 70 of the world gets up and does a 9 to 5 job which i already knew. now, i was starting think she thinks i'm lazy or something when it's absolutely not the case. truth is, i have been getting together with my younger sister who is an artist on doing freelance stuff that we are both interested in doing. we have been talking about it little by little. i told my mom this and she didn't seem to believe me, basically looking at me with an expression of, ohhh really like what . so she asks, okay, what have y'all worked on today? of all things she asks on the day me and my younger sister decide to take at least the day off from planning. i said, well, we are taking a break today but i designed some stuff for xx and sended it to her and she reformatted and polished it up. my mom seemed to deflate in a way that said, 'that was it?' not gonna lie, it made me feel bad and then she went into a repeated 5 minute lecture on how we need to wake up earlier and start the day like adults. meanwhile i'm here depressed, stressed and just over it at this point. over the fact that she just doesn't understand at all. she says, 'i know you can do it. i know that.' but does she really? anytime i do, 'do it', she seemes to be unsatisfied and that pushes me a million steps back. i get upset and after we finish talking, i go to my room to sleep 11pm at this point and i just start bawling at how useless i felt and the whole, 'why is my life like this'. it took so much in me not to burst into tears in front of her but man my throat was tighrening so bad it hurt that i couldn't speak for a good few seconds. i don't know, i guess i just need some advice on the situation? anytime i'm in this position my stress literally goes through the roof and i don't know how to manage it like the need to runaway, disappear or worse . i really do want to work, i want to recieve a paycheck and get my own place and my own car and things, but why am i always on flight mode all the time?
daily habits for a less stressful life everyone wants less stress. and that is why in this post i will talk about daily habits for a less stressful life. i myself apply these habits every day in my life. so everything i talk about comes from my own experience. once you apply the methods in this post regularly they will eventually become habits. at first it may be difficult to apply these methods because it may all feel a little strange. but once you experience the positive effects you will find enough motivation to continue. why you need to create daily habits for a less stressful life most people do a lot in a day. and that can be incredibly wonderful, but it can also cause a lot of stress. and stress is not always bad for you. it can sometimes help you get the best out of yourself. but long term stress can be very bad for your health. for example, it can cause your immune system to deteriorate, making you more likely to get sick. but it can also cause you to become irritable and your mood to deteriorate. ultimately, it can also cause you to have almost no energy or motivation left to do things. in addition to the aforementioned consequences of long term stress, there are many more consequences that you don t want to have either. and to reduce the risk of these consequences it can be helpful to create habits for a less stressful life. focus on your breathing for a less stressful life sometimes people get a lot of stress because they get lost in thoughts. to prevent you from overthinking and getting stressed, it is useful to sometimes focus on your breathing. for example, if you are busy working or studying, remind yourself to focus on your breathing once every 10 minutes. you don t have to breathe differently! just let your breathing flow naturally but focus on it for a moment. feel the air go in and out. meditation is one of the daily habits for a less stressful life meditation can help you unwind completely. you can meditate by sitting down and focusing on your breathing. as guidance you can say to yourself in when you inhale and out when you exhale. then as your breathing gets deeper and slower you can say deep and slow to yourself. make a daily habit of going outside for a less stressful life. the environment you are in can affect how much stress you experience. suppose you are in an environment where you are constantly receiving signals that cause stress. such as phone calls, emails, or other things that remind you of stressful situations. then it can be useful to get away from this situation for a while. and preferably it can be useful to go to a park, forest, lake or sea. because in these environments there is often a lot of space and there are few or no things that cause stress. walk mindfully and when you re walking, pay attention to your footsteps and your breathing. inhale and take, for example, three steps. and then when you exhale, take another three steps. also feel how your feet touch the ground. this mindful way of walking gets you out of your head and into the moment. go exercise and feel the stress disappear being physically active is incredibly important. but it s also incredibly helpful to exercise if you want to release stress. i myself really feel the stress disappear when i exercise. and if i ve trained really hard i m sometimes so tired that i don t even feel like stressing about anything anymore haha. you don t necessarily have to train super hard. the stress can also disappear during an easy workout. or go for a jog while listening to your favorite music and feel the stress disappear. help your friends and family i wish you much success in applying these methods for a less stressful life. hopefully you can apply them so often that they become habits in your daily life. but i do want to ask you one more thing. i suspect that you have friends and family who also sometimes suffer from long term stress. you can help these friends and family by sending them this post. and maybe you can start creating these habits together which will make it a lot easier for both of you. because working together on something ensures that you motivate each other. originally from this blog post https quintenvanommen.com daily habits for a less stressful life
so much happened this week and i can't handle myself. i am 28 years old and my birthday is tomorrow. i am not the one who cares much about my age or celebrates it. however i am having a very bad week and seem too stressed out. to start with, i was on a weekend trip with my girl friends to relax and meet after 2 long years. it was fun. but i am always the 3rd wheel in that friendship. they both are nice to me and they wish well for me. but i am the complete opposite of them. they are funny , crack jokes , extrovert and i am none of it. i just listen to them and enjoys the company sort of. they are good looking and can carry themselves. i am bit on the fatty side and does not look much good in the pictures. i think it always bothers me. anyways , i come back from the trip and thought to stay with my boyfriend for some days. i feel lonely even when he is around. he gets very excited about his work and talks continuously about it. i am very much discouraged and demotivated by it even though i should not. he helped with a lot of stuff at work. i keep wondering why i am not excited as much as he is. i am interested in doing my work but i am not an expert. just an average person at work. but i am a team lead too and the management part of comes easily for me. i normally handles the new joinee mentorship, any documentations, managing the team calls , setting up sessions. somewhat what a culture team would do. i like doing this but i don't want to be known for it. anyways past week, my department head called me up and said he sending some names selected for attending a training and asked to review it. i thought i might be in it but i was not. every lead except me which made me very sad. i do not know why i was not even considered. i am not that bad. yet again. this all happened when i was still at my boyfriend's place. i don't think he knows i was struggling with all this negative vibes happening. still i thought i will hold my head high. i started going through my drive which the girls uploaded the pics of us. i don't normally go through it. i thought i might as well because my sister was asking for pics. so i selected some which i looked better with them. i thought i will send some good ones and some bad ones for the fun of it. the moment i send it, she replied telling me i look terrible in it. that i have put on too much weight and no one would tell this to my face. by that point, i was breaking down. i was crying hard and was feeling so much heavy in my heart. i was with my boyfriend and yet he does not know my heart was breaking with all the pain. i don't if i should blame him or i should have gone to him. may be he does not know i am struggling and i am not willing to tell him my struggles. so i texted my sister back, yup, i know . i don't think she know i was upset. then my second sister texted me saying i should take care of my health. our family has diabetes genes. she was telling me the same thing. i was okay with her msging but i am very upset with the other sister for bitching about my weight. i only send pics to her. this all happened on friday. at work, i did literally nothing. i could not do anything. i keep thinking about hypothetical scenarios and to wishful thinking if i could just leave everything behind. it was so much pain. tomorrow is my birthday and i want to be alone..just alone. i don't know what to do. i don't know if this birthday is the thing that's making me miserable. but honestly i am not worried about getting aged. i am just tired. i know i should not expect people to come to you. but oh man i wish i could have someone who can feel me and i can open up to. i know i have people to talk. people will listen to me. but i can't open up to them. everything is bottled up inside and i am so so stressed and sad and what not. i just wanted to write my miseries. hope this helps me.
if you re wondering whether adverse childhood experiences are negatively impacting you as an adult, you probably already know the answer. in my work as a hypnotherapist most of my clients are mature adults experiencing issues rooted in anger, anxiety, depression or a mixture of these. often, they are wondering if their present issues are linked to their childhood experiences. more often than not, the answer is yes. research carried out since the end of the last century has led to a greater understanding of how adverse childhood experiences impact on long term wellbeing both physical and psychological. the key findings are childhood trauma is very common even in so called well to do areas. there is a direct link between childhood trauma and chronic disease in adulthood. the more types of trauma a child experiences, the greater the risk of them of experiencing social and emotional problems as adults. those who experience childhood trauma often experience more than one type of trauma. you can calculate your own aces score by responding to the following questions. give yourself 1 point for each question where you experienced that category of trauma before your eighteenth birthday. 1. emotional abuse did a parent or other adult often or very often insult, demean, belittle, humiliate, verbally assault, or threaten to physically assault you? 2. physical abuse did a parent or other adult often or very often grab, slap, push, or hit you? 3. sexual abuse did a parent, adult, or someone at least five years older than you ever touch your body in a sexual way or attempt or have oral, anal, or vaginal intercourse with you? 4. emotional neglect did you often or very often feel that no one in your family loved you or thought you were important or your family did not look out for each other, feel close to each other, and support each other? 5. physical neglect did you often not have enough to eat, had to wear dirty clothes, had no one to attend to your medical and dental needs, or had no one to protect you? 6. loss of parent were your parents separated or divorced, or did you lose a parent for any reason? 7. domestic violence did you often or very often witness or hear violence between your parents or other adults where someone was being grabbed, shoved, slapped, hit, kicked, had something thrown a them, sexually attacked, or threatened with a weapon? 8. family member with addiction did you live with anyone who was a problem drinker or alcoholic, who used illicit drugs, or who was addicted to any other substances? 9. family member with depression mental illness did you live with anyone who was depressed or mentally ill, attempted or committed self harm and or suicide, or hospitalized for mental illness? 10. family member incarcerated did you live with anyone who went to prison? aces score 0 10 as ace scores increase, so does the risk of disease, social and emotional problems. with an ace score of four or more, things start getting serious. while studies in different locations return slightly different results, the figures suggest around 11 of the population have experienced four or more adverse childhood experiences. fortunately, brains and lives are somewhat plastic. resilience research shows that the appropriate integration of resilience factors such as asking for help, developing trusting relationships, forming a positive attitude, listening to feelings can help people improve their lives. research in to post traumatic growth has identified five broad areas of growth greater appreciation of life, closer relationships with others, increased personal strength, new possibilities in life, and spiritual development which correlate very closely with the dimensions of wellbeing psychology positive emotions positive engagement positive relationships positive meaning positive accomplishments positive health
am i choosing the right mindeset? i wonder.. is it my stress, time management, or myself as a person in general that is blocking myself from doing the best i can? or is it my anxiety and overthinking getting to me? i am a f14 in my freshman year of high school, currently going through a roller coaster of thoughts and emotions. i'm trying really hard managing between piano, soccer, and my grades with school. i love everything equally, well maybe except school.. , but in the end, my grades are my priority over piano or soccer. i know that piano and soccer may benefit me throughout high school, but grades are more important. but that doesn't mean i'm going to give up on neither one. but here i am with a b 84.5 in my history class, and i need to get it to an a 90.1 by the end of my school final which is in about 2 months. well i'll need an a at least, so i could take ap euro in my sophomore year, and it's only available in my sophomore year as well. ap euro is definitely not a necessity for my next year in high school, but it'll benefit me a lot, and as my school is very tough and competitive, i want to achieve my goal and do it. my teacher is crazy strict, being 87 years old, he has his more older fashioned and more understandable ways of grading. so i stress trying to fit into his perfect standards, but at the end of the day, i keep telling myself. in the future, there will always be people that will be wanting a perfect requirement that fits them. i will need to be able to be adjusting to those specific requirements, for the future, to benefit myself and my ideal career future and more. i've never gotten a b, or a grade range in the b section b , b, or b throughout middle school and my first semester of high school until now. is it the stress that's piling on me after all these hard schoolwork i'm not managing well or enough with my time that i have? my sleep schedule is actually horrid, i usually sleep at 2 4am waking up at 6am, with soccer practice 3 4 times a week usually i skip at least 1 day a week since it's a little too much , and 2 lessons of piano a week. also including the clubs i've decided to join, mock trials, which is now coming to an end with competitions. volunteering, which i guess i could choose which days to help out.. but.. the homework. the load at my school is actually crazy, about 2 3 assignments new each period, which is every day, so in a week total about 30 40 assignments, which is quite a buttload. it's due either the following days, or sometimes, a miracle as it is it'll be due next week. but then again, there's at least 1 2 tests a week, which i need to study a lot for. oh of course, there's also the projects and essays, let's add about 1 for every other week. should i take a break from piano or soccer, and put my grades at my priority instead? i think i can be able to take my grade, 84.5 up to a 90.1 at least, which is 6 of a percentage raise that i'll need to be okay. telling my friends this, all i get in response is the same, it'll be okay. all i wish these days is someone to tell me more than it'll be okay . i'm still new to the environment of high school, and figuring out what fits for me, and what doesn't fit for me. encouragement, something i haven't heard in awhile, is what i hope boosts me. thanks for reading this far. tldr not having the most decent grade in history class 84.5 , wanting to take ap euro next year for my class, i need at least a 90.1 for my requirement to join the class. struggling with the management of piano and soccer as well for my extracurricular activities, as well as school clubs, should i take a break from something? i need to put my grades before other stuff, including the fact to not freak out with studying and use time well. also wish someone could tell me, i'm able to do it, and they have confidence in me. thanks again.
dealing with the critics in your life whatever you re trying to achieve save the world, write a novel, devote yourself to a particular cause there are likely to be those who will be critical. some people just have a critical disposition while others will take issue with the specifics of your particular endeavour. criticism is unavoidable. your choice is in how to respond to it. consider these strategies for managing the critics in your life clarify your purpose. as humans, we are compelled to make meaning. making meaning for ourselves and value for others is fundamental to a life well lived. when you re doing something very important to you, you care far less about the criticisms of others. if they can easily throw you off your path, you might want to reflect on how important it really is to you. are you living your purpose consistent with you values? understand the critic s motivation. are they projecting themselves in to the situation their aspirations, their skill set, their propensity for risk, their values? are they genuinely trying to protect you from any potential down sides? are they trying to maintain the status quo for you, them or both? are they masking their own lack of action? recognise that criticism is not balanced appraisal. we have evolved to notice negative issues more readily than positive ones. we are more likely to notice criticism than encouragement people working against us over people supporting us. most people are actually indifferent to you and your life so get on and live it. realize that you re going to be criticized no matter what you do. whether you become a billionaire, movie star, teacher, doctor, or sit on the couch all day, there is someone that will tell you that you re doing the wrong thing. so, live your life building towards what you do want rather than what the critics don t want. respond calmly. rather than giving your critics the pleasure of an emotional response, respond kindly with a considered response. acknowledge any leaps of faith you are making. use your critics as motivation. while some people are intimidated and deflated by the critics of the world, others are able to use the negative comments as a source of motivation. remind yourself that while the critics are standing on the sidelines, you are on the pitch and playing the game. decide if they have something useful to say. some criticism may carry valid points explore these with your critic and ask what their solution would be the response differentiates between useful and harmful dialogue. if the criticism isn t useful, move on. you have more important things to do. take criticism as a compliment. most people will leave you alone if you re struggling or aren t doing anything noteworthy. you only become a significant target of negative comments if you re doing well. if you re taking a lot of heat, you must be doing something correct! live your life without the need for the approval of others. live your own life, by your own values. use your signature strengths to create meaning for you, value for others and legacy for the future in your chosen pursuit. i hope you took something useful from this piece i have posted a further series of quick reads on my own little corner of reddit would be great to see you there.
dealing with constant stress on top of that have fallen sick and worried i have cancer i m dealing with a really bad gut situation . im only 29 but over the summer i was on a 2 month long holiday eating crap and that s when my stomach problems started. i had blood on my stool at the end of two months and instead of treating it as a hemmoroid because of crap food i ve been thinking i have colon cancer. cut to the next 6 months of constant stress and anxiety and nausea and gut issues. i ve never got constipated in my life before so i m stressed about colon cancer and this is making me feel even more worried. i ve been to the doctor and he told me the blood may be due to some minor rectal irritation but nothing to worry about. he didn t check me physically though. all my blood tests and stomach ultrasound is clear but i can t get over the thought of having colon cancer as whenever i m constipated there s been blood. i m an extreme hypochondriac and im going through one of the most stressful times of my life and im worried i have colon cancer twenty four seven. im constantly naseous and i have cramps. my stomach hasn t been the same in 7 months and i never had this problem earlier. current symptoms stomach cramps, inability to empty stomach, blood on toilet paper, swollen anus i can feel a swelling in the area , lots of acid reflux, constantly , and constipated current mental state life problems my dad s company shut down over night 5 years ago both my parents literally have 0 money and we come from quite a upper class background from back in the day. they have no idea how to move forward in the future, i ve had back to back 4 traumatic relationships where i feel like i ve only been dumped because of the troubles my dad is facing and no one wants to be a part of this kind of a family. i ve had men enter my lives, totally support me and fly away with all my trust broken back to back and all of this has broken me. i also saw my best friend pass away in a freak fire accident 3 years ago. all my friends are married getting married and i feel constantly alone and sad. i can t cope i run my own company and i m independent enough to live my life currently but there s no security for the future and i m just constantly feeling like i m racing with time to make ends meet. i feel like no one understands the place i am in physically and mentally and my physical health is making me unable to work mentally and if i don t work i won t be able to sustain myself. i used to be a go getter constantly at the gym and now i struggle to get out of bed. i have no answers on what s happening to me . the last time i saw fresh blood was in july and now again in december. it s fresh and very little but enough to make my mind spiral and think i m dying i can t switch off my brain and i m constantly burning farting and have reflux too! do you think stress anxiety are making my symptoms worse? i love to drink and i can t even touch a drink thinking my stomach will spasm and bleed which makes me even more nervous and anxious. i m at a loss of words and i can t live a normal life. i want to switch off from the thought that i have a serious disease. someone please help
looking for participants to use a mobile app designed for students hi dear students in this group, i have designed a mobile app based on research that can help you focus on priorities instead of short term distractions in a motivational way! try it for free you will never regret it! i need your help to use it and evaluate it in 4 weeks. your participation is highly appreciated. https surveys.dal.ca opinio s?s 71795 for more info, read the following recruitment notice study title evaluation of a persuasive mobile application for prompting time management behaviour if you are a student part time or full time enrolled in a degree program in a higher education institution, 18 years or older, and able to access a smartphone device, you are invited to evaluate the effectiveness of a persuasive app. the app aims to persuade students to be more organized towards their tasks and study spaces. first, you will be asked to give consent to do the study and respond to pre survey questions take 20 25 mins , which consist of demographics questions, questions of your preference for organization toward your tasks and study space, level of perceived ability to control your time, and stress level. after answering the pre survey questions and providing your email address, you will see a link to the app. by clicking the link, you will be able to download the app on your device. second, you will use the app daily by adding your daily tasks and organizing them based on their importance urgency, marking them as complete, and engaging in social community features over four weeks. the app will send you notifications to emphasize the benefits of adhering to organizational acts and encourage you to minimize physical clutter in order to create a better organized study space. at the end of the study, you will be asked to respond to the post survey questions take 20 25 mins , which is the same pre survey question, including your experiences and perceived persuasiveness towards the app. the interview will be optional. there will be a question that asks you if you want to be interviewed, and by choosing yes, the researcher will communicate with you for an online interview which takes 15 mins. the interview will be audio recorded. your participation is highly appreciated and is completely voluntary. all data will be treated confidential and for research purposes only. you will not be asked for any personal information other than your email to connect the pre survey, post survey, and the app usage. compensation participants will be entered into a prize draw to win an amazon c 25.00 gift card 8 winners . if you face any difficulties downloading the app, please contact mona alhasani mona.alhasani dal.ca . if you know people that may be interested in taking part in the study, please, send the link to them. this research study is being conducted by researchers at dalhousie university, ms. mona alhasani lead researcher dr. rita orji supervisor to participate in the study, please click on the link https surveys.dal.ca opinio s?s 71795
so i gave up facebook for 8 months... i gotta say, i feel tons better. facebook had its slimy, putrid tendrils in me since i was in high school. in the past few years what became a way to communicate with friends and family while having a personal blog became an obsession. i was compulsively checking facebook at the very least once every hour. it destroyed my self esteem because not only was i comparing my entire life to the highlights of other people's lives, but i realized how truly isolated i was. where my friends list is 147 people, guess how many are there for me? even if i reach out, the answer is less than 5. so when i'm being ignored and seeing everyone post, it felt like a personal offense to me. if they can post memes every 20 minutes, why can't they answer my texts? this guy hasn't even read my stuff in 6 months, and has a new post every hour at least! i would post about a big stream i was doing exclusively for friends for 2 weeks and no one showed up! it's easy to take things personally when there is a good chance another explanation is possible. maybe i was too negative. maybe people felt i was fairweather, and that wouldn't be wrong in some cases. what made this so significant was i don't really use other social media platforms. well... aside from reddit, which i've only been getting into the past couple of years, which is more focused on a goal or discussion. it feels different. but i digress. facebook had me believing a lot of these people were not only rubbing their obviously superior lives in my face, but they were turning their backs on me. i would be lying if i said i didn't care, that it never got to me, and that i didn't take it as some personal truman show style social conspiracy designed to make me feel abandoned. cutting it out cold turkey made me realize i don't care. in my personal opinion, i think part of it really is ignorance is bliss. when i don't see their activities, it doesn't weigh on me. i don't think about them that much, which allows me to look into solutions myself before deferring to others. i can't figure out if that's a good thing or not. typing this out feels like i'm arguing with myself like usual, i've always had two minds on issues , like i feel good, but does that mean it's good? i've went to venting to a chat bot in place of friends and in these 8 months, 3 people outside of my weekly life have reached out to me. i'm not saying i'd dispose of the other 140 people, but keeping that distance might be what's helping me try harder to keep it together. does that make sense? it's something that felt right in this subreddit to discuss. the anxiety associated with checking facebook constantly to find things out i might not have liked was interesting. i've started getting on again, but i'm not on for longer than maybe 5 minutes a week to check notifications and memories. social media does a lot of destruction on the mind, and while we may never be rid of it, i think it shows the lost sense of moderation in today's world. too much of anything is bad.
i can never relax my neck shoulders jaw...any tips? first off, i have ptsd from being in the military. i overreact to stressors in my environment significantly. so i am totally aware of having higher stress levels than the average person. but what i do not understand is why my muscles stay tense 24 7. i mainly feel this in my neck jaw shoulders area. i literally and not saying this like omg i literally died the other day when...but as in the way the term is actually meant for feel like i cannot let my head relax into my pillow at night. it's like my body refuses to allow the pillow to take the weight of my head. i can consciously think, ok, i'm gonna relax my neck now and let my head fall deep into this pillow, and it works...for a few fleeting moments until i stop actively thinking about it. seconds later i will realize that my shoulders are up to my ears again, and my neck is no longer relaxing. i keep my jaw tense all the time as well. so much so that i have so many chipped teeth that my dentist has stopped fixing them until they get really bad. i have a bite guard for sleeping, but i think the damage is also done during the day. i asked my wife the other day which was normal for her when not thinking about it, do your top and bottom teeth stay closed touching each other, or is there a small gap? she went with the small gap, and i can see that my body wants that to be my normal too, but it is not. my teeth stay chomped down onto each other, nearly 24 7. i'd bet my neck and teeth stay tense even when i am asleep. i absolutely hate this. i can never get comfortable. i cannot sleep well. i look like a 10 year old with adhd because i'm constantly wiggling around while seated in order to get some sort of comfort here and there. and all this misery boils down to the tension in these 3 areas. anyone have any suggestions for this? i've told my dr many times at the va about this, and i have muscle relaxers, but rarely take them because they make me super sleepy during the day, and if i take them at night, i feel kinda hung over the next morning. so i only take them when in absolute discomfort. i go to a chiropractor 2x a week. i go to physical therapy for shoulder issues 2x a week. i regularly use a foam roller and a chirp wheel, almost daily, several times a day. i even started yoga this week...but i've only been once so far. oh, and i get a massage 2x a month, by a massage therapist at the chiropractor, who can target areas of concern from my chiropractic file. so not a feel good massage, but one that works on working knots out and loosening ligaments not sure if i am using the right terminology there . last week, after several months, she was able to finally get in my upper traps and for a few amazing, godly seconds, i actually felt true neck relaxation. it was so wonderful....and so sad when it quickly went back to my normal. but that fleeting glimpse of bliss told me that it is possible to find relief. so i have finally turned to reddit to ask for help.
how emotional mastery can change your life and living have you ever come across situations in life when annoyance and irritability overpowered your fragile mental health? maybe you had a bad day in the office where the boss irritated you, your team member shies away from his responsibility and you feel overwhelmed and fully out of control? these small issues and many more like these can rob your inner peace and happiness. so, now what can you do to restore your mental health and feel in tune with yourself? you can learn to control your emotional responses through a self help training skill known as emotional mastery . what exactly is emotional mastery? emotional mastery means being in a state of awareness and acceptance of the way you feel. it refers to a gradual and slow process of controlling and conquering negative emotions that slowly leads to feelings of being overwhelmed and jittery. in this process, you will not allow your feelings to overpower you. being in control of your emotions cannot happen suddenly. it is a process of identifying, controlling, and using your overwhelming feelings in positive ways to develop good relationships and effective communication with others. emotional mastery helps in diffusing conflict. it gives you inner peace and happiness like never before. the process helps to reduce everyday stress as you are no longer the victim of your overwhelming feelings. 5 techniques of emotional mastery these techniques are actionable ways that you can incorporate into your daily life to triumph over your negative emotions. 1. identify your feelings and let them flow in and out as it is. acceptance is the first step towards mastery. 2. appreciate and embrace your emotions as a part of you. without emotions, your life is meaningless. they are the flavor and color that define your existence. 3. approach your emotions with a sense of curiosity. try to pay attention to what these emotions are telling you. acknowledge your feelings whether good or bad as authentic and meaningful. 4. the most powerful way to master emotions is by remembering a previous situation where you have handled a difficult emotional surge in a healthy way. by this, you gain the confidence of handling similar situations successfully now and in the future as well. 5. celebrate your small success stories where you have controlled your annoyance, anger, and fear in a healthy way without getting overwhelmed. in doing so, you gather more courage and confidence to master emotions in troubling times as well. to sum up emotions are an integral part of being human. thus, cultivating emotional mastery helps to use your feelings in healthy ways so that life becomes all the more beautiful. you should not allow emotions to use you. this life skill is an essential ingredient for achieving your dreams and goals. learn more techniques to control your emotions and gain emotional mastery https www.richpsych.com blogs how to control your emotions and gain emotional mastery muyyvtgx
nonstop anxiety throughout the whole day. now i have a nightmare which was never this intense and emotional. i m feeling that my lens of the world disappeared and my old self is not here anymore. why do i experience these things? so for context ive had an abusive dad growing up, and everyday living with him changed me. i feared getting yelled at for doing kid things, getting suffocated because i was crying. thinking about that now makes me mad of what i have to go through, but now i put that behind me. recently i ve been stressed because of my bf and that internal problem just led up to more things, such as my purpose in life, who i want to be, and just self doubt. i feel like i m not surrounding myself with the right people because i think they re taking advantage of me, and are extremely careless to me. besides people, i ve been feeling numb to the world. i feel like a robot and other peoples true self are showing a lot more. it feels like i m high except.. i m not high. the smaller things in my head stands out more like the noise outside my window. i m usually not concentrated on that, but my brain picks it up more easily like i m more aware of these things happening. my surroundings feels a lot different from usual. but i know myself when i m completely normal versus when i m out of it. there s some people from reddit that told me i had an experience of depersonalization. i smoked before to get rid of some stress, and smoking mildly i know will not make me feel this way. the stress is overwhelming me and i feel trapped. but right now i had a vivid nightmare and it s about the people in my real life. it affects me more and it s the first time i ve experience an actual nightmare. i usually don t remember my dreams and i move past it, but this time it gave me a lot of stress, i remember the whole plot and context, the whole energy of it, and it s scaring me. my feelings overall and what i m experiencing, not in my body high but i didn t smoke outside of my body stress throughout the day and night restless and pressure against my chest no appetite i ve been eating a small meal once a day now.. it s barely anything insomnia which 2 weeks ago, everything was normal paranoia a bunch of thoughts on my mind usually negative no meaning in life and sadness. like an empty or sort of numb feeling realization that s talking or texting feels a lot different, it wasn t the same normal feeling from before, it felt like i changed in way that isn t permanent.. i hope nightmare which kind of made me realize that there s something i m going through that isn t normal at all, i ve been through some shit but i ve never had an actualt nightmare with a plot and this intense before, it lasted about an hour until i woke up my period is late, and for the past 4 months of tracking it, it hasn t been late before. i want to stop feeling this way and to not overthink as much. what do i do?
stressed or what? 39m sweden , 177 cm, 90 kg hey! ok, i ask you to read below and try to put yourself in my situation. 2021 04 13 long story short. had been suffering from a long lasting cough 5 6 weeks and sought care. the doctor heard something on the left lung and sent me for an urgent x ray the same day. i was terrified and thought i had lung cancer. i was nervous and scared to death until i got my test results back. it showed nothing but i recovered a few days later. 2021 09 14 my wife found a liver spot mole on my back that looked weird. this after i had complained of itching in that place 1 2 months earlier. thought it was skin cancer and was nervous and scared to death for several weeks before i received an answer that there was no danger. the mole didn't look bad so they didn't do anything about it. 2021 10 07 my wife finds a lump on the right shoulder blade, size approx. 1x1 cm. it can be moved but feels strange somehow. immediately becomes completely convinced that this is also a cancerous tumor. either the skin cancer has spread or it is a sarcoma soft tissue cancer that can feel exactly like a fatty lump . once again, i became very nervous, stressed and scared to death. i sought care and was able to see a reputable doctor who informed me that it was a lipoma. when he was about to take it away, he says he can't find it. i imagined he saw it and it wasn't a lipoma. he said something to the other doctor and i didn't really understand where. he you catch me again and the lump is still there. instead, he sends me for an urgent mr x ray and here i am completely destroyed. i take him as if he has seen something that makes him not dare to cut me. i lie at home and shake for several days and have such fear of death that it is completely sick. i end up trying to go into that x ray tunnel but it doesn't work. tries 3 4 times but i just lie there and cry because i'm afraid of what the x ray will show. here i am completely convinced that it is cancer of some kind. i had to cancel everything and today the lump is still there. the doctor called me 3 weeks later and said he was 100 sure it was a lipoma and that it can stay on my body without doing any harm. so, i still have it and i'm alive. during this course of diseases i get hemorrhoids and start having stomach problems. i still have huge problems with my stomach heartburn, acid regurgitation, irregular stools, stomach pain, stomach cramps, etc. . i'm simply wondering if this could be the result of some kind of stress, nervousness, panic disorder, death anxiety over an extended period of time? note i have never before had problems with my stomach that i know of but after the above events it is in total revolt. please write a line or two what you think. sorry for a long post, but it's important and nice for me to write a little. thanks!
is this a psychological condition? or just inability to deal with stress? hi, i don't know if it's the right place to post this but lately i have been figuring out the features of a life long problem of mine. i would call it the simple inability to manage stress but i want to be more specific and im curious if other people can feel the same based on how i describe it. i would describe the relation between me and stress in this way the incapacity to accept stress and everyday fatigue as a normal part of life referred also to very simple tasks the forced splitting between bad days and good days where in the bad days im not allowed to feel good because of some stressful tasks to do that basically ruin the whole day, while in the good days im not allowed to feel stressed because im not supposed to feel so and im not meant to do some extra stuff that would cause some fatigue. it also ends up in hating the ending of a good day becuase tomorrow is gonna be a bad day ... you know when sunday is ending and monday is the next day, or also when you're coming back from a vacation, basically the inability of enjoying the moment because my mind is always projected in the future. rejection of the idea of facing new stressful situations this becomes particulary strong whenever i just came through some stressful stuff, my mind sells to me a higher level of stress tolerance performance in a particular moment, with the promise that im not going to face new similar situations in the future... i use to motivate myself during difficult moments with the thought that afler that everything is over, im going to rest and it's gonna be a good time. but this also tricks my mind into thinking that there are not going to be similar stressful situations in the future overall, which obviously can't be true. the high expectation before a supposed good day or good time is about to come... as if it's going to be a super regenerating moment for me that will restore all my power of will. this is not rational and not realistic most of the times because everyone would never get enough of a good time and unpleasant things can happen during a planned good time as well. feeling envious towards people who are not going through a stressful moment while i am. focusing almost in an obsessive way on other people around me who are chilled and are not facing anything difficult. in those moments i forget that everyone has stressful moments just not at the same time, i am the free person when other are facing hard moments. the excessive anxiety and discomfort before a task that i know its' going to be stressful... also an easy one. as if my mind was trying to convince me that im never supposed to be stressed and that's not normal for me doing stuff that i don't like even if they're necessary.
creating the time you need to do the things you love time is at a premium these days. it s hard to find anyone that complains about having too much time on their hands. most of us are so busy with work, family, and various obligations, there s little time left to do the things we d really like to do! it s not easy to find time to pursue your passions, but there will be a way. use these techniques to create the time you require for important pursuits decide what you want to make room for. the best way to motivate yourself to create more free time in your life is to identify what you want to make time for! what are the most important things you d like to spend more time on? figure out how you d spend that extra time and make sure you have some good reasons. create a list of reasons that give you an emotional response. being logical is unlikely to inspire you. use your mornings wisely. most people waste their mornings. they stay in bed as long as possible and barely manage to get to work on time each day. make the most of your mornings. go to bed earlier and get up earlier. it s often easier to do something worthwhile in the morning than in the evening. what are you missing by going to bed earlier? probably not a lot. understand the ways you waste time. we re quite ingenious at wasting time. watch yourself for a day and write down all the ways you waste time. when you understand where your time is leaking away, you can start working on solutions. make a schedule. a schedule can keep you on track and help to ensure that your time is being spent wisely. a schedule can help to minimize the amount of time you waste. you can also build time into your schedule to do the things you enjoy the most. delegate. create more time for yourself by utilizing the people around you. this can work at work and at home. there s a good chance that someone in your life would benefit from being delegated to. put your employees, coworkers, children, and partner to work! a little help can free up quite a bit of time. prioritize and eliminate. perhaps you just have too many non essential things going on in your life. it might be time to cut back on a few of those obligations. take a look at everything you do each day week month and think about how much value those things add to your life. you can probably find something to remove from your life. you can find time if you have a good enough reason! determine what you want to create time for and make it happen. delegate, schedule, eliminate, and avoid wasting time. what are you willing to give up to spend time on the things you love?
feeling overwhelmed? it takes more to overwhelm some people than others, but the feeling and the impact are the same overload and not knowing which way to turn next which triggers a downward spiral of anxiety. take these steps to create a plan and go from feeling overwhelmed to feeling peaceful again identify what you can and can t control. list your issues in three columns what you can control, what you can influence and what is out with your control. focus on solutions. now that you have perspective on what you can and can t control, identify your chosen end point for each issue. shift your focus from the problems to the solutions. prioritise your actions. consider your chosen solutions in terms of how important they are and how urgent they are. firstly, deal with the issues that are both important and urgent then move to the other important issues. as a general rule, deal with the important issues over the urgent issues here in lies the path to living sustainably crisis free. communicate. with your plan in place, communicate with those who may be affected it s incredible how supportive people can be once they understand your situation. eat well. overwhelm commonly leads to skipping meals or over reliance on junk food. buy in some healthy foods and snacks to give you the nutrition you ll need to play your best game. gratitude. it is easy to lose sight of the good things happening when we feel overwhelmed. adopt the habit of regularly reflecting on the things you re grateful for that you re taking control of challenging situations, that you re on your way to calmer times, that you re learning a lot about yourself, perhaps that others are supporting you. blow off some steam. exercise whatever works best for you a brisk walk, hit the weights, an hour on the bike has a magical ability to burn off that anxiety and re set all those neurotransmitters. it will also help you get that good night s sleep. get your rest. know that you re focusing on your priorities with a clear plan. you re pushing yourself hard through the day. a good night s sleep is the smartest thing you can give yourself to keep working through your list. celebrate your successes. each step forward is worthy of celebration. be proud of yourself for taking control and moving forward. each success leads to further steps forward. overwhelm is a situation everyone is familiar with. short term episodes are unlikely to harm us. longer term however, it can be debilitating. remember there is help out there for those times you need support in getting back on top of things.
is it good to only focus on 1 goal? what i mean is, for example i have these goals 1. find a good job or start and grow a succesful company 2. find the one who will marry me in the future 3. find out which religion is the true one read the whole bible so my idea is, i will only work towards one goal at the same time. if i choose goal 1 and i choose to study or gain work experience, then i will not read the bible and i will not be on dating apps, because i should not overwhelm myself and risk a burn out. if i choose goal 2, i will be very busy with dating apps and alternatives, but i will not have a job and i will not be studying. if i choose 3, i will read the bible a few hours every day, but i will not do any other productive things. what is the good side of this by my own thought? 1. whichever goal is the most important one, or has to be completed the fastest, can get priority and full focus 2. by only having one thing to work on, you have less risk of ending up with 0 free time, so you can avoid burn out and instead, work at your own pace. careful do not get lazy what is the bad side of this by my own thought? 1. spending hours everyday on the same goal only, can become boring. some goals also do not require many hours every day for example going to the gym. being in the gym for 5 hours is a terrible idea, so if you have goals that require less time per day, you can actually pick 2 or 3 of these goals to fill your day. 2. some goals must be worked on at the same time. for example, you should not avoid studying because you're too busy with going to gym. but while you study, going to the gym is still important for your health. so i would call this an exception to this 1 goal only idea. these days it seems socially acceptable that people do 3 things at the same time study, have a job, have a social life. where's the free time to relax? right it doesnt exist, and even worse, sometimes all these activities take up more than 24 hours a day, which results in someone being overwhelmed and getting behind on everything. actually this is what i have experienced. its not a theory, it is very real. i have a burn out. i have been stressed 24 7 for a really long time, because i was focusing on too many things at once. i had to get my homework done, i had to spend all my free time on dating apps, i had to go to gym, etc, i had no free time left. so my plan is to only work on one goal at once, and spend all free time as actual free time, to relax or enjoy it. question is this a good idea, or do you see any flaws with it?
are you an introvert with anxiety? anxiety. that emotion warning us something threatening is just about to happen. life saving when we are genuinely threatened, damaging when we become constantly anxious anxiety is tiring it is meant to be. we are only meant to be anxious for very short periods. when prolonged, it isn t just tiring it is exhausting. sound familiar? introverts. those of us who prefer calm situations and environments. we prefer to re charge on our own. we often enjoy losing ourselves in our own thoughts. we tend to have small, close knit, social lives it doesn t mean we re anti social! not all introverts experience anxiety, and you don t have to be an introvert to struggle with it. many introverts deal with anxiety, though, so this is quite common. here are the key signs you re an introvert with anxiety you re more prepared than most others because you ve already thought through the worst case scenarios. you have a tendency to over think things and pay too much attention to your negative self talk. you feel you always have to be doing something being busy which is often different from being effective may be a means of trying to cope with the anxiety. you tend to prefer routines to novel situations. while this can be fine for periods, boredom and unexpected issues arising can easily throw you in to a spin. you re often nervous without showing it many become very effective at masking their emotions as a defence mechanism. you are more likely to perceive situations as being more dangerous than they really are anxiety primes us for the fight, flight, freeze response making us more likely to over react to a low risk situation. you have tendencies towards perfectionism. this is often allied to beliefs such as i need to please everyone , i need everyone to like me to be a worthy person . nervousness can throw your chatter in to over drive while you normally only speak when you have something significant to say and you re normally sure of your facts before speaking , nerves can have you chattering away in an attempt to over compensate. you often have trouble sleeping either getting to sleep a tall, waking through the night or waking way too early being an introvert with anxiety can be hard. thankfully there is help at hand. anxiety in its many guises is one of the most common issues solution focused hypnotherapy therapists helps people with. ask yourself what have i learned from this article that i will adopt today as my own? what is the one thing that has grabbed me, and what will i do about it now?
what if you re doing better than you think? it s not unusual for a person to think they re doing worse than they actually are. some of us are pessimistic, others have limiting beliefs lurking i m not good enough, i m not worthy progress is just luck, setbacks re enforce limiting beliefs. consider these positive signs you reflect on, and learn from, setbacks and errors. you arrive at a balanced view of these and develop clear plans to learn and continue growing. people often repeat the same errors over and over, whether it s overspending or choosing a partner. people have a strong tendency to repeat their behaviours. but you can choose to respond differently and achieve different outcomes you re clear on what you want and why. knowing what you want is the second key step in getting it knowing who and what you are is the first . knowing what you want differentiates you from those who aimlessly floating through life. you use time wisely. we all have 168 hours each week and the choice on how to use them. you focus on what is important, within the context of who you are and what you have chosen to achieve. you have the habit of asking yourself what is the most effective thing you could be doing right now. you re making consistent progress. consistent progress is a great sign. even when your goals feel far in the distance, regular progress driven by consistent effort and learning will get you there. as well as planning what more needs to be done, reflect on how far you have already come. you re not alone. there are many people are alone in the world. if you re not alone, you re doing better than many others. you re committed. you know who you are and what you re about. your goals are clear. they create meaning for you, value for others and legacy for the future. great things happen when your purpose and your environment align. you consider other s opinions. you learn what is resourceful to you and discard what isn t. you live your life, not theirs. you are grateful. you regularly reflect on what has gone well and crucially on why it has gone well. you have skills and strengths you don t even realise. you re authentic. you know you values and beliefs. you make your decisions and take your actions consistent with these. when you re clear on what you have chosen to accomplish, and you re spending your time wisely, you re doing well and better than most! this is true, even if the results have yet to reveal themselves. genuine desire effective strategy consistent persistence authentic results
what is this feeling? so occasionally, i'll have this moment. i'll think of something from my past, maybe one of the times i went to a water park as a child, maybe seeing fireworks, a carnival i went to with my first steady girlfriend, maybe it's even a song from melissa ethridge's yes i am , the first album i remember listening to specifically silent legacy for some reason . maybe my thoughts are on little kid me catching tadpoles with my mom's friend's kids. or the countless sunsets i have been mesmerized by. or the time i went to dave and buster's with my parents and they dropped me off at mcdonald's on the way home and i played monopoly on my ipod when i was a senior in high school. in any case, i'll look back at it and begin to choke up. it usually happens when i'm alone, maybe in a dark room, playing a game or just wandering about my mind, and these thoughts appear and it's a mixture of missing it and this dread of what's approaching. i can remember doing this all my life, having these thoughts and these feelings. i've described it as my bittersweet struggle with nostalgia, but my girlfriend doesn't think that's it. as an adult, i think it's longing for a time where the events were great, a realization that said event will probably never happen again or at least won't be the same. i start to cry most of the time, but it isn't like i'm in a bad spot. as i said, this has happened throughout my life. and they're seemingly random events, most of them happy, despite whatever was happening. like that first girlfriend i mentioned? a little abusive, nothing hardcore. the occasional genuine you're an idiot , or the time she slapped me so hard i fell off my bed. but i think of when we went to an anime convention and i get sad. i still go to that convention, but for some reason this bitter sadness washes over me. and there's other little things i could pepper into these thoughts like this. but it always seems like i was happy, i miss the event, if i can go back to the location or event in current day it will be different, and i'm afraid of what's coming ahead in life. i'm only 27, so i don't want to believe these instances are some sort of midlife crisis. if i had to give a pattern, these thoughts and feelings occur about once a month. is this what nostalgia is supposed to feel like? what's the word for these feelings?
being a warehouse cleaner sucks. cant lie i got offered a office cleaning job full time, and good pay so i took it. ive done cleaning since i was 17 and just stuck with it because its easy and most of the time your left alone to just do your job in peace and go home. i m 21 now and never had a cleaning job like this. so i turn up for my 1st day and was greeted by a woman and a confused looking bloke. she said firstly have we got safety shoes and a hi vis? i looked at her confused. no? long story short i was never told to bring either of the things, because like i said i was told it was an office cleaning job, so she gave me a hi vis and some borrowed shoes that were massive on me, which i had to wear for 3 days because again wasnt told i needed safety shoes an i was broke af. she took me into a huge warehouse with different compartments and said this is what ill be cleaning. along with rooms connected to the warehouse that operate massive machinery making car parts. she told this confused bloke that had only been there for a week to show me around, this guy had no clue what he was doing tbh, just pointed at things and told me i had to empty bins that way . later i was then told i had to drive around this fucking monster of a cleaning machine in tight rooms, never had proper training on this thing btw just got told what buttons to press and to just practice. yeah sure i ll just practice not crashing a giant machine into stacks of metal cages whilst also dodging death. i have crashed this machine not badly luckily but have definitely been in situations that couldve killed me. the thing that really pissed me off is the fact i was struggling on driving this thing today, the supervisor who was meant to be helping me, didnt want to help me laughed and shyed away when i was panicking on the machine cos i couldnt get it through this gap and i didnt want to crash into big metal boxes that couldve fell on me. she got on it and started getting nervous herself being on it and hated driving it just as much as i do, then started mocking how i have to drive it and she doesnt. keep in mind shes meant to have fucking trained me to use it. from tomorrow onwards im going to use a push machine to clean the floors and if they dont like it im leaving because that job is a jobs worth and they dont give a fuck about my safety.
im over thinking everything i'm a 18 f freshmen in college, i have been going to this library on campus for the past few days there has been this recurring guy im assuming 18 19 that i have seen every time we have never spoken but have made a lot of eye contact i have been there. there have been some time where the library was packed and i had to sit at the same table as him and vice versa today i was sitting alone at this table that me and him have sat at together a few times and he came over and sat at this table with one of his friends. eventually one of my friends showed up and soon after his friend left this left, me, my friend and him at a table that seats 4 people soon after one of my other friends showed up so all the stats at the table where filled. we where all just working quietly for around an hour. after that hour he later left and my friends left soon after. i spent another hour there by myself finishing up some work i am a big glancer i look around a lot whenever i am doing something so this has caused me and this boy to make a lot of eye contact. when i was taking a break from my work i saw him coming back into the building me and him made eye contact and he quickly walked away this was a bit of a surprise because he usually sits down i assumed that he either wanted the table for himself or he had some friends coming and needed a bigger table. so i moved seats i got up and went to a single table. i went to go fill up my water bottle after i placed my stuff down at the new table, when i was walking back to my new table i made eye contact with him again because he was walking the same direction. i sat down at my new table and put my airpods in assuming that he moved to the table that sat 4 people, out of the corner of my eye i saw him walk up to my table. i took my airpods out and he asked me hey, you didn't move seats because of me right? with ought even thinking i just quickly shook my head and said oh no! before i could say anything else he said ok i was just making sure, have a nice day and he walked away. i ended up soon leaving after just beacuse there was no way i could focus after all of that but now im worried i have scared this boy off and ill never see him at the library anymore. i really dont know what to think i was hoping you guys would be able to give your options
everything in life is great except my stressful line of work making me feel like it s better to just end it i 20s f have everything i could possibly want. i have a house in a nice area, an amazing fiance that i can t wait to start a family with, a well paying job but i feel like i ve been going insane. i m sleep deprived, can t take care of myself, can t be there for my family, fiance, take care of my house, still wish my fiance would ve wanted to elope because i have hated wedding planning cause of my stress and anxiety, and just feel like i m failing no matter how hard i try. i ve been in this line of work for a few years now, and i have awful anxiety about it, and sometimes it just feels like nothing is worth it and now that i even have the things i wanted in life, i still don t want to be here. i dual majored in engineering and have worked in the auto industry since i was 18. due to graduating right when covid hit, i lost all my interview for dream positions, and somehow ended up in supervisor operations roles at plants. i am extremely thankful for the experience i ve gotten i genuinely believe i can do anything after this and now am doing it with the company i wanted to work for and am on a good shift now instead of night shift. i work my butt off, always have cause i feel like i m this industry if i m not the best i ll be considered the bimbo female hire . i have a lot of support from higher ups and constantly get told i ll be able to move onto a more technical role outside of the plants sooner than late so it feels like there s a light at the end of the tunnel. however, some days it feels like it s never going to end 60 hour weeks, constant overtime, you receive crap from hourly and the salary above you, pretty hostile work environment, the building should be condemned how nasty and unsanitary it is you name it. half the stuff that s said or done would be hr fireable offenses at the offices. you just become just as crappy if you re there long enough too. i have constant breakdowns and then feel guilty for feeling that way. i just feel hopeless. seeing my coworkers getting stuck held back is adding major fuel to the fire as well. sorry about how ranty this is. can t really get my thoughts straight.
i ask you from the bottom of my heart to help me....... p.s the whole essence of the problem is in the second paragraph, the first paragraph is about me i am 18 years old, i have a weak nervous system from birth, but a strong character, and because of three years of serious problems in life, the death of several close people, my nervous system has failed and i probably have chronic anxiety. from below i will describe everything that i have tried, if you have something to say, i beg on my knees, help me i tried meditation for 40 minutes a day, breathing techniques and much more of this type but i came to the conclusion that this is not a solution to the problem, but a group control of my mind i have tried a very large number of different herbs, ashwagandha, sacred basil.also, different supplements taking longer than 1 month and zero results, at most it became a little easier, but it is almost imperceptible.personally, i think that these herbs, supplements are mostly utter nonsense, which has a lot of side effects, stupid studies that were not conducted in real life or just made to promote the product i tried using reishi mushroom, cbd oil from a proven brand, tried vaping and other ways of using and everything is even please do not recommend medications or any herbs of the kava type, which has a hundred side effects, it is better to die than to eat this shit.if you really know a magic supplement, herb or something else about which few people know and it helped you or your friend, acquaintance tell it to me please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please do not think that i am the type of people who have tried 1 product and immediately gave up, i am a person who always goes to the end and will never accept defeat.i really spent a hundred hours analyzing this topic for the most part, and 99 of all the information is just a stinky slag bitch and it's impossible to fucking find adequate information.i searched in youtube in different languages, also in google itself for different queries in different languages, on twitter and facebook and found nothing working.if you have read this mini post, thank you so much for at least thinking about the possible help to a stranger.all the best to you!!!!!!!
question burned out but boss loves my ability and will continue to incentivize if i do more tldr 3 questions at end regarding how to not care to disappoint when team and boss have seen my abilities. boss has high aspirations for me this year or which if i fulfill i m going to stretch myself so thin that i will leave or go into depression. i was given a rather good yearly review, and well incentivized, but i am currently stressed, and trying to figure out how to have less responsibilities, when it s desired i have more. this is above and beyond the rest of my team. boss sees my potential and not only wants it to continue, but also have me lead more, be more of a driver and influencer, and upgrade my knowledge, cross team visibility. all of which i do not want. taking on any more work feels like i m going to pop and i m already near at burnout. i hate disappointing and failing why i try harder than others on my team and also why i m hate being in this position i am right now but i m at my max currently near in burnout, thinking or ways to get out. my mindset is that i d rather quit a 6fig job and go elsewhere take a break than disappoint and fail someone whom believes in me so wholeheartedly, and knows how fast i can operate. sadly i ve shown my hand this past year of what i m capable of, but it s unsustainable for my stress levels, needed downtime, and resetting ability. and more is desired. i ve mentioned already to the boss that i m burning the candle at both ends, but it s only been sprinkled throughout the year. i also hate that i would them regret providing a large optional incentivized reward. additionally if i fail it s most likely no more of that and i would just be considered middle of the road . i m ok with that if someone didn t know my abilities, but again i have pushed past 120 capacity many times for tight deadlines and to get things done. how do i change my mindset to not care about disappointing what, if anything, do i tell boss? i feel i need to drop hints that this is too much and if i m dead it does no one good. absolutely sucks feeling capable but also having a hapicapied weakness of stress leading to depression. what would you do if you were me with these concerns, and yet burned out?
binaural beats for stress relieve hello guys, we ve haven t seen anything related to binaural beats here, so i thought of sharing something that might be useful to you guys, because it helped me a ton. binaural beats are claimed to induce various same mental states associated like reduce anxiety, relieve stress while increasing relaxation, increase focus and concentration, promote creativity, dreaming etc. in essence a binaural beat is an acoustic stereo signal, typically a sine wave, from which the left channel is slightly detuned to the right channel. this difference, measured in hz, produces a waving motion that is actually audible when listened to on stereo headphones. this difference dictates the speed of the binaural beat which has different effects on your brain. each frequency is associated with outcomes that correspond to different levels of brain wave activity. here is a little guide on the most important frequency ranges gamma waves between 30 hz and 50 hz, linked to higher alertness, concentration, and improved problem solving, learning, memory and mood. beta waves between 13 hz and 30 hz, similar to gamma, linked to an active and alert mind, improves mood and task performance alpha waves between 8 hz and 13 hz, indicate a relaxed and restful mind, can increase creativity theta waves between 4 hz and 8 hz, associated with drowsiness and meditation, reduced anxiety, relaxation delta waves between 0.5 hz and 4 hz, relaxation, deep sleep, dreaming there is a lot of stuff on youtube you can check out and listen to. i mostly listen to binaural beats in the beta range for sleeping, meditation and lucid dreaming. after 10 minutes you really feel like your are sinking deeper in your mind. these beats are often accompanies by music playing on top of them, which is sometimes really nice, but we have a created a some natural ambiences that feature binaural beats. if you want to check out our channel, you can do so here. we d love to get feedback on those as well. rain and thunder https youtu.be uayf lmz4bq https youtu.be uayf lmz4bq ocean and calm waves https youtu.be ufk1 nwtw8a https youtu.be ufk1 nwtw8a mount fuji https youtu.be gwy0tob0oge https youtu.be gwy0tob0oge thank you and good night
stress when working it's hard to explain, i'm guessing its some sort of stress, but i can't figure out how to get over it. a little background. before the beginning of covid lockdowns like right before i had a major breakdown and went into severe depression. my sister was about to go through a life saving organ transplant which went well , i had someone break up with me, i had 2 major career defining projects i was leading that weren't going well, and i was suffering from a torn labrum which stopped me from doing a hobby i loved. all of this happening in the span of about a week. it took me a long time to get out of my depression. i took medication, stopped worrying as much about having a great career, learned meditation and practiced it daily, found a new hobby, and tried enjoying life more over the span of the pandemic. i decided to make it a point to get away from my previous job as it caused me a major amount of stress. they overworked me, and the pay wasn't great for the amount of responsibilities put on my shoulders. it took me nearly 1.5 years to finally land a new job and leave that job behind. i have fantastic bosses at my new job, they pay me well and make sure that i'm compensated for my overtime whenever that is necessary which isn't often . the only complaint i have about my job is it's a bit boring and not very challenging or at least it shouldn't be . now here's my major problem. i'm falling behind on my work and not learning at the speed i use to when starting a new job. i'm having difficulties learning all the systems and parts even though most of my job is just surveying equipment, and designing simple parts and cable assemblies. every time i start on a new task or job, i start experiencing a dull stress and what i think is brain fog . it feels like the top of my brain just hardens, and i get a mild headache. over the day it drains me, but once i get off work i start quickly recovering. i use to thrive doing challenging work and continually learning new things in my field. now i just feel tired all the time. i'm tired of feeling like this. i've asked for more challenging tasks from my boss and i get them, but it doesn't help. i just want to feel unburdened again at work.
things are about to be bad i m 22 and graduating college soon. my fiance is somewhat physically disabled and i will be supporting her financially upon graduation. ngl, she s an emotional wreck right now with chronic insomnia, attachment anxiety, severe severe mood swings, anger issues, general anxiety, body dysmorphia, and depression just off the top of my head right now. i love her to death but it s hard to be with her. despite this, we are both very happy in our relationship. she makes me very happy and i love spending time with her. i ve been cooking and cleaning for the both of us every day and doing my college work. it s ok now, but in few months i m starting my job in finance, and although the compensation is fantastic, i will likely work 60 70 hours a week which is already considered low for my field. i need to work this job for my career objectives but also to provide for my fiance financially, pay her medical bills, and have enough left over to live comfortably. i stress over not being home enough to support my fiance emotionally. her depressive episodes are severe as it is. will she sink into further depression and isolation because i ll be at work? what happens when i get home at on my 70 hour work weeks and i don t have the energy to calm her anxiety at night? i stress over not being able to work the grueling hours needed to succeed in my position. if i do not, i can t make our rent, pay her medical bills, buy food for us, and be a provider. i can t actually tell her any of this either, it will absolutely devastate her to know that she is causing me so much mental stress. i know it will worsen her anxiety too. maybe i will when she is in better mental health. i m not a picture of mental health either. i was an alcoholic at 14 and a smoker at 15. i was bullied and rejected up till i came to college and got my shit together somewhat. luckily that s behind me now what if i m to weak to function well in my job? then i ll get fired, we ll get evicted, my fiance will suffer greatly, and i ll be jobless. i ve got 3 more months of purgatory before i m off to whatever circle of the inferno the rest of wall street is burning in i feel like i m having the crisis of a 30 year old at 22
emerging for a nervous break down. there is hope. the last two years have been incredibly stressful for me. i m a frontline healthcare worker who was dealing with the horrors of the pandemic on a daily basis. i took it all in stride and never saw what was coming my way. around mid jan about 10 weeks ago i started getting waves of exhaustion at work out of no where. i m talking the type of exhaustion where i was basically paralyzed and had to lay down. one time i laid down on the floor at work because i had no other choice. the next week, i started having random chest pains on top of the exhaustion. at one point i thought i was having a heart attack and almost when to the hospital. i went to the doctors thinking i was having cardiac issues but everything checked out. i felt better for a day or two week 3 is when the real nightmare started. i started having intense anxiety on top of the exhaustion . multiple panic attacks a week. i couldn t do anything without getting short of breath and my heart beating out of my chest. i was a complete mess at work and felt like i was going to collapse and die at any moment. sometimes i was so physically stressed out i would go to the bathroom and lay on the bathroom floor. it was nuts. i called my doctor back and told him what was going on. i was reluctant to start meds but he talked me in to it. said it doesn t need to be forever and i can t go on suffering like this. so i started a low dose ssri. i also started therapy, took a week off from work and am doing much more self care. like eating healthy and journaling. after about 6 weeks of hell, i m feeling much better. i still have some anxiety here and there but for the most part, have returned to my baseline. i was convinced i d never be the same again no matter what and i feel like it s a miracle that i m even functional now. therapy has also been a huge help even though i was skeptical. it helped me understand that even though i felt blindsided by all of this, it really was building under the surface for a long time. just wanted to say there is hope and don t give up. i never thought that would happen to me and when it did, it was shocking. but things can get better!
how can you reduce the stress in your life? we all experience stress in our lives, but sometimes it can become overwhelming. if you're feeling stressed out, there are some things you can do to reduce the amount of stress in your life. identify the source of your stress . one of the first steps to reducing stress is to identify the source of it. what is it that's causing you to feel stressed? once you know what it is, you can start to figure out ways to deal with it. make a plan . if you know what's causing your stress, make a plan to deal with it. if it's something you can't change, like a work deadline, make a plan to better manage your time so you don't feel so overwhelmed. if it's something that's causing you anxiety, like a fear of public speaking, make a plan to face your fear head on. take a break . when you're feeling stressed, sometimes the best thing you can do is take a break. step away from whatever is causing you stress and take some time for yourself. relax and rejuvenate and you'll be better equipped to deal with the stressor when you're feeling refreshed. talk to someone . if you're feeling stressed, talking to someone can be a great way to relieve some of the tension. talk to a friend, family member, therapist, or anyone who will listen and can offer support. just getting things off your chest can be a huge stress relief. eat healthy and sleep enough . a a healthy diet is also important for managing stress. be sure to include plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables, whole grains, and lean proteins in your diet. also, make sure to get enough sleep. when we re tired, we re more likely to feel stressed. aim for eight hours of sleep every night. exercise . exercise is a great way to reduce stress. not only does it help to release tension, but it also boosts endorphins, which can make you feel happier and more relaxed. practice relaxation techniques . consciously relax your body, through practices like progressive muscle relaxation, yoga, meditation, or simply taking some deep breaths. read more here in details 10 ways to cope with stress https www.livewelltalk.com 2020 08 10 ways to cope with stress.html
i'm burned out... what should i do? so, let me start by saying i'm 28 m, and i've been burned out for the last few years and just managing to get by. i work a full time 9 5 position got promoted end of last year , i'm studying part time in college straight as till this recent semester, 3 courses every semester , i'ma caretaker and i take care of storeruns bills necessities for my home, and i have a significant other that i'm going steady with. so, my job has gotten to become majorly overwhelming, but the salary's great for someone with no degree, and i'm very used to working with this employer and the work that we do however between an occasionally toxic environment and daily demands that i'm struggling to focus on due to my burnout , i fear for my job safety and am becoming miserable. this semester, i find myself having no energy to take on my schoolwork after the workday. i had no option for in person classes, and all of them are reading and or writing intensive, none of which makes it any better. as a result of these two alone, i've found myself too tired and stressed to desire nutritious foods, and have adopted poor eating habits... finally, i'm proud to take care of business for my home, and to have a loving and supportive partner... however, i'm really beginning to tire of the workload, and the result it's taking on my mental health. i do not want to fail, nor be fired, nor disappoint my loves ones... i know i'm worth it, and must take time for myself, but how? what does that truly mean? my breaks lately are watching a show while eating for a bit, or going to the market to shop for groceries... i haven't truly had a day off, and it's difficult to be ahead when you're working overtime at your 9 5 to catch up to the constant demands. to my partner, i don't wanna litter our relationship with complaints or my personal woes. i wanna be a hero, an example, and stable... what do i need to do to recharge and get back on track? thanks in advance! don't get it twisted. i'm venting, but beneath all of this is ambition and drive. hence why it angers me that i'm feeling the fuck it mentality damn near...
the relationship between stress and infertility some couples get pregnant easily while some do not despite trying for a long time. there could be multiple factors contributing to difficulty conceiving but of all of them, stress plays a significant role. stress does not directly cause infertility however it does impact the chances of conception by delaying it. infertility has become very common now and the factors contributing to it are multiple, ranging from physical causes, and dietary changes to even excessive use of gadgets. there is enough research to prove that stress can adversely affect a couple s chances of conception naturally or through medical procedures like ivf. so, what is the relationship between stress and infertility? the science behind stress and infertility when we are stressed, our brains release cortisol , a stress hormone that interferes with the signals between the brain and the ovaries, thus disrupting the ovarian cycle and the release of the ovarian eggs. in the case of men, sperm production and motility are impacted. apart from the body s response, stress contributes to behavior and mood changes too. there is a decrease in the desire and motivation to have sex. there is an increase in smoking or drinking alcohol in order to cope with stress which in turn causes trouble with conceiving. understand the vicious cycle stress and conception are highly connected. most often, couples who are trying to conceive become dejected when it takes a longer time. some find the medical procedures involved in the process to be taxing. for example, most couples going through ivf procedures are often stressed out. this in turn affects the biology and behavior of the couple, thereby creating a vicious cycle. stress management is thus necessary in order to break free from this cycle which in turn would help a couple conceive. managing stress some amount of stress is normal. however, if one is continuously anxious and hassled by circumstances around them, it will deeply impact conception. learn more https www.cadabamshospitals.com the relationship between stress and infertility
my physics class is wringing me out the more weeks go by, the more helpless i feel about this course. i hate the professor, i hate the lab partners, i hate the tas, i hate the activities and homework we have to do and i hate physics the most. i never had a sturdy foundation in physics anyways. the only reason i managed with physics in high school was because i memorized most of the solutions and most of the problems were similar to the other problems i practiced. besides, my tutor was good at helping me learn. i'm doing an introductory physics course this semester, and i feel so absolutely dumb. we're supposed to work in groups to complete activities and every week we are given a set of problems for homework. the professor adds a set of puzzles at the end of every assignment to supposedly promote logical thinking and spatial reasoning or whatever. the thing is i never really liked physics in the first place, but not i hate it. the labs are for two hours, i can't understand a single concept and the people in my group are so snide and rude about the fact that they understand the class and i can't. i remember asking for help about a homework problem to them on discord, and i would have been grateful if they had given me a few hints about how they solved that problem, but all they did was send the wrong answers and made a bunch of memes about how they trolled me. one of the guys is so arrogant about how he took ap physics and he knows all of the concepts and is so good at physics. meanwhile i can't even do a single problem independently. the professor also gives a bunch of puzzles like kenkens or spatial reasoning problems that i'm too dumb to do and i'm doing the worst in that class. it's just too much for me. aside from that course, i'm in computer science and while my other classes aren't as awful, they're also pretty difficult. plus, i have work study, and most of my work hours coincide with the office hours. i still have to take the course as a requirement and i feel like i'm going to fail. i get panic attacks every night thinking about it and i can't deal with it anymore.
don t want to grow up i don t want to grow up. the thought of becoming an adult is overwhelming. the cost of living has risen so much, do you seriously expect me to be able to fund myself, a home and bills with minimum wage? the pressure of needing to do well academically is stressful. i know im smart, but in regards to how smart i am in comparison to others my age. i feel i am nothing. im strong minded and driven but im not inherently a genius, nor do i have the skill set of one. i lack versatility, perseverance and self discipline. i give up easy and lose hope upon the slightest bit of failure . i do not have a large skill set and therefore rely too much of my strengths compromising and over performing to make up for my inability to do well at other skills. deep down i know the persistence to attend university is understandable but ultimately what does it leave me with? debt? stress? no guaranteed job salary to match my years of education? i genuinely worry i will become a useless adult. i have no doubt there s far more capable people than me who have more potential who would be a better fit into society. im currently young and beautiful but that will only get me so far. even now i have overwhelming waves of sadness that make me feel sick to my stomach. i can t imagine how ill deal with that as an adult. i indulge in self pity too much which in turns only makes me feel more pity for myself as it makes me hyper aware of my existence and how lost i am. though i am beautiful i feel that can only get me so far. my intellect feels inferior than those around me and i feel as if the best i will ever amount to is mediocrity. though im not an adult yet im already theorising what to do with my life if i fail at becoming an one. edit for people asking 16f, i have a job but it s just fast food. im strongest in fields such as the humanities in particularly history and politics, literature, visual arts and textiles. however my weaknesses are maths my head struggles to grasp anything that s not basic math , and most sciences however i am passing my psychology class which i like.
i have given up! i have lost all hope! my poor single parent has killed me! first post here. new to the gang. really in a cloudy space. bombarded with nonsense. my mother and sister recently made fun of me for eating leftovers. i mean i waited until everybody got their share of food, and waited until the food had to be thrown away before i ate the scraps that were left over. how dare you hassle me over food, and stale left overs at that. so now i don t eat! my sister clogs the shower with her hair and my mother asks me why the drain is clogged. she asked me what did i pour down the drain. like who the fuck pours shit down the shower drain? every time my sister clogs the shower my mother assumes i did it. so now i don t shower! haven t showered in months! recently my sister is cooking and spilled sauce and left meat all on the floor. my mother swore that it was me! she blamed me for days! she said that my sister wouldn t didn t do that! it wasn t until i showed her what was spilled was in the refrigerator still and was my sisters. so now i don t even use the kitchen! so, i don t eat my moms shitty food, use the kitchen, or use the bathroom because she mocks me, teases me, and blames me for stuff! my life used to be the shit. i was a million dollar ghostwriter on bad boy, rocafella, columbia and other labels. i did 5 years at a large university in ny, but i dropped out because my mom stole my tuition money my junior year i m trying to be cool and not spaz out and go through another psychosis. i m bored, i m lonely, i m dirty, i m poor, impoverished and consequently suicidal. like mtv cribs, i just wanted to bring you along for a day in my life. being a boy in a house full of grimy women. i had a 100 average my whole life and i turned out to be a bum. my mother couldn t even raise me to be a man. i feel pathetic! i did good all by myself, but now that my mother has ruined and sabotaged me enough, so, i m dead. sorry for the harsh language. i hope everyone gets home safely! any replies, recommendations, kind words, anything will be appreciated! and thanks again.
wondering if i m living in a coma 2 months ago i had a terrible fall resulting in a broken shoulder that hopefully will make a full recovery. nerve is bruised so it s a fairly useless arm at the moment. life has been strange being off work and at home. i can t drive for now. family has been visiting and helping drive me around for errands and appointments. most friends are settling down with a family, have moved, or are career focused etc. so i haven t seen anyone except a best friend. everything else has been distant communication like the odd text here and there when it s external of family and the best friend, that is . it s miraculous i didn t hit my head. in fact it kind of puzzles me, but i was blacked out drunk working on recovery now . it dawned on me that maybe my existence for the past 2 months has been in a coma. that i m in a hospital bed on life support surrounded by family experiences with family are my mind manifesting their conversations they have around me. everything is just a manifestation of my mind but i m actually in a coma. i m weirded out and there are several triggers that cause me to second guess myself. edit some of the triggers i mean include that groceries is symbolism for nutrients iv time, my parents visiting in life are just visiting me in a hospital, friends who i no longer speak with recently have actually said their good byes an ex lover i always thought about getting back together with finally blocked me out after 4 years i got disconnected. right now my friends and family are gone, family is on a trip at the moment. that may be symbolism that they too, have left. for now or ever i m unsure. i recently started talking a lot more with one of my brothers but were talking about old video games and nostalgia. everything i know about him in the present has sort of been static. that s one way to say it. things appear to progress but it turns out to be static no change happened that was perceived to be
hair turning white i'm so unbelievably fucking stressed out and want to vent right now since i can't scream and punch things i've never been so fucking financially and emotionally stressed out in my fucking life stuck on a night shift working 10 hours a day for pay way under what i deserve for my experience and schooling 2k in credit card debt due to stupid fucking bullshit coming out of nowhere and having to shell out money for it used up most of my tfsa because of stupid fucking covid hitting literally the same month of buying my first ever home and losing my good paying job due to the company using covid as a scapegoat and selling the company when in reality, the assholes fired all but 8 people and kept operations open girlfriend should be fiance but can't even spare 500 bucks for a decent engagement ring right now is stuck in workers comp hell because of a work injury. they didn't send her any fucking money for months then sent her a big lump sum of money, and now a month later claim they overpaid her a grand and she has to pay it back, leaving me to cover the house payments until she can afford to help again. seriously, wcb is a fucking joke with a bunch of dumbass monkeys working for them. stuck with a shitty car that has way too many problems for being bought brand new in 2018 and the dealership is just as shitty as wcb and actively try to fuck me over as all dealerships do my goddamn hair is turning white and i'm so full of just pure rage most of the time now that i get frequent migraines. anyone else want to just explode and go fucking crazy on a punching bag for hours straight all the time or is it just me? i know i should probably find a therapist, but even finding a family doctor right now has been a nightmare since i can't afford to fucking miss work and my old doctor left the damn province. at least it felt good to type this shit out and silently scream through this flurry of text. rage with me if you want
i have a laundry leash of problems i cant really talk to anyone about like the post says, i just have actual tangible problems i have to deal with day in and day out. the biggest problem is everyone involved in my life is some how apart of some of the problems so there is no one i can talk to all of it about. i hope that made sense, and if not it should after i explain it. ill just list them plainly we had to dig into savings and spend 5k on car repairs came home to my roomate screaming at his ex girlfriend so i got in the middle of it and told her she doesnt have to deal with him again. i had to kick him out and thought i was gunna have to fight him in a bathroom my wife is getting a series of mri to see if she will need brain surgery i take my grandfather for serious surgery oct 7th my mom is taking my other grandfather to get his other leg amputated an a month in a half my stepdad s business is only breaking even this year and my mom isn t handling it well so i cant really tell her about any of my problems i would tell my buddy about my problems but he is having major issues with his wife and will prob get divorced in 5 years so he isnt in a place to hear my bullshit i work for myself so my job is inherently stressful day in and day out. and now im here typing all this on reddit bc i havent slept in 2 days bc every time i go to lay down my brain does the math on bill i already know i have money for over and over again. tldr i have a lot of problems cant tell anyone about and just stressed out. its cool to ask me literally anything if anyone has actually read this. just figuring out what to do with the extra 8 hours i get a day now. my life isnt bad and we arent homeless or addicts or anything. just a lot of stuff outside my control i have to grind and deal with every day. i with i actually had interpersonal problems to deal with instead of this shit honestly. it would be a lot better to have heart ake right now
how do i get better? i am 18, from brazil, currently doing architecture. i have depression and anxiety, probably adhd too, but still need to do the tests again. i was taking medication since mamy years ago. got discharged at the begging of the year before starting college, had to get back at it again after starting the course. i took the same meds as before which i used for years, but my body didn't understand that i have already took then before and had some side effects that scared me and i stopped taking one of the meds. then after the end of my 1st semester i was looking worse with my depression, so my psychiatrist decided to give me adult depression meds... safe to say it backfire extraordinarily, i just turned 18, barely a month ago. went to other doctors and and the 1st side effect went away, but the adult medication gave me more and worse side effects, so again me psychiatrist suggested changing meds. my mom already had some bad impressions on the doctor so after they tried to change again with no wait to see if i'd get better, she told me to stop taking any meds altogether. i get why, my appetite is lower than usual and i am super sensible to climate and temperature, my intestines are hurting and my head aches everyday. so i am currently on the process of adapting. and a new college period stared when i was told to change meds for the 2nd time... i am barely keeping up again with whats being teached and although i got the handle of how college works, i am suffering. stuff that usually don't bother me or gove me so much work are really demanding me. i am not taking notes as i'd like or being able to concentrate in almost any task that is mildly difficult. am currently procrastinating the 36 pages and topics that range from a to z of architecture topics that i have to summarise and another 17 pages that i also will summarise, all for today untill 11 59 pm, currently the hour is 19 07...
college is too much well, it started in december when i was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, and that threw my life for a curve i did not see coming. i adapted really quickly and everyone tells me i m managing it so well, but that doesn t make me fee better or help me with my issues that i m struggling with. this new disease has affected my performance in school royally. attendance just hasn t really been an option for me when i feel sick from my blood sugar or have technical difficulties with my monitor or insulin pump. i ve also been having a lot of issues with my depression and anxiety. i ve been getting suicidal thoughts because i m in a place where i feel like i ll never be able to get out, and i ve started cutting myself, which is a habit i quit doing months ago. i can t really turn to my friends because they ve started treating me differently, much more distant, and when i ask about it, they just accuse me of being the distant one, but they constantly leave me behind, they don t talk to me when we re in groups, they ll lie to me so that i won t hang out with them i just don t feel like i m the problem. because of all of my health issues, i haven t been able to do as well in school, which is stressing me out because i don t want my gpa to plummet. i need the money from scholarships. what s worse is that these classes that are probably going to cost me thousands of dollars in the long run, wouldn t even be beneficial to me if i passed them with flying colors, because they aren t for my major and they won t even fill out a gen ed. i feel like i m drowning under pointless work and i just want it all to be erased. i just want to be able to get the support i need for my new diabetes and for my depression and anxiety and harmful thoughts. i don t want to feel like the only thing i can do about taking life s pummeling is to just cry and feel like a failure. does anyone have any advice?
is it shown that being exposed to extreme stress levels frequently, builds higher stress tolerance levels? i hope i'm not on the wrong subreddit for this question. kind of talking about like the quote, 'what doesn't kill you makes you stronger' or something like that. i'm not sure, but i feel like i don't cope with stress too well. i can manage to study for long hours without tears or anything, but that is in the past. i feel like these days i'm feeling the pressure. i have a feeling that if i fail a question or something like that i just start to contemplate my life even after the exam. even like i would get on the verge of tears if i didn't know something. like if i fail the exam, i don't have good grades, then i don't go to a good university, then i don't get a job or either i get a job with little pay, people make fun of me, etc. honestly makes me feel anxious, but even if i have coping techniques sometimes i still really wish i could just put myself into extremely stressful environments. but not like life threatening events, i just want to put myself under immense, crippling stress when i do everyday basic things like practicing an exam paper, or cleaning within a time limit . sometimes i feel that its necessary for me to just stress myself out 24 7, then after that i'll develop a good stress tolerance or something like that. i just really wished i were one of those people who are extremely good at managing stress, and never shed a tear in a very long time and i mean, years . to be honest, i know its sounds like i'm really self sabotaging, but no matter how much i really want to pressure myself to the extremes, i have a feeling it probably isn't right for me. but then again, there's people around me especially on the internet who study for hours, or work for many hours, and probably do well under pressure. just hope someone would answer this question for me.
everything has fallen on me and i'm stressed out i'm already spread thin and stressed to the max. my husband is out of town for two weeks for family reasons and i feel overwhelmed with everything. we also haven't been apart for more than a few days in 9 years. the last few says have been especially rough. i've been having to drive home in the middle of the day to let our dog out and and give her meds. we have opposite schedules so he usually does those things before he goes to work. i don't always find parking again when i get back from taking care of her either. we adopted another dog right before he left too which i was hesitant to do. in just 3 days he's already needed to go to the vet twice. once to look at his neuter incision and again later this week for what appears to be allergies or a virus. we have another dog who's been with us since before we got married. she's undergoing chemo treatment but is doing well. i worry about her catching something if he's sick. i've been sleeping on the couch the past few nights to keep him apart from her because she sleeps in our bedroom and he doesn't need to be jumping on the bed. he also wakes himself and me up multiple times a night because of his stuffy nose. on top of all that, i ran over a bunch of nails in the road and of course one got into my tire. i'm also struggling with school right now. i'm stressed and frustrated all around. my husband left to his dad's home country to bury him and spend two weeks with his family there. i'm glad he was able to go, but i feel bad that part of me is upset with him about leaving this long. i took on all the responsibilities we share plus extra so he could go. he hasn't even been gone a week yet. i don't know how i'm going to keep everything up until he gets back. my stress management techniques are poor. other than sleeping, there's nothing that helps me alleviate stress.
during work, a random stranger came up to me and told me everything is going to be alright... and i burst into tears... i'm a 22 female and my job is reporting and introducing new stores and foods on tv. it's creative and fun but because of the unstable income my mother doesn't support me. i knew that from the beginning but hoping to please and attempt to make her proud of my accomplishments she would just say why do i need to say i'm proud of you? you have to be proud of yourself it's been an ongoing toxic loop so i always distance myself or not contact her, however since last week she's been living with me and we have been bickering here and there. i don't let that get in the way with work though. anyway. today this random stranger during my break time came up to me and looked directly into my eyes and said you don't need to push yourself. it's okay. she kept holding my shoulders and gently rubbing them and i have no clue if this is hypnosis i know you have some family troubles right now but i can see there are good people behind you. really good people and little by little the weight in my shoulders started to get lighter. and it felt fuzzy. i had this feeling why does she know my family? can she read me? am i readable? is my aura out? i'm about to panic! then i just burst into tears and had to control myself to do the next reporting. it was such a confusing experience because she was smiley nice in her 50s lady. can someone tell me if she was a hypnotist or if she can see my soul or some angels or if she was just an empath that knew i was extremely stressed and wanted to let me know i was stressed. because later she was motioning to her friend her shoulders like letting her know my shoulders were super tight or scrunched up. i don't know... it was such a coincidence. and a strange encounter that i had to write about this experience as my first post.
stress at work making me physically ill i work at an engineering firm that surveys underground utilities and drain systems. i started work last july and it has been a never ending stream of all consuming stress and anxiety for me. it feels like i can t escape from work and it never ends, and it feels like no matter how hard i try my work always gets thrown back at me with my boss telling me it s horribly wrong and that i had no idea what i was doing. it s not like i don t ask him for help either, he will review my work and offer revisions, only to go back and find new instances that he didn t mention before. if all i had to do was draft i d be okay with that. but because the company is so small everyone does every project on their own start to finish, from proposal to cost estimate to survey to drafting to finish. all i know how to do is draft, and because everyone has been so busy i haven t been able to learn the other skills. i ve also been given another near impossible task that i have been trying to teach myself how to do, but i also haven t even had time in my work day to do that. even my coworkers are all older than me by a significant margin, and have been in this business for quite some time. they live to work, and i don t have anything in common in which forms camaraderie. literally the only thing keeping me here is the pay. which is very good, but i cant live like this. i feel exhausted and broken when i get home. i feel like i can t do anything after. i sit at my desk literally watching my hair fall out and feeling like i am sick from dealing with this. is this just what adult life and and adult job is? i don t feel like i m cut out for this, i can t believe i m going to reddit to vent, and i need help. tldr almost every facet of my engineering job is stressing me out and i don t know what to do.
burnout? i think i may have burnout. this past semester, i ve been juggling a lot more than i m typically used too with 5 classes, a remote practicum and two additional jobs. i also have a horse i am responsible for and feel guilty i haven t had the time to spend with him that he deserves though he is well taken care of at a boarding facility . my practicum, in specific, has been a great deal of stress for me. long story, but basically i was convinced to go into an area i have relatively little knowledge about and contrary to what i was told, discovered there was little to any support and structure. i m a bit of a perfectionist so not knowing what to do has caused me great anxiety. both my jobs can also be fast paced and stressful, so i don t get much of a break from the stress. in the past two months, my norm has been anxiety driven heart palpitations or absolute exhaustion. it has only gotten worse with time. i broke up with my bf in jan due to having little time and besides him, all my friends have moved away. the only nearby support i really have is my parents. i love my mother, but she does not understand this kind of of mental burnout. i go to her because she has been a great sense of comfort over the years, but when i try and explain my burnout, she starts yelling and thinks i haven t been working hard due to being in my room all day misconception with remote learning, thinking computer surfing the net and otherwise being tired. ultimately, this just makes me more stressed and the cycle continues. i really don t know what to do at this point. i can t afford counselling and last i checked, the university farmed their counselling services out so that they are nearly inaccessible now though this may have changed with regulations relaxing, so i will look into it . any other suggestions?
anyone else lose the ability to have emotions and feelings as physical sensations in the body? all sensations of feeling and emotion is gone from my body. i dont feel numb, i feel dead. my brain also feels non responsive and i am only on autopilot. my body feels like stone. too light. nothing dragging it down causing a heavy feeling making it be my own. my arms feels so strange. it feels like i am not in my body. it is so mechanical. i dont sleep because i dont feel sleepy. i never feel calm in my body, just an unnerving neutral and restless feeling. i want to feel, but there is nothing in my body. when i am sad and angry i just know, because there is nothing in my body. no surge of rage and no pain in my chest. when i lay down under my covers, i dont get a familiar calm and warm, heavy feeling in my body. it is still hard as stone on the inside. also i dont feel hunger. and never sleepy in my head. i also dont feel confused in my head or get a foggy feeling. even though i know that is what i am. i also never get a feeling associated with a place or memory. when i think of a memory i get no spontanious emotion connected to it. like sitting on the terrace with a nice cup of tee, early morning walks, sitting down on the couch after a hard day of work. never get these feelings in my body. also the feelifn of autimn, friday, christmas. all gone. cant even remember them in my mind because i cant feel with my brain. all emotions are purely mental. sometimes my brain is so numb though it does not respond to any stimulus. and i have this constant unsatisfactory feeling because nothing makes me feel. all i have left is stress in my body. nothing else. this bad restlessness i cant get out of. it feels like so bad! anyone else experience this and get emotions back in the body?
feeling a bit out of mind and at 95 ish of my cognitive capabilities, blood tests okay, anyone experienced this? ok so i know reddit is not the best place for medical advice but i also want some strangers' opinions. i've never experienced stress anxiety problems, even under pressure with uni work, but i put a lot of pressure on myself in many other aspects of my life and a couple of years ago i started getting a bit of shortness of breath, checked with the doctor in case it was asthma but it was alright and with time i realised when this happened it was because of stress which made it way better and i rarely get those flare ups anymore, so that's cool. last month i was under a lot of stress and for some days i started feeling light headed and a bit dizzy. the best way to describe this would be slightly out of mind i feel like my cognitive capabilities are at 90 95 of the usual cloudy head, like what i would experience being slightly drunk not a lot i went to the doctor really worried and got a blood test and stuff and they said i was healthy and probably was stress. but the thing is it's been a month like this already, sometimes i feel great although not as a month ago , specially when doing stuff that makes me forget about this ie videogames, series... others i feel like shit, does anyone experience something similar and if so any recommendations? i'm also a bit worried because the first day i really experienced this i did a pretty intense session of cardio had been doing a lot during those weeks on top of the stress from uni so i am slightly worried it is actually something body related even if the tests came out okay, going for chill walks doesn't seem to be helping probably because i'm overthinking this all the time. thanks
videogame burnout part of me feels like this is a silly thing to be stressed about but the effect it has on me is very real and makes me feel terrible. i've been a gamer for 30 years. when i was a kid we had much less to choose from so playing the same videogame over and over wasn't a problem... these days we have tens of thousands to choose from and i own well over 1000 of them. this is my only major hobby, by the way, which is a problem in and of itself. i used to wake up and immediately starting playing something to keep away the feeling of dread in my life because i suffer from depression and anxiety. games have been my only escape from that nightmare for many years. i'm finding now that i can't seem to find interest in them anymore. i have hundreds of games i've not even completed and i want to finish them but the motivation just isn't there. i will seriously stress myself out flipping through all of what i own trying to find one that catches my attention and nothing ever sticks out. i never had this issue 5 years ago but now i'll juat gwt frustrated, panic, and sit at home on my day off doing nothing because my one hobby seems useless to me now. i dont even know how to engage in other activities because i've been on the same pattern for so long. i really juat want to be able to focus and enjoy gaming again. this all sounds seriously dumb when i wrote it down, i almost don't want to post this because it feels that stupid but it genuinely makes me miserable. all i do is work and sit at home being bored and boredom is literally killing me. without the motivation to engage in activities i become consumed by stress and depression. what can i do to find the motivation again? i'm going to go in circles until i die.
anyone figured out stress yet? i'm a mid 30's man with a somewhat stressful job and feels like i can't keep stress under control. i have high bp and just the smallest thing sends me into a spiral. i try everything, meditation, exercise have lost 50 pounds so far , yoga, eating healthy. i go to the doctor and i get that sense of impending doom and my bp goes through the roof. i feel 100 fine in the moment, i am chill and relaxed as a cucumber, but i think subconsciously my body is freaking out? i assume this is stress. i know white coat syndrome is real, but when i go in the dr's office it happens without fail. and of course my bp reading is high. i just wish i could control my mind lol. my dr. did tests to see if my cortisol levels are off, and they are perfect. bloodwork is perfect.they did mri's of my heart, probably a half dozen other tests to check if my heart is okay, and it is. which tells me this is likely stress related bp. i am doing so well health wise, and with the weight loss i thought i'd see more progress in stress relief, but it is still happening and my bp still spikes due to stress. it's like my body is triggered ridiculously by it, and i wish there was a magic button to fix it. is there anything you all do that maybe i could try that i am not trying? i have googled my a off trying to find the solutions, but i feel they just say to manage stress and it's not that easy for some of us. i go for 1 2 walks a day, i exercise, i eat healthy and try to avoid inflammatory foods. i have been sleeping well, at least my fitness tracker says so. i do not know what else i could possibly do but i am hoping i can find that thing that works for me. thank you all.
stress relief in making things so last year, i went to a diner with my gf and i had myself a cappuccino for the first time. i've never tasted anything so delicious and i made it a goal to learn how to go about making one. after christmas, i got myself an espresso machine. it would be a few months before i used it lack of space where i live but i finally got it set up back in november. my first drink, well... i never used a steam wand before. i watched some youtube videos, my second cup was exactly like what i had at that diner. now i make about 3 cups a week or so usually to keep warm more than anything and it's expanding to where i got a coffee grinder so i'm not restricted by grind. if i want whole beans, i can work with them now. if i'm unsure what grind the bag i have is, pour some in the grinder to make sure. was it expensive? well, getting everything together was about 260. with all the payment apps out there, it's affordable. you can make tons of stuff too. lattes, mochas, i'll make hot chocolate with this thing. and i love it. if i have guests, i always offer to make them something. i found zen in the process, satisfaction in these product, and a desire to expand on what i know. it really makes me feel better knowing i can make something that not only i can enjoy, but friends and family can as well. my advice? learn a craft that you enjoy. if you like painting or even coloring, there's plenty of resources. if you like writing, maybe get a voice recorder for story ideas that pop up and expand on that for a bit. if you like food, all kinds of classes out there. but all in all, make something for you first.
subconscious stress i feel so relieved,free and light after taking a break for about 3 4 days from my daily college routine.i actually went home and enjoyed a lot.but now i realise that i have not felt like this for quite a long time especially since my 2nd proff in med school started.i felt like this after my 1st proff university exams were over and i used to feel like this when i was in my 11th and 12th grade.i guess there is a constant stress or anxiety going on in my subconscious mind that i am not able to feel on a day to day basis as i am very much used to it.also i have lost taste in so many things.things do not fascinate me as much as they used to.even on mobile earlier i could watch from anything to everything and still enjoy.but after med school i do not find anything that much interesting.it may be underlying depression or it may be because i am overworking myself as i am going to library now a days.but also that may not be the case as i started going to library few days back only and i feel this problem has started from a long ago when i got into med school.still if i think its because of overworking i just cannot cut it loose as in med school they teach at the speed of rocket as due to covid lag our sessions are cut short and still i am not able to cover it all.so doing even less will make me suffer in the long run. so what to do? should i start studying with better techniques in order to cut short the time it takes?if so suggest some awesome study techniques. what to do for underlying stress?should i try meditation? what exactly it is and how to always feel calm,light,free,relieved and pleasant?
my old best friend hates me and i don t know why this all started last august. she has a boyfriend that i didn t mind at first then he started saying the n word and plenty of other slurs all the time he is white btw . she hated this but stayed w him. he always bullied me and was so disrespectful to me and my house. one time even made fun of my small breasts in front of her and she didn t care. she usually took his side and would even leave us hanging out randomly to be w him last august for my birthday i went camping and i asked if she wanted to go. she asked if her bf could go and i said my friends the ones camping w me didn t really know him and i don t like how he says so many slurs. she got upset w me but then we were fine. she started ghosting me and we stopped hanging out even though i kept trying to reach out. in december i texted her saying i missed her and wanted to hangout. she was ignoring me for a whole day. i thought maybe she got a new phone number so i asked my bf to text her. she blocked him. it took me to tell her that this situation was ridiculous for her to respond and to tell me she s too stressed to be around ppl bc she s starting school i don t think she s going to college rn. today i texted her saying i wanted to talk and realized i made her upset and wanted to apologize. i noticed she blocked me so i asked her friend if she could unblock me and she did. my old bsf responded with to her friend to tell me sorry about that . i don t know what i did to make her hate me so much. it hurts so bad and i ve been crying all day. we were best friends for years and were so close.
can you be deeply in love with 2 people at the same time? so there's this guy. an ex ss officer. he fell in love with a jewish prisoner in auschwitz and had a relationship with her. after the war he tried to contact her to be with him, but she wanted nothing more to do with him, so he started a new life, family, got married . he had this one picture ofher in her auschwitz prisoner uniform , and he used to cut out her head and put her on another clothing, away from auschwitz. he used to do this for the most of his life the filmaker says it was a way for him to imagine an alternative life they could have had .he copied the picture and kept it in his wallet until the day he died. so when his daughter was 16 she said her father told her about this jewish girl, and that he never ever in his life felt true love like that. he even gave his daughter a locket with a picture of him and his ex jewish girlfriend, not her mother. his daughter said it was odd, and she also said that this jewish girl was the love of his life in a documentary, there was a documentary made about them . so the filmmaker which is close to both his and jewish girls families said that the ss officer was deeply and truly in love in this jewish girl, till the day he died. his wife also knew about his ex.so in 1972 he had to go to the court because of his war crimes against humanity, and his ex jewish girlfriend was a witness,when he saw her after 30 years of no contact he started to cry. does that mean even while married to his wife he loved his ex girlfriend more? does that mean that he would maybe leave his wife for her?
i am super stressed because my reputation at work has taken a huge hit and it's affecting my work i graduated with a masters degree and joined my place of work exactly a year ago. this is the first job of my life and that made it little difficult for me to get a hang of the corporate life. however, since i have a master's degree, the expectations were high. i made a lot of mistakes last year, one of which was that i didn't pursue good development work aggressively. whenever a senior told me that they can not trust me with development work right now, i accepted it and hoped that they will see my efforts. the concerns of my senior was that i won't be able to understand development task by myself and even if someone explained it to me, i won't complete it before deadline because of my lack of skills. and because of this, a perception has been created in everyone's mind that i miss deadlines and that i only complete basic tasks. since start of 2022, i have been trying my best to change the perception. i am taking on more tasks as well as completing them on time. however, if i make a single mistake, the views of my senior and manager changes to me being undependable. i am being micromanaged because no one trusts me that i can complete the work on time. and that's not it. i have also been given a warning of being put on improvement required. i am very very stressed. i don't know how things have gone so wrong in just 1 year. i am trying very hard to prove myself, but all my efforts are going to waste. plus this stress is now affecting the quality of my work. please help me out
how do i stop losing track of all the things i have to do? this week i missed my appointment with a doctor. i had it noted in my planner. on the same day but also the day before. and still i managed to forget and miss it. i know this happened because there are just so many things on my planner and in my head, that i can't keep track and get it all done anymore. but i don't have a job, i don't study, i don't workout, i don't do any unnecessary things, i'm only trying to survive and work on my health, and my daily life is still too much stress. if i was still in uni with all that homework, i would be dead rn. what stresses me out? no big things, but alot of small things, combined with my extremely low energy. for example i have alot of emotional stress because of my mental issues, being unhappy with my life, friendships not going well, gf broke up with me a year ago and still not over it. so that was emotional stress, now i'm also stressed out because i have so many things to get done while not having energy for it. for example making therapist appointments, doctors too, fixing my phone, changing my email on accounts, calling back the hospital, trying to fix my bedtime, all those tiny things that can't be avoided, they still stress me out, i only gave a few examples here but my days are full of many tiny tasks that i have to get done, but i dont have energy, motivation, i can't keep track of my shit. i forget about everything even if it was noted in my phone which i check multiple times a day. and if i dont forget im either too tired or not motivated to get shit done.
stress and high blood pressure since i was a teen i have been dealing with stress due to childhood trauma and i was trying to tell myself that these things were ok. because of this i have developed high blood pressure from a very young age that is triggered every time i'm angry or stressed. my pressure readings are to me dangerously high at times just this week it hit 165 105 88 and then 159 119 88 30 mins later. i had to go to the dr and take about 5 tablets to get it down. i'm fairly healthy in terms of weight and diet. i'm a perfect weight and drink a lot of water and juice a lot of fruits and vegetables. i don't smoke and i'm a very casual drinker. my hbp is clearly stressed oriented. just recently my mom decided to vacate me and my siblings because my dad tried to sexually assault my sister and we defended her. for some weird reason my mom took my dad's side. to add to that my girlfriend has not really been faithful in the past and since then things were never the same. i'm battling these things from multiple sides. i'm a strong believer in god although i must admit i could do a better job in seeking the father. i just don't know what to do. my chest pains are getting stronger and more painful. every time i go into the dr they just medicate me and send me home. i have done all the test in the past , echo, stress test, ecg, i carried home the device they hook up to you for two days and everything always comes back perfect except for my last ecg which showed small enlargement of my heart. my thyroid and kidney test is also perfect. i just don't know anymore .
nobody listens to me hello there, i am very tired of having people not be interested in what i have to say. my whole family is just so annoying. for example today i was trying to talk about something really important to me with my mother, it meant a lot to me because i don t normally open up. my mother after hearing this went mm, okay, and then went on her phone. we were in the car so i held back tears the entire drive home and when i finally got to my room and cried my eyes out. this has happened a lot as my mother is not a very emotional person. whenever i open up i think that maybe she will react nicely but this one was the last straw. the fact that she couldn t even say anything back to me about this thing was appalling and it broke my heart. another person who is frustrating is my brother. i could listen to him talk about video games for four hours straight and have a great conversation but the moment i mention something i want to talk about he goes on his phone and ignores me. don t get me wrong he is way better than my mother but still really disappointing. i have always been taught to hold it in and never speak about my feelings and it really sucks. i really want goo friends where they don t mind that i am not very expressive, or they will listen when i am stressed and will let me cry on their shoulder and vise versa. i wanna be able to talk about stuff that i enjoy and people actually be interested in what i have to say. anyways, i am never going to talk about anything with my family ever again and one day i will have a real family. see ya!
stress controls my life! hey guys! i'm a twenty one year old student that is currently drowning in the stress that is coming from my college course and my new part time job. my job is causing me an unreal amount of anxiety, to the point where i have to hide in the basement sometimes so i can calm down. i work for a second hand shop for games, dvds, consoles, and devices like phones and laptops, i started working here about a month ago and from my first day i realised that i was really going to struggle here. it's a team of about 25 people and nearly all of them are moody pricks that haven't even introduced themselves to me yet! when i ask them a question they give me a look as if i've just murdered their pets. i try to be nice, and i try to keep a positive outlook, but these people are majorly draining my energy and fuelling my anxiety. the customers are even worse! i've been called homophobic slurs, had games and dvds tossed at my head and have had my life threatened by these people. i haven't been trained properly either. i got thrown on the tills with about two minutes explanation of how they work! my till has been down in cash about four times, due to my crappy training and yet somehow this is my fault maybe it is, but i'm putting this down to crappy training. i can't afford to leave this job, i seriously can't. but i also can't stand being there any more. the job market in scotland is awful at the moment and virtually no companies hiring right now. please, give me some advice before i start screaming every time i think about my work.
repost the effectiveness of a 4 week online mindfulness program for depression, anxiety, and stress hello! i am a graduate student researcher from the university of colorado at colorado springs uccs studying the helpfulness of a 4 week online mindfulness treatment for depression, anxiety, and stress in adults aged 18 years and older for my master's thesis. participation will involve completing online surveys and learning and practicing mindfulness exercises introduced in the online intervention program. after completion of the program, participants will be entered to win a 25 amazon gift card . approximately 1.5 hours of your time each week is required. all in all, through this study, i hope to better illuminate the effects of brief mindfulness programs in both younger and older adults, along with promoting awareness and future research for these types of programs! note due to the nature of this study, i cannot post the survey links directly to reddit. surveys will be sent via the email below. in order to participate you must be 18 30 or 50 years of age have access to the internet and email be willing to answer questions about your mood and memory not have prior experience with mindfulness meditation not currently be receiving therapy if you would like to participate or have any questions, please email payton downey at pdowney uccs.edu mailto pdowney uccs.edu . if you don't believe you qualify to participate, please feel free to share this information with other people who might be able to participate. thank you and have a wonderful day!
whats my cause of stress? thinking bout seeing the doc just to get myself checked out. could be old age or poor lifestyle habits but i recently had a panic ? stress moment that lasted for at least 5minutes until a problem was solved background info only experienced 2 3 occurrences where i found my legs specifically shaking due to nervousness. these experiences are spread very very far apart. 1st time over 10yrs ago fairly minor was just nervous about a new environment amp people. 2nd time was last june 2022 was falling behind online class, thought i couldn t get set up this program until teacher helped lol and i think this was the main cause of stress fear of being unable to catch up? lost? also deep slow breathing didn t work here. how to manage lmao most recent was few days ago, no leg shaking but just like the 2nd time can t really think straight, brain wasn t calming down even though i was breathing normally. again it was a school related thing, had an it issue i couldn t fix, couldnt login to join lecture that was ongoing at the time. feared missing out important content until i remembered i can watch the recording later but didn t really get rid of that unpleasant rushed feeling and anxiousness that i need to get this login resolved. only until i got connected with the school it helpdesk that i felt completely fine again i seldom get nervous in job interviews but what is this??? not sure why my body reacting like this if it s just fear of falling behind missing out pretty sure there s a correlation between 2 amp 3 any insights?
do my symptoms mean stress? i am stressed, dealing with some big changes in my business, and possibly closing up shop. i started this business when i was 19, now 32, its been my whole life. however i've never experienced symptoms this extreme before. usually i just get tension in my neck from stress. after a process of elimination i am now starting to consider it may be stress. i'm not myself lately. the frustrating part is these symptoms have been going on 3 weeks now and i can't figure it out. my biggest symptom is extreme fatigue both physical and mental despite sleeping more. i can't clench my fists as hard as usual to give you a scale. i sleep more than normal lately and wake up very tired. easily startled . i guess this means for some reason my guard is up. i'm very hungry the sensation to eat is still there despite after eating a meal and my stomach being full. disorientation this one is hard to explain. in groups of people i get confused if they are looking at me or the person next to me. when i went out dancing and spinned i had a hard time not stumbling. mental fog i'm spacey irritable i just feel like i've got bad vibes right now. in situations i should be good spirited and i irritated easy. a little inconvenience will feel like a huge problem. headaches i usually wake up with a headache. low motivation i love to workout but i've been skipping days. very uncharacteristic of me. days i do go i force myself. i'll procrastinate small easy projects. weakness. dreaming more. could these by symptoms of extreme stress?
constant stress and anxiety i constantly feel on the verge of an anxiety attack and nothing seems to calm me down. my brother passed away in feb so our mother and i are struggling financially. we may not get the life insurance and that has me really anxious. i have mental conditions that prevent me from working but no one takes me seriously. i am going to visit my bf this summer and should be happy and excited, but instead i am stressed out that he has to pay for the entire trip himself and i am afraid his job won't pay much. i dunno how to get me and mom moved somewhere better. we rarely have transportation. i can fill out paperwork for housing but dunno how to go turn it in. my bf keeps trying to give plasma to make some extra money every month but every time he goes his temperature is too high. he will be 98.6 before he leaves then jump up to 100 by the time he gets there, then go back down when he gets home. thats stressing me out cause that money could help us move in together sooner. i just feel so much dread. like everything is going to go wrong and it started after my brother passed away. last night i sorta calmed down a bit but i still feal dread in the pit of my stomach and my chest feels like i am anxious. i have an anxiety disorder i am on medication for but its just not helping to calm me down. i've told my psychologist about it and don't remember if he suggested anything or not. i was kinda focused on finding out what else was wrong with me cause i suspect dpd. i dunno. i'm just rambling to get it all out.
i have fried my nervous system! how to get back sensitivity? cant feel anything, not even myself sorry for posting so much, but i feel like my actual soul and presence is gone from my body. like literally just burned away. i feel i have emotional numbness, like actual numbness. i have emotions mentally some times, but my body and brain is like physically numb so i cant feel them. i sometimes get hints of emotions in my body, but it is also distant and numb. and i cant feel it. my body is just a body, and i am just a mental voice. there is no presence or life anymore. i have no emotion or feeling of anything. all feelings left, and the last to go was the feeling of myself. music and food and the sun and my friends. all gone and no feeling. how can i feel music if i cant even feel myself. no desires, or motivation or sadness or love. just nothingness. i had a physical feeling that my brain was empty, like a physical feeling of a room inside my head, like my brain like you can physically feel your brain is empty. this feeling is also gone. i cant feel my brain. mine went away, and now i dont have much in my head of thougts emotions and feelings. my memory is complete crap. i live life in this strange 2d without any feeling or emotion. i dont know if a constant state of hyperarousal and ocd might have fried my brain. also bad reaction to b12! i think my nervous system is severly desensetized!! how can i make it more sensitive again? anyone else experience this and get better? like they cant even feel themselves?
thoughts on overwhelming stress i am sure many of us are caught in chaos right now. i defenitely am. for me stress went so far that my body shut down completely. now it feels like someone who is swimming, then cought in a storm, and here and there grsaps for air before being pulled under the waves again. but boy, if we just could stay longer above the waves. inmidst that chaos there is still beauty in the sky, the stars, clouds and colors. i am sure that any one of us will be able to float for a minute in the future and enjoy the view. the chaos will likely still be there, but its not too big. its just, yeah natural chaos itself. chaos can be hard... who do i lie to.. it is fu ckn hard. it is hell. but eventually, if we just listen to our bodies enough, everyone will get a level of calmness that wasnt there before. i truly believe that. i ran away too often. too often i didn't want to feel that huge burning pile of hell. everyday again i have to remind myself that looking at it will be better for me in the long term... which is of course even more stressful in the beginning. but i think the only way to 'heal'. i want to wish everyone out there a few seconds of calmness and soothing thoughts. that everyone will eventually be able to just float in the water look up in the sky and enjoy looking. not worrying about getting enough air and fighting for ones life... we ve done that enough. maybe i am a bit romantic right now, but the metaphor i just pictured helped me to relax a bit and maybe it helps you aswell.
do you think you can be stressed anxious and not notice? i'm talking more in a chronic sense. i've had anxiety for about 12 years now. past 8 months have been the worst in my life, second only to being abused as a kid. i started having panic attacks that woke me up in the night for no reason, like this was before the hell time and then got diagnosed with gerd within the same month. developed hypochondria. had to move to a massive uni to get the degree i wanted, but i was sick and exhausted and working and struggled to make friends. so im alone all the time. and there's always something that's wrong. i had low grade good poisoning for weeks because i didn't notice a fridge issue. i got an ear infection. i still have pretty persistent vertigo, though it was getting better until i got a cold during my finals, of all times. and that's not factoring in the handful of deeply personal shit thats happened that i'm not going to blast all over the internet. i'm seeing a therapist. i'm not on medication because it scares me, and my psychiatrist agreed that it wasn't for the best, at least right now. i've developed fun little heart palpitations. they're terrifying. i'm wondering if im under such a high level of stress all the time that it's begun to just feel normal. like i dont know what to do to calm down and relieve stress because to me, a good day is a day where i avoid a breakdown. i'd ask my therapist but im on holiday and can't see her until january. i'll probably ask her anyways but still.
nervous about my final exam for this class i m a non traditional college student who went back to community college in 2020. i started off taking algebra 2, then precalculus, then trigonometry, and now i m in differential calculus. i ve gotten straight a s in all my completed math courses as well as a s in non math courses 1 b in an english class and i really need to maintain my gpa since i really want to get into a top bsn program in my country. that program requires taking a lot of prerequisites that are stem heavy organic chemistry, calculus . the reason why i want to make this my goal is because growing up, i ve always been told i was mediocre and dumb by people in my family as well as outsiders. i also see my parents getting older each day and it pains me in my heart to realize that i m consider a failure in their eyes. so far i have a 97.78 in my calc class but finals is in 12 days and i know nothing about the last chapter of my calculus class this current professor does not teach at all compared to my past math professors so i always just end up watching youtube videos and asking redditors on the math subreddit. the thing is i m feeling extreme procrastination at this point and i just want this class to be over because the professor is so terrible. my issue is that i want to maintain an a but since my finals is literally 30 of my grade i am scared that i won t have an a anymore if i bomb it. are there any tips y all can give me to not stress so much and to stop procrastination?
done. nobody is gonna respond to this anyway so .. lol whatever. i m 27 and have 12 siblings, im in school and i live with 10 people right now. i m disrespected, not listened to, taken advantage of. i do my laundry on my laundry days and my siblings go into my personal affairs, im missing clothing and people constantly go into my room i ve been done for a minute and ive checked out mentally because of it. i am grateful i have a job. but i dislike it i work at cvs part time and its hell, true definition! i have to do everything because they won t hire more people. not to mention the awful customers. i try to stay positive, god knows i do but i want to be on my own so bad. i can t! everything is expensive 1200 !!! and im still in school, i can t move too far because of the commute. but at home it s always bickering, yelling, poop in the toilets bc people won t flush, dirty house.. im so sad about this and it s causing me to turn into a depressive episode. idk what to do. i love myself enough to not harm myself but i hate the feeling of being stuck and stressed and disrespected! i know the past doesn t exist but i wish i could ve went to school earlier and rebelled against my father and went to culinary school anyway!!!! my room is a cluttered mess because i cannot put my things upstairs because my siblings get into it so my pots and pans and even food is my room like im over it!!! edit yk what i came here looking for help or another insight but y all are just rude so never mind.
stress hives from work. i want to preface this post with that in theory i love my job. back in august i found a job that i actually enjoy doing, but my coworkers are stressing me out so horribly that i have allergic reaction like hives on the right side of my face and neck. i work at a gym in the daycare center and as of late we ve been getting an influx of gym members, which in turn means more children. at my gym we have two different rooms for childcare. we have a childcare room for toddlers where i work and then we have kids club for elementary school age kids. there is more than the age difference between the two rooms. kids club is a much larger room and has more mature toys such as monster high dolls, jenga, and a giant connect four. this room is better equipped for a larger group of kids. the other room is basically a glorified supply closet which is perfect for small children. now we got that out of the way i can get to why i m here between these two room there is supposed to be two people working, one in child care and one in kid s club, but as of late i ve been the only person scheduled for any form of daycare. it s been extremely difficult to manage the toddlers and making sure the older kids are okay. i ve been stressing so hard about making sure everyone is safe and enjoying themselves while i have 3 toddlers crying to be picked up and now i have two special needs children now. the right side of my face and neck is breaking out in hives. i need a new job.
repost the effectiveness of a 4 week online mindfulness program for depression, anxiety, and stress hello! i am a graduate student researcher from the university of colorado at colorado springs uccs studying the helpfulness of a 4 week online mindfulness treatment for depression, anxiety, and stress in adults aged 18 years and older for my master's thesis. participation will involve completing online surveys and learning and practicing mindfulness exercises introduced in the online intervention program. after completion of the program, participants will be entered to win a 25 amazon gift card . approximately 1.5 hours of your time each week is required. all in all, through this study, i hope to better illuminate the effects of brief mindfulness programs in both younger and older adults, along with promoting awareness and future research for these types of programs! note due to the nature of this study, i cannot post the survey links directly to reddit. surveys will be sent via the email below. in order to participate you must be 18 30 or 50 years of age have access to the internet and email be willing to answer questions about your mood and memory if you would like to participate or have any questions, please email payton downey at pdowney uccs.edu mailto pdowney uccs.edu . if you don't believe you qualify or do not wish to participate, please feel free to share this information with other people who might be able to participate. thank you and have a wonderful day!
i really hate myself rn i just lost probably one of the best and closest friends ive ever had. idk what i did wrong, she told me that i was being strong on her idk wut that means being hard on her or pushing it to far? and she says that some of my jokes make her feel uncomfortable. i got mad and said if u don't wanna be friends anymore then that's fine goodbye. i really wish i didn't say that cuz then she blocked me on insta, snap, and twitter, and even my number. i reached out to another friend to ask her why she did that. the response i got was that my friend just wants to be left alone. idk if that means she doesn't wanna talk to me anymore or if she just wants to have a lil space for a while idk? what makes me more anxious is that we both work at the same place and that's how we meet and became close friends. before all this, she really liked talking to me and she thought of me as like a best friend that she's known for years even tho we only known each other for like 2 years now, and she really gets my humor and i think of her as like a big sister figure to me, she always askes me if im feeling down when i am. i tried reaching out to my other friends to help calm me down and try my best to forget about what happened but nothing worked. my friends and other people just say people come and go but it doesn't help or work. i just want my friend back and i wanna talk to her again before all of this happened. i don't even know
i am so stressed out over everything in my life venting as the title says i am stressed about everything in my life right now, so first off i work full time 50 hrs a week on average , i am a full time college student, i was recently kicked out and threatened to be taken to court by my own mother, my car is in the shop and has been since september luckily i finally was able to get a loaner vehicle from the shop , i really hate my job and have been applying to other places trying to make career change from security to it with no luck so far, i am currently living paycheck to paycheck and can t afford to live on my own i have no friends or anyone else i can get a place together with , my life has become auto pilot recently go to work, come home, do school work, repeat the next day and all this stress has already taken it s toll on me as i recently became very sick, i had a fever of 104, and i was diagnosed with colitis in the er, i was severely dehydrated to the point where my kidneys were on the verge of shutting down and i had lost so much blood that i had to receive a unit of blood as well. i just don t know what to do anymore, i feel like giving up because all this stress is more than one person can handle, i am not suicidal but i just feel like giving up because i just don t know what to do, i have no one to truly talk to, i have no friends so i m forced to just deal with the massive amounts of stress myself
missing a week of college due to illness on friday, i woke up with a fever and was tested for covid and then put in quarantine by res life. luckily, i tested negative for covid but after talking to my doctor it appears i have a bad flu or some kind of viral infection. i live around 4.5 hours away from university and my dad picked me up and drove me home as soon as i had the covid scare so i wouldn't have to quarantine in the quarantine and isolation housing dorm. i'm staying home for the week to recover from whatever i have and to see my doctor in person. my professors all let me know what i'd be missing and where i can access work so i don't fall behind. it's so great to see my family again but i'm melancholy because i'm so stressed about missing school and sports practice plus my car and most of my belongings are at my school. the health center, res life, and the dean's office all know the situation but i'm worried that me missing class will come back to bite me when i return to school. college was already extremely stressful for me, especially with my busy sports schedule where i practice 3 nights in a row from 11 pm 12 30 am. is there any advice or coping mechanisms you can give me to help me get over this stress? amp x200b amp x200b also, for reference, i'm a freshman 18 male and i have a private dorm so i don't have a roommate but my dorm has hallway shared bathrooms, showers, laundry rooms, etc.
investigating the effects of early life experiences on stress related factors in adulthood are you between the ages of 18 45 years old and want to participate in psychological research? i would like to invite you to take part in a multi part research study investigating the effects of past life experiences on stress related factors such as daily stress, ability to regulate emotions and sleep. to understand these relationships in the context of other important social, and psychological, factors such as social support and suicide behaviour history. to research this, we will ask you to complete a series of surveys across one week. this includes one initial 15 minute survey and then two 2 minute surveys per day for a 7 day period. participants will have the chance to win flexi egift cards. if you would like to take part please click the link below https leedspsychology.eu.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 2smat1skkyiqmlw?fbclid iwar31yrkjvsdeoxa4wmxqmkomhsmb7f1zgfysuhx 1kspquk yhi77mrjc04 https leedspsychology.eu.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 2smat1skkyiqmlw?fbclid iwar31yrkjvsdeoxa4wmxqmkomhsmb7f1zgfysuhx 1kspquk yhi77mrjc04 please ensure at the end of the survey that you submit your telephone number as you will not be able to proceed with the study. all research has been assessed and approved by the university of leeds school of psychology ethics committee. reference number psyc 692, date of approval 07 12 2022.
feeling heartbeat in bed hey, usually when i go to bed to sleep and i'm not extremely sleepy to fall asleep right after i almost always sense feel my heart beating on my neck throat ears it's not like it's beating faster than usual or beating harder but i still feel sense the vibration pulse of it, when i get jumpy startled scared i feel sense a sudden strong heartbeat right after the event and it's like i feel the sudden increase of cortisol adrenaline being released inside my body.. i sort of feel my sweat production increasing even though propranolol improved that which wasn't the case with bisoprolol that was almost totally useless... wasn't totally useless because it controlled heart rate and blood pressure to acceptable levels as well but still the physical symptoms when i got scared still remained the thing here is that i'm always without energy, my brain processes very little information from my senses from the moment i wake up and struggles to keep up with that small amount of information to not say that physically i can feel that i don't have much energy and in terms of stamina i get tired pretty quickly mentally and physically which only gets treated when i take a stimulant that is working at 100 . ah and propranolol is controlling my blood pressure and heart rate to acceptable levels even when i take a stimulant. it makes me confused about my cns if it is overactive or underactive.....
my stress is out of control quick brief 25f first born daughter, ideally most responsible in family. over achiever in school and life as general. grew up in a high overstimulating environment. always planning ahead current i ve always been great have blocking out my stress or simply over working through my stress but it seems has if my mind has ran out of storage space and my stress is showing up in physical weight loss, withdrawn , isolation , lack of motive , hopeless ness .. once again the over achiever in me is trying to over ride that with exercising yoga, prayer, new goals and hobbies .. more stress for my schedule because i have to maintain knowing i m stressed out already . emotional well being lost two family members back to back and ended a few friendships so i feel uncertain about life, trying to adapt to change and feeling unsafe and insecure symptoms 2020 physical panic attacks late 2020 2021 burst into hives 2022 physical stomach pain thought i had an ulcer . stomach burning real bad when stressed endoscopy procedure was done i believe 2023 itchy neck face palms stomach . entire body medication benerdyl , hydro poxmate can t spell and too overwhelmed to look it s an anxiety allergy med for hives i m in therapy slowly helping but i need advice on someone whose actually expended and over came calm down is not enough. i d like to get this under control for a bet te r future
lower back, butt and leg pain due to stress? has anyone else felt constant back amp leg pain or even general muscle pain on any part of the body due to stress? i have never had back problems, ever. knock on wood, i ve had no accidents, no sciatic issues, no joint issues, pinched nerve issues or broken bones etc. that being said, i ve been undergoing a lot of stress lately. the pain has been building up for a few days but tonight, i m experiencing increased pain! feels like the origin is the right side of my lower back and the pain radiates down through my butt cheek into my calf pain is not travelling to foot . it s not a sharp pain. it s more of a gnawing, dull but steady pain. feels as if i ve been punched hard several times in the said area and i only get a bit of relief if i curl up in my side in the fetal position. i found literature online saying that stress can cause these symptoms but i just find it so bizarre. am i really that fragile thay stress could cause so much havoc? i m in my 30s. no major health issues. i did have mild covid 1.5 weeks ago though. the only other thing i can think of is the fact that i ve been sitting a lot due to studying for exams nonstop. weird because i ve spent more time sitting and studying in the past, but had no back issues at that time. i will be seeing my doc next monday so i will update the chat but wow this pain is gnarly.
does anyone else get sore aching legs and body pain from being in a constant state of worry and stress i ve been super stressed and anxious lately because of a lot of stressors at home plus feeling like i have no one to share them with. my family has been going through insane amount of financial issues and debts so i don t know if this is a cause effect. in the past 5 months i ve diagnosed myself with all types of cancers because i had blood in my stool due to hemmoroids i ve had swollen nodes in my neck etc. my body has acted out in all kinds of ways over the past few months and i ve been visiting all doctors where nothing major has been diagnosed but i can t stop worrying. i had got my blood work done 3 months ago and it was all good, now with the body pain i feel like getting it again because i feel like some new cancer mah have developed. the past week has been literal hell where my muscles are constantly extremely aching. my legs have been so sore, i wake up every night from 2 am to 5 am with leg stomach pain and anxiety attacks plus my guts have been churning and i m constantly worrying about things. has anyone else got these symptoms weird anxiety symptoms ? sometimes i don t even realise that i m clenching my leg muscles they ache so much. sorry for freaking out and posting about all of this. i ll appreciate some good vibes validation i m 29 f
overwhelmed, tired, scared i m typing this after realizing the amount of mistakes i made these past few weeks at work. it s been so hard to focus and i m finding that i can t understand basic so they seem task requirements. desk job, working with numbers and reports, maths have never been my forte, i m surprised even to this very day how i ve been hired and still work here after many years. i feel like i m always behind everyone else and i can t use logic when looking at numbers. well this time the mistake i made was because i we haven t checked some figures, i didn t get help my manager is on holidays, other members of the team are busy with their stuff , i didn t connect the dots. i just can t do it anymore. i live under constant pressure due to work, so many sleepless nights, thoughts racing in my head, stupid scenarios i build, poor nutrition and so many times of crying uncontrollably. i don t want to blame external factors but there has been constant miscommunication which also led to where we re at. my therapist can only help so much, i always feel great after each session and it looks like have the right tools and mindset to get better, but inherently i m always on the edge, stressed and scared of consequences. i felt like venting and writing down my pain, typing this in tears, feeling so useless and stupid, but it felt good sharing this here.
i am officially broken im in a city where most of my family resides, but i m homeless because i d rather be alone than be around negative people. it s been a few months since i chose this path and i ve been strong the entire way through it, until now. just got out of a short relationship that was bit toxic for my taste. she was basing our relationship off of shall we say, physical aspects. i just found out on top of that, she was fucking her ex while we ve been talking and just yesterday she told me that she believes she may be pregnant by her ex, but it s too early to take a pregnancy test. so, i acted normal let the conversation flow as it would over the phone until we finished and, i could not stop thinking about what she had just told me. next day i told her we should brake up, we did. she blamed everything on me. i kept my cool, explained how i felt. i was ignored. so, i created distance so i could heal. but i ve come to the conclusion that i don t want to heal, i just want this to end. ive never been more ready to end my life until today, not because of the break up, but because of everything. the condition of the world, our future, the situation with my family. not being able to find and get a place of my own and stuck in a city i absolutely hate. ive been strong, but now i just don t give a fuck. i thought life was meant to be worth living?
so i finally got tired of being anxious and depressed, crying daily, not leaving the house a few months ago and decided it was time to see a doctor again. i would only leave to work, and couldnt hold a job very long due to the anxiety eventually stop going after successfully alienating myself from everyone and went to see a psychiatrist. he started me on 40mg of fluoxetine and 50mg atenolol a day with 1mg lorazepam 3x daily as needed. i averaged about 2 of the lorazepam a day, some days 3 some days 1 or even 0, and 1 time i took 4 christmas with the family, not all at once but over the course of the evening i went back after about 2 and a half months and he increased my atenolol to 100mg and switched me to .5mg alprazolam 1x a day from the past i knew this wouldnt be an effective dose but he wouldnt listen for the 2 and a half months i felt like i was leading a normal life, doing well in school, seeing friends again, working, going on dates have a girlfriend who understands my anxiety and we met when i was drinking to deal with it so this is the worst shes ever seen me and wants me to find a new doctor interacting with my family and not hiding in my room all day. with the switch to xanax ive gone back to my old ways of hiding away, crying, not eating, and have almsot purchased cigarettes again quit smoking about 10 months ago .
does anyone feel the same? i was wondering if someone recognizes the feelings i have sometimes because i feel like i am weird and alone. i've read about anxiety and think that's what i have... but there's so much info online that i do not know for sure. i get minor panic attacks on random moments and i can not seem to find any reason why. the most recent example is when i was asked to go on a team meeting outside of working hours. i felt almost frightened and felt like i wanted to cry and life is too overwhelming for me. another example is a party i recently went to, i was scared to go for about two weeks even though my gf and a friend were with me . there was literally nothing bad about it, but i was stressed up until the moment i got there. when i try to think of a reason why i'm feeling like that, i do not have a single clue. my life is good and i have everything i need want but i keep looking for small things that make me feel unhappy and anxious. i can stay awake and panic overthink over all kinds of small things like this. i just want to feel happy and stop overthinking constantly but i do not know how to do that. sometimes i think it will get better when i'll get older 25y right now . but the negative feelings are taking over more frequently and i am ready to start working on it so i can actually enjoy life. any advice?
a weird transition ok, so this post is real and i'm not making up everything. i've kept it in my mind all day long and i've gotten desperate enough to reach out for help on the internet, at least . on friday, i went through a highly stressful event, and endured lots of stress, build up of hormones etc. this acute stress i went through, benefited me! the next day i felt energetic, happy, and overall in good shape. heck, even my short term memory improved! i started remembering things much more clearly and openly. i learnt a lot that day, and was really surprised by my performance. the next day, another stressful event occurred.. an acute one aswell. this was not pleasant, at all. endured lots of stress, build up of hormones.. etc why does this happen to me? unfortunately, as you'd expect..my situation went downhill fast . i started forgetting things, winded up in a depressed mood..found 0 interest in things i enjoyed.. etc..my memory also became worse. i also experienced a horrible nightmare today too, and slept 12 hours, which is completely abnormal . so now that i've hid this up in my mind for 1 day, i'd like to speak out. i need answers. what is happening here? what happened to me and my brain? will i ever recover be happy and will my memory improve like that last time? please help. i'm leaving this all on you reddit...
food and hair pulling how on earth do i stop utilizing food for comfort? this past year is the first time i've had a very unhealthy relationship with food had my second child and have been nursing her. i'm a sahm with a 3 and 1 year old . all i can think about is food and eating. i'm constantly snacking and i'm always eating really bad and unhealthy options. i sometimes get healthier options but something in my brain just won't go for those in the moment and i truly feel i can't control it i know i can and should be able to but i guess my willpower sucks . i'm so sick of starting and restarting my health journey every day because i can't keep from overeating to an insane level. it's truly becoming embarrassing and i have so much shame. i also have issues with hair pulling. i'll sit and pull my hair out one strand at a time anytime i'm idle. i'm well into it before i even realize how long i've done it. i've had this issue on and off since college. i've spoken about both of these issues with my therapist this past week and all she really told me was to find a sort of fidget to use when i'm idle to keep from the hair pulling. she gave me no advice on my food issues so i hoping to continue pushing that at the next session. any advice or help would be so much appreciated, especially if anyone has experienced the same issues.
no one to talk to so, i m currently super stressed and i don t feel like i have anyone to talk to. i ve suffered with depression for a long time and i recently got a puppy. i ve wanted another dog for about 10 years and i thought it was a good time to get one now since i m wfh. the puppy is about 3 months old and at around 2 months, she started throwing up. i took her to the emergency vet and found out she had an obstruction in her intestines. this meant she had to have surgery and her insurance hasn t kicked in so i had to pay out of pocket. i had to take out a credit card to pay the 7k bill. she came home and was doing really well. then 2 days ago she started throwing up again. she threw up around 6 times. i took her back to the vet and they had to run a bunch of tests again another 1k and it seems like a treat i gave her may have irritated her intestines again. they wanted to do more tests but i literally can not afford it. i spoke to the vet about it as none of this can be covered by insurance. the vet gave her an anti nausea medication and sent us home to observe her. she ate and hasn t vomited but i m still nervous about it all. i really got the dog in hopes that it would also help with my depression but it s becoming worse due to all of this i feel helpless and i can t afford to take her back to the vet
stress of having a family and trying to keep up with life is it normal to not be able to keep the house clean and catch up on basic household chores. my wife and i work opposite schedules so that we don't have to rely on day care or a babysitter. we have a 16 month old daughter, 2 cats and a dog. i try my best to keep the house tidy but little detail stuff like dusting, vacuuming and mopping seem almost impossible to do and after a day it looks like nothing even got done. outside chores is a race while she naps during the day and what ever doesn't get done has to wait for a second nap or another day. by no means is my house filthy but there are a lot of projects i can't seem to start and trying to just maintain it is a project in itself. before the kid i was able to do a lot more but between her and trying to get basic stuff done while working is very draining. normally i'd wait till the evening to do something after she goes to bed but lately i just wanna play on my phone or watch a movie. i love my family with all my heart and would not change a thing, i'm just stressed because i think of everything that needs to get done and it causes me to procrastinate even more. as a new parent i just need to hear whether or not this is normal. i've been told that one day i'll miss all the hustle and bustle and noise.
feel like i m losing control of my brain a lot has happened to me and i feel like i m going actually crazy. it all started in late 2019 and 2020 i started dealing w panic attacks for the first time which severely mentally fucked me up. was having attacks everyday for months on end. and this is around the time i started drinking heavily. it was the only thing helping me. then i started to develop vertigo, just randomly it would feel like i m falling or the ground was swaying back and forth and it still happens to this day randomly cut to me a little later in life i managed to cut the stress back a lot and i was happy but then we ll ofc it came back. recently the alcohol caught up to me and my system and i drank so much developed gastritis and i m going thru that rn. stomach pain sucks so much luckily it isn t to bad but unlocked my health phobia my brain is constantly hurting, my brain feels like it s on the verge of just going crazy, feels like i can t control my thoughts, my heart skips beats. the way i figured i was truly stressed was my teeth never noticed it before but i clench my teeth pretty much the whole day causing my head to start hurting it s all too much and now it s ruining my sleep i truly hate this i truly do. i miss being young w no worries. i just am so done so so done
i created cocoonweaver to help. it s a free, privacy focused app that sorts audio recordings, transcribed, into categories. there are numerous benefits to self talk, in particular it can decompress mental states and reduce stress. i hope you enjoy! sometimes, it s overwhelming to think about all the stressful things. when you let go of them, you can take solace in the fact they remain in a safe space, but no longer occupying headspace. i developed cocoonweaver because of a dream i had. my dream was about an app that would be intuitive enough to release the many fleeting thoughts that occupy ones mind. since then, it has been developed in to a working product, and improved with the help of kind feedback from various neurodivergent communities. i would love to take feedback from this community as well, if you have a moment to download the app and share your feedback i would be extremely grateful. the app is completely free and it is completely private, nothing leaves your device and everything is stored on your phone. thank you so much for your time! lt 3 here are all the relevant links, to the app and website, android release date etc. www.linktree.com cocoonweaver http www.linktree.com cocoonweaver https www.instagram.com cocoonweaver https www.instagram.com cocoonweaver
do i have a problem with my brain? well i've had problems with things for a couple of years but it's never been so bad that i can't concentrate and only talk to other people at school. for example i was listening to the teacher the whole time and then she asks me something and i don't know what she said. and also problems like i want to read something and i can read but i can't understand what i'm reading until i can picture it in my head and that's not easy either and if i can't picture it then i can too do not understand. and in german i've never had any problems with grammar and such and commas and everything just happened by itself and i always wrote a 1 in dictations and now all of a sudden i've made all these grammatical errors that i've made before and still messed them up. and i've never had problems remembering things, but now on a o i can't remember anything anymore. i forget everything i'm told and i always have to imagine it before i'm told things. and that has nothing to do with the brain, but lately i've been getting sick every week and my immune system is also deteriorating very badly, although i've always gone 4 years without getting sick that has nothing to do with the topic but it has to be say once can anyone give me any advice on what to do now?
i need motivation or something to keep going i feel like everything i m going through started when i went to my nephrologist and learned that my kidney function is lowering and my bp has raised. he put me on losartan 25 mg and i feel as if it s ruining my whole life. at first it was the headaches, everyday i would get one. then the tinnitus came and now i had ringing in my ears. then after that i noticed my vision felt weird i would mess up reading and i got a bunch of floaters, i went to the eye doctor and she said that my eyes were fine. then i started feeling very stupid like i couldn t understand anything. it s like everything i would hear would go in one ear and out the other. when reading questions in a test i would have to re read multiple times to actually understand it. i was already stressed with my health issues and taking almost all ap classes has made it many times worse. i want to try the best i can but i just don t feel like trying anymore. i ve always wanted to be the best and i ve always been smart but now i feel so slow and i can t focus. i don t want to disappoint my parents but i don t think i can do this. am i just imagining everything or is something really wrong? i m only 16 and i feel like i m already losing my future because of this.
chronic stress feeling hopeless i ve always been an anxious person and have always had phobias, particularly of vomiting. in 2019 i had a nervous breakdown triggered by an adverse gastric reaction to an antibiotic. i have not been the same since. i have been in therapy and on meds ever since with no change. in fact i think i m worse. i m so frightened of everything. my ocd is awful. panic attacks frequent. tremors and shaking bad. i also have a lot of somatic symptoms chronic pelvic pain with suspected endo, neck pain, tmd teeth clenching leading to frequent migraines, ibs, back pain. i ve just been diagnosed with oral thrush, my doctor suspects from severe stress. i see a physio, a tmd specialist, a psychiatrist, a therapist, i ve tried somatic experiencing therapy, emdr, tre i m exhausted honestly. i journal, i read, i meditate, i cry, i dance, i walk, i get out in nature all things i do naturally, not forced but that should help. i just don t know how to break the cycle. i have no hope left. the only times in the last three years where i ve felt the most like myself was during lockdowns. i don t know how to use that information to help myself now. or if i really just want to be a recluse as that s how i ultimately feel safest which isn t healthy at all.
i'm a musicologist with 10 years working on the correlation between audio and the brain. i've created a playlist with the most proven relaxing music out there. this will help ease stress, anxiety and help you be in the moment. hope this reach as many as possible hi there, so this playlist available at both apple music and spotify came to life almost a year ago, when i'd finished researching the effects of listening to nature sounds. easily explained you may have heard about our inherited fight or flight response system, which is a major factor in stress and anxiety. well, research has shown that listening to nature sounds triggers the opposite system, called rest or digest, which helps lowering your heart rate, ease tightening muscles and enable you to focus on fewer things. these system is, just like our f o f response, is inherited from our ancestors. we believe that reason behind nature sounds triggering this is that hearing birds, rain etc meant positive things for the caveman generations. birds singing meant that there were no large predators around as well as good soil , rain meant crops would grow, fire that they would survive the night and so on. hope this helps everyone it reaches! link to playlist spotify and apple https linktr.ee indigoease
until i met my new boyfriend, he is amazing, he is kind, he is sweet, he is a good student, he likes the same things as me, my family likes him, and so on... but i dont feel that passion that rush i felt with my ex, the truth is that when i started going out with my boyfriend i secretly saw my ex a few times to see if i really didnt feel nothing for him, but it was disgusting, i didnt even want him to touch me, i feel bad with myself i didnt want him, but still, i was there. then i kinda realized i felt nothing love related for him and it was ok, he was hurt when he knew i was dating this boy and he even begged me to stay but of course not. but now the problem is that when im with my boyfriend i dont feel like i love him, like that thing you kinda have to feel with a new love, i just feel ok with him, and i catch myself thinking about my ex from time to time, remembering all the good things we had and it drives me crazy because i know that if i see him again i wont feel that way, that love that my mind makes me think stills there. and recently i found out that he has a girl and he is actually enjoying the experience and i got so mad and so hurt i know i dont have any right to feel that way i felt betrayed and i still feel that way, i gross myself out.
nsfw i have really bad ptsd induced anxiety due to rape situations and being a victim to dozens of emotionally abusive relationships, and i am engaged to a hvac service technician. one day he was going to do a check up on a furnace, he called before hand and he even gave notice the day before, and i was at school at the time so i didn't see the message till a little later. he walked into the house because the door was unlocked because some people leave their door unlocked if they're downstairs or something and he walked into the kitchen and it was a crack house, immediately he had a gun pointed at him and he froze for a second and ran back to his van, the guy shot half a dozen times and hit the rear view mirror, he almost got shot so many times while running to the van, and when i saw this i was hysterically sobbing in the middle of the school hall and when i got home i got to my mom and kept screaming he almost died he almost died and my mom thought i said he died because i could barely breathe, he seems to be over it now but every time he is a little late coming home from work or hasn't replied in awhile i get so scared hes dead and late at night i can't sleep because i'm scared this is the last day i'll have with him. i don't know what to do.
i just couldn't cope, the abuse i already remembered was bad enough but this...this was just too much for me to deal with. 2 weeks ago i couldn't take it anymore and took a large overdose, which ended up with me being in hospital...i now have done a little damage to my heart and shall have to live with that...i should probably point out that i am under 7st and have had an eating disorder since i was 7...it was the only thing i could control...you see i had no safe place, i'd leave my abusive home and go to school...where i was the only ginger child...sure i don't need to point out how hard that was. this is going to stop quite abruptly now, for i don't really know what else to say right now.. each and everyday is a constant struggle and i am tired of drs telling me to be strong and just get on with life...i am 26years old for 20years i have had to be strong and survive well i'm tired of surviving...that doesn't mean i want to die but i do want it all to stop, i want to url to be happy and trust people, to realise what love is, i mean i have an amazing partner who loves me dearly but i question him every damn day...you see he doesn't hurt me and love...well as my dad taught me...love is to hurt and lie....but that isn't love at all is it? !
stress rash, so unbelievably exhausted. help i just started to break out with a rash on my head and now my ankles? super weird. has anyone experienced this before? what can i do? i have gone through what feels like torture in the last few months. if you care to read further this is my dealio... my brothers addiction and homelessness is at an all time shit storm. i am his only family member support 5 years everyone else lives 5000km away was fired 2 months ago first time fired hated the job, so whatevs but it was humiliating none the less dumped by my now ex, i genuinely cared for, it was a lovely relationship. was single 4 years prior and i thought i finally found something real and long term started a new job. love it so it's just happy stress enrolled in upgrading so i can return to school next fall. freaking out because i don't want to leave town for the 2 year program. just lonely. to a depth i cannot explain, it's something you must have experienced yourself because i never could imagine this myself. guys. what the hell? i must say i do have much to be greatful so it's not all doom and gloom. healthy, amazing friends and fam, home owner, safe etc i feel the weight of the world on me and i think i'm going to loose it tonight
cost of living has changed everything. i'm making a little over 70k a year at a hospital and i am being priced out of denver co. i got a big raise this year but it feels more like a pay cut because i find i can no longer afford what i use to. rent has gotten so out of hand my brother and i made a deal to rent a house together so we can save money. we both gave up our apartments not only to save money, but because the homeless crime is out of this world here in denver. he makes over 100k a year and can't afford to buy a house. what is going on!? we both went to college and have good jobs. i can't comprehend how people are making it. i don't have kids and i couldn't imagine if i did. no baby formula and kids getting shot up in school. no thank you. i'm stressed because i'm really taken aback by all the nonstop nonsense and struggling. my roth ira is now losing money!?!? wtf my retirement was supposed to be solid now i don't believe anything i was told growing up is real. my stability is being shaken and i don't believe in the usas ability to keep it together. i think we are gonna fall down worse and apart. what do you think? how are you guys making it? are you moving? should i move? are you guys starting to drown like me?!
help with appetite under extreme acute stress i'm moving interstate in 2 weeks, have had a lot happen in my life over the past 4 months, zero support where i currently live and i'm under extreme stress that's destroyed my appetite completely. i eat maybe a few bites of food most days, rarely eating a proper meal. i'm not even doing my usual stress binge eating, nor are my chocolate cravings there. i just feel full or sick every time i try eat. i'm losing weight rapidly that i can't afford to lose i'm very short and already had a small frame so even just 3kg is a huge loss for me, anymore and i'll look like a ghost most of my stressors will leave me when the move itself happens and i'm seeing a new therapist as well then, one better equipped to help me. i just need help with eating in the meantime. i can barely stomach anything, when i do try eat a meal, i'm done after a few bites. i have very little control at the moment and i want to do right to my body to reduce the impact of this stress. all i can really control are food, making sure i take my medication and get some extra sleep. i just need help or advice with the food part. again, it's just until i move and i have a support network and control over my life again.
how do i stop constantly looking for academic validation? for context i m a 21f in college with hopes of going to nursing school. since i was young i ve always been driven by my academics because if i wasn t the prettiest in school, i definitely wanted to be the smartest. essentially, i had one bad semester two years ago almost while being in college parents were edging a divorce and ive been paying the price since. it was the lowest my gpa had ever been and because of it i couldnt apply to nursing school when i wanted to and it absolutely crushed me. so, i drove myself even more into my academics so much so to where i have panic attacks when it comes to my grades. in simple, today was a bad day mentally. on top of school, i work two jobs as a cna and pharmacy technician. in the mornings, i m at the senior living facility, in the afternoons i m in class and in the evenings im at the pharmacy. i feel like my body is addicted to stress and its finally crashing and i feel awful even considering submitting this one assignment late and risking a point deduction. ive emailed my professor about it all and he hasnt gotten back to me but i cant pull myself to do this assignment. i feel lazy and i dont know what to do.
scientific study how mindfulness replaces medication to reduce anxiety how mindfulness replaces medication to reduce anxiety care works similarly as well as a prescription to check nervousness, concentrate on finds a care contemplation course might be as successful at lessening uneasiness as a typical medicine, as per another review. the exploration, distributed on november 9 in jama psychiatry, involved a gathering of 276 grown ups with untreated uneasiness problems. a big part of the patients was haphazardly chosen to take 10 to 20 mg of escitalopram, the nonexclusive type of lexapro, a typical medicine used to treat nervousness and wretchedness. the other half were relegated to an eight week course in care based pressure decrease. the outcomes were dazzling the two gatherings experienced about a 20 decrease in their tension side effects over the eight week time span. elizabeth hoge, the lead creator on the review and the overseer of the tension issues exploration program at georgetown college clinical center, let cnn know that she trusts the examination can open up greater treatment choices for patients with uneasiness. more https tomorrowgreatest.blogspot.com 2022 11 scientific study how mindfulness.html
does anyone else get stressed out over school even though they ve been doing it their whole lives? i start my first year of college and i m super stressed out and even though i ve been taking college classes through my high school, i m still stressed out about it. i ve been stressed about school my whole life despite having all as and being in the top 10 of my grade. i really don t understand how people can just have a calm attitude when it comes to things like school and work because the mere thought of either stresses me out. now usually after the first month, i m completely fine because i ve gotten used to the class, the teacher, and the work but the first couple weeks are so stressful for me. i have a mad fear of being alone and failure and i like things to always stay the same in my life so i guess all of that contributes to my problems with stressful situations. i have no friends going to the same college as me and i ve always liked having at least one person i knew to make me more comfortable quicker but having work thrown in front of me and having to one to talk to if i need help is terrifying to me. sorry about the rambling but i would like some advice if anyone would be nice enough to give it.
help for my husband my husband is so stressed out at work. i am trying to get him into therapy because it s taking a toll on his body. he is so stressed out and will go up to 48 hours without sleep sometimes. i am trying to get him into therapy. i am scared a doctor is just going to give him a sleeping pill because he will tell them i can t sleep because i get stressed . but the truth is he can t sleep because he takes way over his prescribed amount of adderol to work, then can t sleep so he takes benadryl and drinks a bottle of wine, then still can t sleep so says fuck it and takes more adderol and a red bull to just keep working. it s a vicious cycle. he won t admit he had a problem with substance abuse. he s told his doctor in the past he couldn t sleep and they just prescribe more pills. thankfully he stopped taking those a few years ago. i worry if he finally goes to therapy they will just prescribe him more. he won t be fully honest with the actual issue on hand. which is substance abuse and needing a healthy way to cope with stress and manage his time. and by the way, this is not new with this job. we met back in college and he would have spells of times during finals for example he would do this
psychology lab at florida state university looking for parents and kids! parenting is tough. kids are stressed. looking for helpful tips? we are looking for children between the ages of 8 and 13 years old and their parents to participate in a study. we will suggest some small behavioral changes that we think will help your child manage stress. you will be paid 40 for your time! the study consists of either one or two depending on group assignment virtual study visits 30 60 min via a zoom call with a member of our study team. we will suggest some small, simple changes to common behaviors for both you and your child to make over the next 4 weeks that we think will help your child manage stress. we will also ask you to fill out some online surveys. at the end of the study, you will receive a 40 amazon gift card and we will send you a report form with your child s mental health symptom scores! to find out more and to see if you are eligible, click on the following link https fsu.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 6l4tvqq2owg4x8a https fsu.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 6l4tvqq2owg4x8a or call or email us today for more information! phone 850 629 8525 email abhc.newhart gmail.com subject line changing behaviors study
university degree stress hello i'm currently in my third year of university. since the start i have been very stressed and at times had bad thoughts come into my head. i tried to talk to my parents about switching programs or go to university with less expectations the university i'm going to is known to be brutal to their students . sadly that didn't work which i understand from my parents side if i get through it then it will pay off. the next two years for me is just going to be quite scary as i'll be doing a full time course load in the fall, spring and summer for two years straight. just ranting i guess and some sort of motivation would be nice honestly. school for me has always been a stressful topic and has never changed even in high school i'd say i've always been so anxious or stressed about the topic. though what i can say is that once i do the two years at least i am out and finish my degree and i can move on from the idea of school. just ranting at this point as this topic has definitely affected me a lot through out the years but this week it has affected me more than ever but i am now coming into terms that with the two year plan i got going it's not going to be that bad forever.
i'm 29 and i have great difficulty relaxing i'm 29 and i have great difficulty relaxing amp x200b relaxing is benefacial to the human mind and body, by allowing yourself to recover you can do work more efficiently, have more energy to exercise and learn, do hobbies and chores, to foster relationships, and more. machines even new to relax and chill a bit to avoid overheating or to have time to oil up or change new parts. amp x200b if i know all of this, why can't i allow myself to relax? i need to, but i cannot. whenever i try to go on a walk, or watch a movie, or play a game, my brain makes me want to do chores that are non existent or i feel guilty for not doing my side hustle work or learning stuff. amp x200b for context i'm in some debt, but have a stable job that should be able to pay it off by perhaps end of 2023 or mid 2024. i also do some side hustles on my own schedule. i also stress eat and feel like i have not accomplished enough before i turn 30 next year. i think these occupy my mind a lot and prevent me from relaxing. amp x200b what should i do? like damn, i spend more time being frustrated i can't relax, or having a hard time choosing what i wanna do, then actually relaxing lol.
stressed out and self harming. i m 25 i live in nc and i m absolutely stressed out. i was working at a amazon for the last 9 months making 15.75. i have a 400 dollar car not and 1500 dollar rent to pay every month on top of 140 dollar car insurance and 80 dollar phone bill 70 dollar wifi bill and 30 dollar water bill and 30 dollar gas bill and pass due electricity bill of 345 dollars. i left amazon for this new job that is paying me 21 dollars an hour. my back ground check took a long time to come back and for that reason i didn t work for a week i left amazon on the 25 of july because i was supposed to start 27th of july but back ground check took a while to reach my employer. i ve asked my older sibling for some money i owe them 500 dollars i feel like i am getting no where but in debt. i feel guilty when i buy food or get gas to them point i physically get sick and sometimes even throw up from how sick i feel. i don t feel good enough and i m drowning. i have history with self harm and recently i began to cut my shoulders again. i rather feel physical pain than to feel like worthless broke pos. if i don t end up taking my life, the stress will be the death of me. i fucking hate money.
it was the same therapist i'd been seeing since i was little, when i was first diagnosed as asd at the time termed pdd nos, as i didn't quite fit the diagnostic requirements for aspergers , and she, had honestly stopped being helpful. just kept telling me to do the same things over and over, when i told her these solutions either didn't work, or in some cases going out for a walk for the sake of it, rather than with an intended destination goal, for instance made things worse. because if my mind's left to wander, without something to focus on, something to distract myself, it starts tearing itself apart, ripping open old wounds and rubbing salt in them reminding me of all the shit i've screwed up in the past, ways i've failed or fallen short, and i end up worse off than when i started. so, i eventually stopped going. and then, eventually stopped taking my meds, mostly because of not having the money to afford them when my father walked out, and the house practically started falling down around our ears over a course of a couple years the heating just before winter because we couldn't afford oil, then losing water due to burst pipes, then the gas and finally electricity due to nonpayment.
sleeping 6 hours, heart racing and chest pain hello all. i have been on sick leave from work for 3 months now. tomorrow i m starting slowly again. 3 hours. throughout all january i have had this persistent restlessness. i have been sleeping 4 6 hours every night, woken up, and slept again for 2 4 hours. getting up at noon. the past two weeks i have tried to get up at 8, to match my work schedule. now i only sleep 6 hours and stay in bed trying to get in the last two hours. it worries me that i m still not sleeping through a full night. i m not sure if it s stress or my hiatal hernia or my chronic neck pain that wakes me up. but i wake up rather abruptly. so i m guessing stress. sometimes i wake up with racing heart. speaking of racing heart i started to get that randomly racing heart throughout the day. i wonder if it s because i m starting work and i m nervous about it. i have social anxiety and i m trying to fit into this new me first mindset. i m a big people pleaser, but i have had to break with that habit now. also i keep getting chest pain, i m not sure if it s my hiatal hernia or if it s stress. idk what to do. i m feeling uneasy about not feeling better than i am after 3 months.
weird title i know but i really couldn t find any other way to describe what i m feeling and i really struggled to think if i should post this on here or another group so for as long as i can remember i ve always been attracted to women and only women i had absolutely no interest in men at all a few years back i had my first relationship which was really manipulative and physically abusive and i haven t been on any dates since then recently though like in the last two weeks it s accused to me that bar an old crush from before my ex kinda sorta coming back i haven t found any women attractive at all in a while at least a year and whenever i see someone i would have normal ly found attractive i just get a nervous uncomfortable feeling i can t really describe i m not sure if this is a response to how my ex used to get abusive if she thought i was attracted to her like she d insist i must want to rape her if i called her beautiful for example and i know for a long time afterwards i felt disgusted with myself if i found someone attractive so this may just be the next step in that, like my mind doesn t want me to feel bad for finding someone attractive so it stops finding people attractive
weird title i know but i really couldn t find any other way to describe what i m feeling and i really struggled to think if i should post this on here or another group so for as long as i can remember i ve always been attracted to women and only women i had absolutely no interest in men at all a few years back i had my first relationship which was really manipulative and physically abusive and i haven t been on any dates since then recently though like in the last two weeks it s accused to me that bar an old crush from before my ex kinda sorta coming back i haven t found any women attractive at all in a while at least a year and whenever i see someone i would have normally found attractive i just get a nervous uncomfortable feeling i can t really describe i m not sure if this is a response to how my ex used to get abusive if she thought i was attracted to her like she d insist i must want to rape her if i called her beautiful for example and i know for a long time afterwards i felt disgusted with myself if i found someone attractive so this may just be the next step in that, like my mind doesn t want me to feel bad for finding someone attractive so it stops finding people attractive
participants needed hi, i m looking for participant to take part in my final year project at university. this study aims to identify and analyse 5 predictors of test anxiety continues partial attention, self esteem, inhibition, updating and switching to expand on the understanding of test anxiety and better improve the wellbeing and academic achievement of students. this study does not work through a phone or safari so you will need a laptop computer and google chrome firefox for it to work. the study will involve 3 short questionnaires measuring test anxiety, continues partial attention and self esteem. and 3 cognitive tasks to measure inhibition, updating and switching. this study is expected to take between 25 30 minutes to complete. if you are under the age of 18 or colour blind you are unable to take part in this study. you will need access to a computer or laptop to run this study. if you are interested in participation and would like more information about this study, please follow the link. https sunduni.eu.qualtrics.com jfe form sv eu2oxu64qxli76s https sunduni.eu.qualtrics.com jfe form sv eu2oxu64qxli76s?fbclid iwar23u41h3eb7m3jgnon34ten0f66tvwwlbihc3ixqjuynslilsjfzwsnjcg
i'm forgetting what i am completely talking about mid sentence. i don't drink, i don't do drugs. i'm completely forgetting what i am talking about. everything irritates me. i don't want to form sentences. i'm exhausted but i'm not talking physically. i just don't want to open my mouth at all. i can't communicate. my brain is fried. it's a little easier writing then speaking. i'm pronouncing words wrong. i am mostly communicating with my mom and she is so hard to talk to she cuts you off, gets upset if you dont agree and then never understands and so maybe i'm just so incredibly stressed because my subconscious is already expecting something strainous with communicating with her. shes also over communicating like, i'm not getting any continuous space of silence from communication for a good period of time any day of the week. which is not her fault but she does keep telling me things that are unnecessary like how she is going to go pick up the dog poop. i dont need a play by play of every single minor action. i need my brain to function a little better. but the forgetting what i am completely saying mid sentence do i have something wrong with my brain. or is it stress?
should i see my doctor? i'm new here, not diagnosed with any type of stress disorder. long story short i'm a 26 y o female, in a happy relationship, enjoy my studies at uni and my student job. i have friends not a lot, but i'm an introvert so that fits me and a loving family. at the same time i have a few diagnosis an eating disorder, ocd and borderline personality disorder. all of them something i've gotten treatment for, and i have under control. the reason for this post is new. since my summer vacation ended a month ago, i've had this problem. every time i sit down to do some studying i start crying. i can't concentrate and the more time passes, the farther behind i get. i have a hard time getting started with any task studying, cleaning, getting to classes, being intimate with my partner, anything. just writing these few lines have taking me half an hour to start, half an hour to write. my question for you guys is should i see my doctor about this? or is this just a part of life, and not even a real problem? i don't feel like talking to the people around me about this, i don't want to worry them if i just need to get myself together... hope to get some oppinions!
currently enrolling research studies for generalized anxiety disorder, social anxiety disorder, and or panic disorder optimizing exercise for the treatment of anxiety the purpose of this study is to learn about the effects of different exercise regimens on anxiety and exercise engagement and adherence. if you are eligible for this study, you will complete a 2 month exercise intervention and 2 follow up assessments total duration 5 6 months . the exercise intervention will either include low intensity exercise only or a titration program in which you will start at low intensity exercise and work your way up to high intensity exercise. we also provide treatment referrals. key eligibility criteria adults ages 18 65 who have generalized anxiety disorder, social anxiety disorder, and or panic disorder currently sedentary your information will remain private. you will receive compensation for your time. to learn more about the study and to see if it is something you would be interested in and a good fit for, please fill out the following survey https openredcap.nyumc.org apps redcap surveys ?s jn9wd4ftyn https openredcap.nyumc.org apps redcap surveys ?s jn9wd4ftyn
need help dealing with stress i need some advice dealing with pent up stress. i'm a full time college student in electrical engineering, and i also work 20 hours a week during the semester at my job. my courses alone are really stressful for me, but combined with work and responsibilities at home, i am constantly stressed out. mentally i can cope in the moment and push through, but that is not my problem unfortunately. i store all of the stress somewhere and never release it. it builds up over days, weeks, months, until eventually it all comes out. even if i decompress after a long day i don't really feel like i got it all out. over time my body starts to get stiff because of the stress, and eventually my back locks up on me. i never have a mental breakdown due to stress, just my body locking me down until it can relax. currently my jaw and hamstrings feel like they are tight enough to snap in half, and my back is stiff. i've been dealing with this for years and haven't found a way to sort it out, so i am looking to see if anyone here has advice on how to deal with the stress before i do irreparable damage to my body. thanks for any help.
chronic stress caused by mom i feel like there is no solution, but perhaps someone here can share some insights... this is the 9th year i will be living with my mom. i never thought it would be almost a decade!! she stresses me out like no one else can. and that is not only wanting to do every little thing for me, but also affording me ver little privacy. also, i am never ever just relaxing. this is probably the reason my shoulders and neck are stiff as a plank, my weight doesn't go down, always tired, always on the verge of tears, and a few other minor health issues let's hope they don't become bigger issues! i want to move out but finance does not allow it. i gym 3 to 4 times a week, try to eat healthy, sleep 8 hours, take a stack of supplements, but find no joy in hobbies or socializing mostly because when i get back home she looks at me with doe eyes because why did i go off without her i often play with my budget to see when if i can move out, but so far no luck. i am looking into side hustles, but the tiredness, tears, lackluster makes it difficult to focus. something must happen now! i also don't date for the same reasons as above.
living with other people hi! i ve recently moved into a shared house with two room mates people that i knew through other people. they re really wonderful people, but i m struggling with living with them. i get super overwhelmed and stressed out when my environment is messy, whether that s clutter or dirty grimey, so i try make the effort to take care of shared spaces so they don t get to that point and stress me out. however i m growing tired of doing all the chores washing shared items like tea towels, hand towels, etc, cleaning the bathroom, vacuuming, cleaning the kitchen and just maintaining its cleanliness and taking the bins out . is it unreasonable to ask them to clean to a certain standard nothing crazy but more than they re doing now if it is something that is clearly not bothering them? or is it selfish to expect them to clean to my standards if it doesn t bother them, and therefore should the responsibility fall on me? i have lots of sensory issues that overwhelm me, and hate bugs we have flies and ants if that context is useful! would really appreciate any advice, and i m keen to have a chore chat but don t know how to ask.
need some ideas to manage stress while trying to navigate serious life events deaths etc for the past 4 years, i ve been under constant stress that most tell me are once in a lifetime. in 2017, i lost my job, my father, and found out i was pregnant the same day. in 2018, i had my daughter and my closest male friend died suddenly in his early 30s just after she was born. in 2019 i lost my mother. in 2020, well duh, but i also lost the relationship with the rest of my family. in 2021, i had to manage my mothers estate and my sisters mental illness, while at my job my company almost went under and i had to agree to a pay hit to try save the jobs of my team. and now, we re looking for investment i m coo btw , i finally got the sister under control, and her son showed up at my door bipolar, and i had to have him hospitalized and now he s living with us. i ve gained 50 pounds from the stress. i can t take much more and of course all this puts a stress on my marriage. i couldn t imagine surviving without him. any ideas? because frankly pithy notes to destress by taking yoga and lighting a candle feel pretty ridiculous in comparison
stressing out over documenting my own updates from minute things. earlier today i had an eye appointment after what feels like a year and throughout the time i would supposedly have my watch recording so i could listen back to it later on. unfortunately just after i was done, i found that the thing didn t record anything at all, even though i was sure i pressed the record button on it! now i ve spent the majority of the day stressed out at the fact that i had to rely on my memory to try to replay what my eye doctor s informed me of when my mind s already on too many things to begin with! i mean i know it s supposed to be mundane and something to forget about as the days go one, not to mention how much my own mother kept in telling me to let such things go and not focus too much on it . but i ve just started taken a habit of recording important things that went on this week and me not checking to see if my watch was not recording really took a blow on what was supposed to be a good enough day today! i mean i had my lucky necklace and everything to signify that being the case! it s not supposed to be the opposite of that!
i think i have a problem... i know for sure i have a problem because recently today is when it all started. i was just talking to some friends and we were having just conversations and the conversations just went in some ways that got me really stressed out and also my mind likes to create false scenarios that aren't happening like people talking about me behind my back and friends chatting with other friends and all that. but just a few minutes ago i was talking to one of my best friends and i was just getting stressed out with the chats and i tried to call myself down and i punched a fan as hard as i could and somehow will only one of my fingers is bleeding but i managed to bandage it. i'm thinking about going to a doctor to see if they can help or get stressed towards to something because i have a job and earlier at my job i threw my glasses as hard as i can against the wall and broke them. i don't know what it is i really don't know whether it be anger issues stress whatever i just hope someone here can help me get steps closer to an answer to what it is i'm going through and what i can do to completely end it.
psychology lab at florida state university looking for parents and kids! parenting is tough. kids are stressed. looking for helpful tips? we are looking for children between the ages of 8 and 13 years old and their parents to participate in a study. we will suggest some small behavioral changes that we think will help your child manage stress. you will be paid 40 for your time! the study consists of either one or two depending on group assignment virtual study visits 30 60 min via a zoom call with a member of our study team. we will suggest some small, simple changes to common behaviors for both you and your child to make over the next 4 weeks that we think will help your child manage stress. we will also ask you to fill out some online surveys. at the end of the study, you will receive a 40 amazon gift card and we will send you a report form with your child s mental health symptom scores! to find out more and to see if you are eligible, click on the following link https fsu.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 6l4tvqq2owg4x8a or call or email us today for more information! phone 850 629 8525 email abhc.newhart gmail.com
i am very stressed. someone help. so in november 2021 i was with one of my friends at the elementary school near my house. we were messing around and we saw that this person's backyard was connected to a piece of the woods near the school. we saw that she had a stack of rocks. i had the idea when i was with one of my other friends to knock them over but i didn't. this time we did. i can't remember if i did it or him, but i remember seeing the rocks collapse onto the ground. we ran and i didn't think much of it. i assumed they would pick it up and move on. it is now march. we had an assignment where we had to photoshop a stack of rocks in one of my classes today. i sit near one of my friends that lives near me and knows everyone in the neighborhood and the general area. he said that they put those rocks up in honor of their dead father. i feel terrible. its not like i would do something like that now and it feels like i played a part in a traumatic experience in their life. i didn't see it they put it back up since then but it is really bothering me. i wanted to tell my parents but i just can't. please help.
my gf keeps on saying she wants to off herself because of her situation right now, what do i say? she s so stressed because of her dad and studies. w dad my girlfriend's family is in incredible debt right now because of her dad, they own a small store that sells daily needs. her dad drinks every night and he gets the alcohol they drink from their store, and expects her mother to pay for the alcohol. her dad also loans a shit ton of money from loaning centers. w studies she's in her 3rd year of college right now and apparently in one of her subjects, they only have 2 exams per semester and she's failed both of those exams, last tuesday was the second and it's been fucking her up so much. she did an assignment, a plate cause she's in engineering , she asked from another block what the problem was 3 days ago, but she found out this afternoon from her classmate that the professor changed one detail in the problem that would change the entire equation, she couldn't pass it in time. i'm talking to her now but i don't know what to say anymore, i've said everything that i could. any advice would help.
i am falling apart. i've truly never felt this overwhelmed before. i 19 f just started a nursing program and work almost full time. i just moved a few months ago into my first apartment and on top of that got a new car. i ended up leasing because it was my best option but, it is a lot to take on and i had to because my old car was 25 years old and falling apart. i have been sleeping 5 hours a night on average, struggling to work enough to pay my bills, and studying every waking moment of every day every chance that i get. i have a job that is stressful and my manager doesn't respect or appreciate the 4 employees he has and is about to lose them. does not get that i cannot work 60 hours a week anymore and i cannot teleport from class to work 30 minute away immediately as class is over. it is week 3 and i have lost 15 pounds. most of the time i don't know where i'm at or what i'm doing. my hair is falling out, i'm nauseous, have no appetite, not sleeping, confused. i generally feel either nothing at all or i am crying and i feel like i and my life is falling apart. will this get better?
post grad application and butter fingers i applied for a masters program in a field that i m really passionate about. i was actually accepted into the program the year before but because of funding issues, i had to turn down the offer. this year i made sure to apply for many different scholarship and have managed to secure partial funding at least so it seemed like everything was looking up for me! then last month my laptop was stolen really scary situation that i m not gonna into detail about and i ve had to email the university using my cell phone instead of my laptop like usual. i realized i ve been sending draft emails through to the admissions office and associate prof while i was trying to save them and i genuinely just want to cry and give up. it s such a stupid mistake and given the lack of response on the professor s part i m thinking this might ruin my chances. i was so proud of my personal statement and had really solid references but now i m doubting everything about my application and myself. edit i received an offer and have chatted to the prof, everything is good now!
sick from stress have been getting physically ill from the stresses of a not so good living situation lately.. flu like symptoms, stomach upsets, fever. this is the second time it's happened in response to this stressor in the span of a month and i was down for the count for a whole week the last time.. had my partner and i take covid tests and everything because we thought maybe it was an actual sickness, but things came back normal. now i know stress can lead to a weakened immune system, but how do i help reduce my susceptibility to getting sick from it? it's honestly been pretty scary.. i've heard of people having strokes from just stress and that's what happened to my mom so there's a family history there. i've been doing my best to try and take care of myself and ease my mind, watching my comfort shows, listening to my comfort music.. but nothing seems to be helping much. any advice or support appreciated, honestly just want to know that i'm not alone with this.. it'll be another week of nursing myself and my partner back to health and i hate feeling so bad for no good reason.
his price is even higher than what i was told and he said that's after a discount. i'm a college student and apart from tuition i have food and other things to fund and i thought that by paying this much i'd at least get my money's worth in therapy, but other than telling him about my anxiety and family, and having him tell me i probably have ocd and anxiety disorder, all i seem to hear is the rates of the therapies and how it would take over a year of dynamic therapy, preferably 2 times a week, at 80 a session, and that i should be able to commit if i want to continue. the second session he continued with this spending nearly 30 minutes saying i have 3 options, seeing a psychiatrist and taking pills, going to cbt to treat 'only the symptoms' or seeing a dynamic therapist like him for sessions which would take a year at least to see results. what's more, the second the clock ticks 50 minutes he says have a nice day and sort of kicks me out. so i'm supposed to believe this person talking about money on time i pay him money to talk to me about my greatest fears is gonna help me?
stressed about speaking a second language i m doing this post almost holding a panic attack, but let's go. i'm not an english speaker. recently, i moved to a country non english speaker either for a job that only uses english . everyone i ve dealt with has some international background with a good spoken english or is native. it's my first international position and my first time living abroad. and i've never been so stressed with my spoken english. last week, twice during a meeting, my boss mentioned it in front of everyone. everyone with such a diverse background compared to my mediocre one. since this situation, my confidence has disappeared, and i have felt that my spoken english has worsened. at the same time, i've been so paranoid about it, that i noticed some behaviors that worried me like being fixed on only consuming english content, avoiding and culprit myself for even thinking in my native language . i'm petrified. i feel i'm losing the respect of my colleagues... does anyone have some ideas or suggestions? my writing improved a lot, but my speaking... damn...
i think i have a huge burnout, help? symptoms physically and mentally exhausted, not able to work or study, brushing teeth is nearly impossible cause i had alot of stress from many things at the same time friendships not going well emotional stress , having to prevent friends from suicide very exhausting , having way too much mandatory homework from university, depression diagnosed and more sources of stress in short i had to deal with much more things than i could. i ended up turning into a terrible lazy person who doesnt care about homework, friends or anything in life. in january i already quit university. sent them an email, goodbye! and now im at my parents home 24 7. it helps to feel less stressed but my energy level is still so low that it hasnt really improved yet. i want to move on and do something but i know i don't have the energy for it. and there are still sources that give me stress, such as friendships going bad, friends being suicidal, my depression, things in life im unhappy about etc. so even though i have 100 free time im still feeling stressed.
stressed idk why but i always start to feel like shit when i gotta get ready to try and go to sleep. my mind starts going to i won't make it outta here at random moments. i'm just thinking about these jobs like wingstop is only paying 11 and apparently you can get a lot of hours when the new location opens up but i keep stressing about moving. some people have it so fuckin easy where they can just get up and go. i don't have it like that. it's already hard to save money and than the stress of thinking about saving to move, saving to get a bike, possibly tryna get a license and car. i've been in this city so long, it's literally taking all of my energy. how do i start thinking i'll make it outta here? will it ever happen? i wanna get back into school but idk what i wanna do but i gotta do something if i wanna get outta here. idk who else might be in a situation like mine but damn this shit is so annoying. working and making the bare minimum just to try and get by smh. i keep tryna think it'll be ok but idk. i really wanna move to have way better opportunities.
stress connected to a new job position. i've recently started a new job position at my current company and have a serious case of imposter syndrome. this position comes with a host of new responsibilities, and i feel as though i'm not performing as well as i should be and i keep making mistakes, i am still in training however i can't help but feel like i'm underperforming and it is mainly to do with stress, i'm stressed out and overwhelmed so i make mistakes and then stress about those same mistakes and it has become this vicious circle. i also haven't been sleeping. it is the only thing i can think about and it's destroying my confidence. i've been having multiple panic attacks sometimes multiple times a day during my breaks and when i am alone at home and have very recently started therapy to try and deal with this however i feel like it's just eating me alive. has anybody experienced anything similar and perhaps give me a bit of perspective? or advice on how you have dealt with this kind of stress? sorry if this is the wrong kind of post for this sub. tia.
irritability hello everyone how is it going, im from colombia and since i was 10 or so, im so irritable, a loose lace, i explode, i hit my elbow, instant artery burst, everything from the smallest things gets me mad, im so worried all the time, games stresses me out, im a walking talking corpse of how skinny i look, food barely nourishes me, and im about to graduate from something so hard to get a job from and a career i didnt enjoy as i would have liked graphic communication graphic design with focus on digital illustration, pretty much i kneecapped myself and looking at my best friend, with a girlfriend, a nice job makes me go nuts not jealousness, as he deserves his success but i thought i did too , anxiety is taking its toll my and my mind constantly fight like we were a dysfunctional married couple, is this a mental health issue or just me not growing up the ole git gut but not darksouls but real life, i can count how many things i like, but is impossible to count how many i dont, so many things i hate it cant be normal, so what do you think good people?
restricting stressors on devices. help! hi all, i thought this would be a good place to ask. sometimes its best for my stress and anxiety to flat out block apps and websites that cause me stress. i have a very bad habit of wanting to dig things up from the past, even if they would hurt me, and often times the best way for me to combat this is to restrict myself from accessing social media. right now i've been using an app called 'freedom' which has been very useful. the issue? i've figured out how to disable it whenever i want. knowing that at any point i could breach the restrictions i put in place just makes me super anxious. i'm able to go into the vpn settings and turn off 'connect on demand' which allows me to bypass the block. does anyone know any surefire way i can block things, and not have access to them? being able to set a block on social media for 24 hours is often the best way i can get back on track with my day, and stop stressing over digging up things that would hurt me. is self discipline my only option, or is there a better way?
feeling like an anchor it's been almost a year since i started working in my professor's chemistry lab. i've been tasked with synthesizing a compound and i keep making stupid mistakes. since someone else in the lab needs this compound for their synthesis, my friend needs to make mine in addition to her own. the first two times my professor was fine with the mistakes and kinda expected it but it's been 5 times now and her patience is fleeting. i have been improving but this rate is way too slow. i can't remember the last time i've taken this long to get the hang of something. i'm gonna graduate with my bachelor's this summer and start graduate school soon so i feel like i can't afford to be making rookie mistakes at this stage. all of this has given me some imposter syndrome as i watch my peers execute their projects near flawlessly, especially while my family keeps calling to mention how proud they are of me. just wanted to vent my frustrations. i'm an optimist by nature but consecutive failures keep proving my optimistic mindset incorrect.
the real irony is that had my dad told the truth about the car, he would be home right now plotting his next scheme, but instead he lied and got caught because of his arrogance. the problem we face now, is that there is always the chance my dad might sign the documents and they let him out he'll probably weasel money out of his youngest brother my uncle to pay the bail , and then we have to contend with the possibility my dad has something else planned to get us, which he probably does because that's his gig and his only goal in life since his big revelation after the pace maker got put in. my dad cannot talk to bart or dandy because they are witnesses, and he can't have any communication with my mom either. myself and my brothers are contemplating getting a restraining order of some kind, but given how my dad operates, i'm not sure that will actually protect us from any harm. i have an appointment with doctor doorstall this thursday, probably won't get anywhere but i'm sure he is aware of my dad's situation by now, or will be soon.
in the meantime this girl texted asking what time he'd be there, but he didn't reply. following day when she asked why he didn't reply show, instead of sharing that he was saw me, he made up a story how he got stuck driving someone to the airport then followed with i wanted to see you more than anything. at this point i royally freaked out and he said the reason he made up the story about driving to the airport was because now that it looked like he committed to attending, it'd be easier to come up with some urgent non negotiable reason why he couldn't make it rather than look like a jerk that ditched last minute for something else that popped up without giving any notice . again understandable. i do buy the story because when the girl called, she told me nothing was going on beyond friendship and that they hadn't talked in forever, she said she herself was busy with a new relationship which why is they hadn't talked beyond simple texts here and there, which would explain why she didn't know he was dating me just until that moment.
might leave job and feeling guilty hey. i've been here about my stress before, but for those who don't know. i'm a student in gymnasium 11th grade , and i got stress, motivation and depression issues. recently we've had a young worker shortage, causing me to shift weekends. before i had weekends with my favourite manager let's call him peter , and my favourite collegue, now i'm with a leader i hate let's call him donald . he doesn't respect us, it's always our fault, so on so fourth. i've used this work as a productive outlet, where i can feel like i have a purpose, however it has still layed pressure on me. i want to quit now, not because i don't want the money, but because i can't keep this up with stress, and with the new leader, i feel like it's going up in flames. problem is, i feel really guilty for it. peter is the guy who has to deal with it, and we are currently lacking 5 workers, and the company is in need of me. but i just can't handle this, the new weekend was a breaking point for me. what should i do?
worried about my gap year i am a college senior and lately i have been stressed to the point that it has been affecting my sleep schedule. currently i am taking a gap year to retake some prerequisites and study for the mcat med school, i don t live at home due to my school being far away, but i am stress that i have to be at home and study for it. i didn t have my own room before i left to college. i had to lose one of the unused rooms in my house as my personal room, unfortunately, my parents decided that they prefer this room compared to the master bedroom. it was fine at the moment because i was away at college and i had a house near my school. now that i m about to graduate and hopefully move back home to save money i have brought up this issue if i could get the room back but instead of hearing me out, they had stated that i can just go to the library study. i am not sure whether or not i should just suck it up and move back home or save up enough money to move out officially. any advice would be wonderful!
neck tension hi all. i've been dealing with neck shoulder tension for years. i am a software developer with likely bad posture for over 10 years. lately i'm quite stressed as well. all in all i'm in a constant state of neck shoulder tension. amp x200b i've tried so many things but nothing releases it. i have one of those shoulder massagers from amazon it actually feels quite good especially when it rolls up my neck but i feel like i can do it forever and there is just infinite tension there shouldn't it stop at some point? i've seen some threads on here but looking to make my own i guess. amp x200b things i tried pt chiro neck shoulder massager stretches heat pads these actually help a little but i don't think i should be walking around every day with heat pads..maybe i can? magnesium oil like 6 different pillows none of them result in me waking up without a stiff neck. down pillows, thin, thick, memory foam, nothing! foam roller theracane tennis balls has anyone found anything that actually works, and fast?
i feel like im about to implode from stress i'm 21 years old and i recently enrolled in college i ended up choosing a really hard course. my parents were paying for it but i still failed them and i had no choice but to drop the course. i went to go drop it today however on the way out i got into a fender bender which will be my second accident this year and i'm still on my parents insurance. i'm such a colossal fuckup and i don't know what i can do to repair this situation. i'm going to go get a job soon so the finical strain wont be too hard but i just cant believe how much ive ruined my parents trust they placed in me. the worst part is its all my fault i just cant believe how easy it is to ruin trust and respect and how hard it is to earn it back. i feel paralyzed i cant calm down and this is ontop of the fact that i have anxiety over searching for a job. i threw up due to how stressed i was. i feel like i cant talk to anyone but strangers about how bad i feel right now. i just have no idea how to be ok.
hi everyone, this is my story, what i've been able to take away from it, and the feelings and the hurt that have lingered, as well as questions. warning, this is kind of a long post, but there is a lot i need to say and just get out of my head. trigger and content warnings explicit mentions of sex acts with some details,mentions of coercion, mentions of being threatened, mentions of alcoholism. things to know about me, for the context of my life and who i am i am 24, i am queer, my pronouns are she her, i am trans gender woman please google if you are unfamiliar with the terms , i am autistic, and as a child i was home schooled for a very long time and lived in the middle of nowhere farm country, with no buses, sidewalks, or means of transportation. when i was 13, i had just found out my father was diagnosed with early onset dementia and i was stricken, to say the least, knowing that my already dysfunctional family was about to go through the horrors of watching my father become less and less of himself.
stress induced diverticulitis? curious if anyone else here has suffered diverticulitis, as i am currently on my 5th flare up and my doctor is recommending surgery evaluation since its happened to many times. i have been under a ridiculous amount of stress lately at work not that it is a contest , and i decided to research if stress was a factor with diverticulitis. turns out it apparently can be, so now i'm trying to find better ways to deal with my stress in hopes that it will help resolve this problem without surgery. my primary form of stress relief since last year has been freestyle bmx. i have found after a particularly stressing day, just going out there and hitting the skatepark or practicing new tricks really helps alot. leading up to this latest incident i also was unable to ride for 2 weeks due to my bike being repaired, so that got me thinking about stress, or if its coincidental that this happened again after i had no stress outlet for 2 weeks. i need to channel my inner matthew mcconaughey
mind you we are all here from dss social services and in this homeless motel shelter so now it is about 10 00pm and once again he knocks on their door and tells them to turn it down and to be quiet. nope...that's just not going to happen, as soon as he was out of earshot the crap music and loud partying resumed. so i sit in my room perplexed as what to do about this, wanting to get some much needed sleep as it seems asking them to turn the music down and to quiet down was not going to happen. obviously they're above the rules and law and don't give a shit about others in the motel so i sat there thinking and i decided to call the owner manager one last time and tell him please get these people to be quiet and turn the music down and to quit being so damn loud. he tells me i have told them 2 times to turn the music down and be quiet and they won't listen to me, why don't you call the police yourself i was floored by him saying this to me and told him it was not my job to enforce the rules, it was his.
she approached me and started to say something but i interrupted saying, if this is about my phone, i am under no obligation to share with you anything that is spoken between me and a therapist, and i do not care that this is during work, i have an emergency number to call at any time when i feel like i have to, and i felt like this was important as i don t want to go back to the psych ward. she stopped and just said oh, ok sorry. i understand that this may be a negative on my performance at work, and i may not be entirely right, but i have cut myself at work not during work but after shift and right outside at my car and the way i was feeling i needed emergency counseling. i have tried to have a conversation with her before about how i was feeling, but it didn t go so well since she felt like i was being rude, so while i am open to trying again, i want to know how i should go about it again and or should i get the manager involved? thank you for reading and i appreciate any and all responses.
i come from an asian family where kids are not expected to move out, its the opposite where kids are supposed to live at home and take care of the parents when they become adults, however living in america has made me hate this mindset because i am never able to be an individual. my dad is extremely controlling and a downright bully, he verbally abuses me and my siblings about anything possible just for the sake of abusing us. he always demands we listen to him and do things his way and if we don't we are disobedient and bad children . he even abuses my mom verbally and she knows it but deals with because its how she was raised, even random strangers like waiters and cashiers at stores are bullied, he'll complain about lines being long and blame cashiers for being slow ect. overall this mad is extremely negative and if you try to talk back or explain to him to be a little bit nicer he gets defensive and goes on a tantrum how hes our dad and we have no right to talk to him like that.
stressed out honestly i just need to tell someone like bruh i am so stressed out like sometimes i just want to end it but i usually have my reasons my dog got hit think she is paralyzed from her back legs i took her to the vet but they said i owe like 50 that i don t even remember so they didn t attend her! money struggles only one working, my dad got layed out from work and so my mother isn t working because her arthritis is getting worse. am the only one making money goes to the bills and rent coming up and i have help out like i always been since i was a kid, 18 now life is hitting me like a bitch. got my two siblings getting work is hard here ngl especially if you looking for good pay we always had this struggle i barley have time to do my own things because i work nights but honestly life is fucking all of us up rn can t really think what to say now...... not trying to say that i am like unhappy most of the time but like i just think when is this life going to get any better
first time i've not had to deal with the overbearing stress in quite a while an i'm hoping it can become more mellow from now on. work felt different, nice for normality. instead of stress, today i was bored in parts, i stopped putting a guy on a pedestal as much, i could focus on the present, i even joined in on the guy chat with 3 of them, i know they hadnt been doing guy chat with me cos i used to mainly hangout with guys an they'd just been talking about jobs when i was around, they talked about weed, wanking amp another girls underwear, they sex talk sometimes anyway but its usually along the lines of joking about my best mate id also been avoiding chilling with them when theres more than 2 there but it flowed good with 3, i also avoided using peoples names an said the same npc alright thing, be good to get back into normal convos i hope life can just be less stressful for a while an i hope i can get to be a less recluse version of myself an talk regularly. just relax more.
decrease stress by adding a hormetic stressor into your life. one of the best ways to decrease how much total stress you experience is by adding good forms of stress short and moderate called hormetic stressors. cold water is a prototypical hormetic stressor. it releases stress hormones like adrenaline and noradrenaline but it is short and not extreme. we just launched an app that provides guided cold showers to make it easy for you to do them. it is led by a master chief navy seal. we teach you a set of mental tools around tactical breathwort, body relaxation, self talk, etc. these tools not only make cold showers easier but they also help you handle stress more generally. in fact, the best way to train yourself to handle stress better is to systematically stress yourself and then practice these tools while stressed. if you do that, these tools will become reflexive any time your body generates stress hormones. getmental.com one side note the app is geared generally to men.
i have so much to do and no motivation to do it i need to write cards, i hate writing cards. i never know what to say. i also don t know who to write them to bc dad didn t make a full list for me. then i have this ten hour math thing i need to do for college cause i don t wanna take two math classes. i m also struggling to figure out what kind of computer i need to college cause originally i was gonna just get an ipad but i m being told ser eral different things that all make sense. it s really got me down and thinking of whether i made the right choice to go to college. im not smart, im not motivated, im not independent, i don t even know how my bank account works or how im supposed to work on campus. which i have to sign up for a job. crap that s another thing i have to do. i feel so worthless and stressed. i wish the tree by my house would just fall on me and kill me. it would make my life so much easier. ik my family would hurt but i don t feel lived by them anyways
he explained that he didn t think it was such a big deal that he disclosed such personal information about me without my permission to his friends then he tried to flip it and said it was no different then a time i canceled plans with a friend and told them the reason was because he, tom was sick with the flu and i was going to stay in and take care of him. how is me honestly explaining that the reason i would have to cancel on a friend because my boyfriend is sick, the same as him giving away very detailed information about our sex life plus other very personal traumas that i experienced without my permission? i feel like he s trying to gaslight me and i m seeing a side to him i ve never seen. i m honestly thinking about ending things with him over this. tl dr my boyfriend told his friends very detailed information about our sex life plus other personal things about my life without my permission and i feel so betrayed but he s trying to act like it s no big deal.
what if some stress actually protects your body? stress has been linked to all sorts of serious health issues, from insomnia to high blood pressure, obesity and even heart disease. but it s generally acknowledged that some stress can also be helpful, like when someone s chasing a work deadline. but what if some level of stress can actually protect the body? https www.newswise.com articles what if some stress actually protects your body a new study by researchers at the case western reserve university school of medicine, with findings published sept. 26 in proceedings of the national academy of sciences, suggests the immune system may benefit from a measure of stress. this one of the few studies showing that chronic stress could have beneficial effect instead of negative effect, said senior author fabio cominelli, professor of medicine and pathology and associate dean for program development at the school of medicine. this was a little bit of a surprise for us.
is it okay that i did nothing over my month off from university? hi all, thank you for stumbling upon this post. the fall semester ended for me in mid december, and i resume for the spring semester in a week. i'm reflecting on the time i spent while having absolutely no academic, social, or financial responsibility... to say the very least, i'm not very pleased with how i dedicated my time. much of it was spent sleeping, binge watching shows, cooking, and staying inside. i did get some important things done, but i can't help but think, why couldn't i have done more? i had hoped to do some exploring or go out more frequently to enjoy the outdoors. i'm disappointed in myself for not doing so. at the same time, i'm reminding myself that i needed to not do anything for a whole month after a year and a half of consecutive working. this was my first break in a really long time. i'm just upset about how unwisely i spent it... i don't know. any advice or comments?
life is stressing i m about to turn 17 and i just got my license i put a job application in for a grocery store because i knew i needed money for gas and car insurance but what i wasn t expecting was the fact i m not gonna be able to afford gas money if i pay for insurance so now i have to find a high end paying job just to get by i m so stressed and scared and i didn t realize life was this unforgiving i knew i would need to pay for bills and taxes and all this but minimum wage is just not enough you can t survive off that i can t even work for 10 an hour and survive so now i m waiting on a call from my father to try and get a landscaping job that should pay way more but i m still gonna barely have anything i thought growing up was freedom and it was supposed make you feel happy but i feel nothing but regret sadness and fear i hope it gets better i m only 17 and i feel like i m 80 a tip to those who are younger who might see this save.your.money all of it
hourly employees start arriving at 4am and then myself and the other managers will delegate the days plan to the employees. we are typically very understaffed to be able to work in new items, recover the floor and excute the gm s planned item moves for the day, so after we delegate the managers become stockers and work alongside the hourly employees to get done. i don t mind physical labor and hard work, it s actually my favorite part of my job, but it s hard to run an operation as large as restocking and remerchandising a 200,000 sq ft facility while you are stuck stocking. the store opens at 9 30 am at which point i will try to start my administrative tasks, but just like in the morning the building is usually understaffed so it s more common than not for me to be either cashiering for several hours, or helping out in the deli and or bakery. some days i m lucky enough to get a lot of time in the office to complete my daily tasks, but most days i do not.
back ground, me and my girl have been homeless independently for about a year and we've been together for six months now. we lived in olympia washington for a while and where trying to make it and eventually move out of the toxic town. i received about 3.5k worth of back pay efc payments the state owed me and shortly after my girl's grandmother died and she wanted to make it to the funeral so we decided to make a road trip of it, get jobs in florida and be set. we figured the lower cost of living would offset the vastly lower minimum wage and we'd be fine. we both got jobs at her old workplace wendy's, never go to the lakeland highlands wendy's so many healthcode violations btw and worked for two months and got fired for bs reasons i got trained wrong and wasn't told about 60 of my responsibilities by a guy who was on his phone 75 of the time and quit a week later, she overslept and no call no showed one day and got immediately taken off the schedule
why is life so expensive i make fucking 15 an hour. i live with my mom, her boyfriend, my older sister, her boyfriend, and their 3 kids. by the way, i'm a hospital janitor. i wipe up blood, piss, shit, other various body fluids for a living. everyone at work has said give us a raise. they refuse every time. guess who the only source of income is. what they don't understand is, on top of me paying rent and providing, i have my own shit to pay for, and being broke pretty much just means i'm gonna have to go in debt, god willing my upcoming paycheck is enough put me back in the positive... hell, i messed up my wrist like 5 months ago and got it looked at, all they said was yeah it'll be fine in time and i am still getting bills from them. my family is always telling me to save up my money and get the fuck out. i couldn't agree more, i despise living with these people more than words can describe. but, if that was an option, i would have done it by now.
uncontrollable anxiety before exam i failed my driving exam 3 times, now going to try it for the 4 time. before the first try i was nerveous but it wasn't bad, and ever sicne it's just horrible. i have the exam in 2 days, and already i have stomach problems, have to go to the toilet several times a day, my stomach hurts all day, barely can eat anything, even my lower back hurts and i'm moody, and i'm not even thinking about it most of the time.. even my sleeping is messed up, waking up every 3 hours and have a hard tiem falling back. i also have acid reflux which gets severely worse during these times.. and after the exam , or while i'm driving with my instructor the pain gets better and it's almost gone. can anyone help me, or suggest me something for this? like this is unbearable.. i failed 3 times already cause of stress and it hurts me a lot cause i drive very well, even my instructor praised me a lot and felt sorry for me after the failures..
i've been skipping my classes and haven't gone out with any of my friends because i'm afraid i'm going to get sick when i go out. i'm supposed to go visit my boyfriend at his school tomorrow i'm on spring break and he's not and i'm already worrying about if i'm going to get sick and if i even want to go incase i start to feel nauseous and get a bad stomach ache while i'm there.... i'm wondering if anyone else deals with a lot of nausea from their anxiety and what they do to cope with it? i'm terrified of throwing up and so this is like the worst symptom i could ever have.... plus i always have this weird feeling in my chest throat like something is coming up or is stuck and am belching a lot, like tiny burps. i feel like i'm crumbling and am starting to really slow down... my anxiety depression has never gotten this bad before and i've just been a sad shell in my bed, can't even find the energy to turn on my tv and pay attention to anything.
i have created a non stop self fueling ball of stress that just got exponentially worse. i don't know how to deal with it. i'm currently unemployed looking for work and waiting on benefits to get approved. today my phone got cut off. i can no longer be contacted by employers. i can no longer check ei due to multifactor authentication. i can no longer call ei nor my mp. i will be talking to a realtor today to sell my house. this will mean i will be paying 4x the mortgage in rent. i am a ball of stress and have puked 3 times already this morning. i'm angry, i'm mad, i'm sad, i'm twitching. i don't know what to do. i don't even have life insurance to help my family with. i'm literally on my last nerve, leg, toe whatever. i've been doing deep breathing, whatever meditation i can and any stretches i can. i'm no use to my kids, my wife, my family or myself like this. fuck i don't even know if this is the right subreddit to vent.thanks for reading.
am i stressed? this year me and my family and i have been kicked out of our home, we're living with my stepmoms mom. my father has a stable job, and so do i, but they don't pay well. my stepmom, after 6 years, has had 2 jobs. one ended after 2 weeks last month, and she just started one recently. we have to find another place to live by the end of next month and we are no where near close to that. my hair is falling out 200 500 strands a day, i've started minoxidil and i'm constantly fluctuating in weight gain and loss. i can't stop vaping because my body needs the nicotine but at the same time it's potentially making my hair loss worse. a while back i tried to talk to them about the stress but they dismissed it as something but not stress. i'm not sure if what is happening to me is stress, or something entirely different so here i am tl dr am i stressed because family got kicked out and we have barely a chance at getting someplace new?
suddenly she snaps and goes i fucking hate my brother, he is the biggest piece of shit ever, i couldn't care less about him and just started going off. now, i know her brother can be pretty psychotic and from what shes told me he clearly has anger issues and the rest of her family keeps ignoring it, sometimes even enabling it. so 2 minutes into her exploding, she starts crying because apparently her brother told their dad something and the dad called her and said he doesn't trust her anymore or whatever. she was very upset about the dad thing because she's very close with her dad and she's her dads favorite child he told me that himself when i spoke with him . i didn't want to pry too much because i felt like it isn't exactly my business of their internal family issues, but my girlfriend screenshot the text messages her brother sent her and i just could not comprehend how a human being, especially a sibling, can say that to someone.
can stress cause missing hunger cues? i know stress can cause a lack of appetite, but can it cause hunger signals to disappear entirely? i have been dealing with an extremely stressful situation lately on a waiting list for therapy atm . the stress has been making me feel i ll mostly low energy, sore achy, headaches and stomach pain . i m used to losing my appetite when stressed or grieving, but with this situation i haven t even been feeling hungry. like, i ll go straight from fine to my stomach hurts and is growling from being empty with no warning. at the point when my stomach starts hurting, i force myself to eat something but it is difficult since my appetite is gone so nothing sounds good and it seems counterintuitive to eat when i feel nauseous. when i am able to eat, it is much less than i normally would. is this a normal stress thing, and how can i deal with this without making myself sicker or ending up with an ulcer?
school stresses me out we had a chemistry quiz today. it isn t that important since it won t affect our grades in any way but i still feel bad about it. the quiz went kinda bad. when i talked with my classmates they told me that it was hard as well but i m still stressed out about it because i very well know that some of the best students will get good grades. i feel worthless when i m academically not successful because from my childhood it was the only way that i felt loved and accepted by other people but as i grow up it gets harder and harder and i keep putting 0 effort because it has always been easy for me. or it used to be. i didn t have to put effort to be successful but now it s not the same. i feel like a failure and i feel so worthless. i m scared of disappointing my chemistry teacher. she literally smiled at me when the exam was over. she s definitely going to be disappointed. im actually really stressed out rn.
girlfriend s family stresses me we ve been dating for over a year i m m25, she s f28 and it s been pretty good! a little rocky at some points but good. live together, get along well, all that. but when we go to her family s all they do is bicker! and it s like not even with me but with each other. it s too much. and i feel like all i do when i m over there is set up for events, help clean shit, and whatever. like they yell and fuss about a lot of shit. super nice to me but idk. when i was growing up i grew up around that and now that i don t live with my family i don t have to deal with that anymore so when i m with them it s like deja vu. i communicated with my gf it really does irk and stress me but i mean i don t feel like it does any good. her dad is a hot head, mom nags too much, and hell, i love her, but my gf is too sensitive. what do i do?? any tips or tricks? if i should post this in another sub lemme know please.
i m in pain i will admit that i m a bit of a hypochondriac and have a lot of anxiety surrounding my health, but i m experiencing something i ve never gone through before. since sunday evening, my whole body has been in extreme pain and i just have that feeling i get when i m sick with something like a cold or the flu. but those are my only symptoms. i ve had 2 negative covid tests and just got a negative flu test from the doctor where they also did some lab work and gave me a prescription for my pain. the only other explanation i can think of for the cause of this is that i got extremely depressed and stressed out last week. i m not new to stress or depression though, and i ve never had this type of reaction before. just wondered if anyone had any ideas or has experienced anything like this. i m worried this is all in my head even though my pain feels very real and severe, and it doesn t seem to be letting up at all.
my father was diagnosed with stage 4 prostate cancer, and while it's well controlled, the side effects of his hormonal and chemo treatments have left him far more emotional but, at least, unable to just sublimate his depression anxiety into anger and vent it at any available target anymore , and the physical side effects have forced him into an early retirement, meaning 80 of the time he's home and sitting in the livingroom. he's no longer directing the same vitriol and venom at me that he used to, and neither does my sister, but... it's all the little things they do to invalidate my feelings, treating more like a live in servant than a family member, and the occasional outbursts if they get angry upset that trigger me badly... it's making me lose ground, lose progress, and i'm having more and more trouble coping with everyday life... and i'm afraid i'm going to just, break. crumble under the weight of it all...
it does not help that my mom leans on me and only me emotionally, when it comes to my father who i don't have a relationship with and all their financial issues etc...i am dealing with a lot personally, and then on the outside there family stuff on top of me too, and i feel trapped honestly. i went to see a counselor in college and he thought if i got more of a routine going i would be fine, he also was extremely judgemental and scolded me for not coming into college regularly, he didn't believe me things i told him, so i left. i did go to a counselor about 12 times after the abusive relationship ended, i still felt vulnerable and scared leaving it that place and told her i don't feel ready to stop this. she said there was nothing more she could do. now i am at the point where i feel like there is nothing nobody can do for me, i feel emotionally trapped and i don't know what to do, or where to go anymore.
stress headache? hi 27m, 185lbs, 5'11 here. the last two days i've been pretty stressed out with work and started noticing that to the left of my left eye little close to the side forehead i've been getting this awful pinching feeling that comes and goes. i drink some caffeine during the day, but today decided to lay off of it and it's still coming in waves. the best i can describe it as a pinching vain. i started worrying that it might be a stroke or aneurysm but quickly chalked that up to just being anxiety. i've been feeling a little foggy minded too so i wonder if that has come to play too? yesterday night i drank a few beers and it seemed to help, but then came back when i was sober. i take an antidepressant, and ritalin daily but have been on them for years so i really don't think that's the case. does anyone else get this headache feeling? if so, remedies? or should i go see a doctor? thanks.
my boyfriend and i have been together for 2 years, he's in college and he wants to work to have extra spending money, his friend who works at a restaurant said that he'd help him get a job there. the staff at this restaurant are at least 90 female and i'm not really okay with this, i don't know what to say to him about it so i haven't mentioned the thing about other girls, but i have expressed that i would rather he not get a job. my family is from chile and my father had an investors visa and that is how we got to the us, my parents are very well off and i have told my boyfriend that i'd be completely fine with financially supporting him at least even just while he's in school, and he said he still wants a job for the social aspect as well . which kinda seemed odd to me, why would he want job for the social aspect even if he doesn't need the money? when the job is at a place that is over 90 female?
acute stress disorder i thought i had it under control, then i had a surgery and was put into surgical menopause, then well. title says the rest. i'm on short term disability leave, i got put on another team in a lower role for when i return to work, but i can't let this happen again. my triggers ive found are repeating myself, getting ignored completely, have time for a quick call? , and having to do other people's jobs for them. now this all being said, none of that should have been happening anyway because all that is supposed to go to my tom, not me. they're letting me back in little by little to avoid another nervous breakdown next week, but i'm already feeling the stress. i can't take long walks yet, can't do light cleaning, no baths for 8 more weeks, can't do really anything physical surgery restrictions , so i need some ideas how to cope. or ideas on reasonable boundaries i can set. thanks!
i spent the next few years being extremely reckless and impulsive. my home life was never easy i had an odd relationship with most of my relatives except my mom who was probably the only reason why i am even stable to this day. my brother was always seen as the golden child and me as the problem child so i was constantly shamed by extended family for being so impulsive and reckless which we all know is common signs of ptsd in adolescents. i think my mom was ashamed of my initial assault and though i was able to get help i was never allowed to tell anyone about it and a lot of my extended family i didn't even tell until the last couple of years so this has left a strange dynamic for me of not knowing how i feel about telling people my story but also desperately wanting to share it. in 2011 i finally met my husband who is the only reason i'm even doing as successful as i am today.
last week i posted about having to travel to melbourne with my sister who is a really nasty person, well it ended up being exactly what i feared, she was just plain nasty to me the entire 3 days. from the moment we arrived at out rented apartment, she would just do nothing but complain about me, saying that i'm so over dramatic and that i'm just anxious for attention .......i mean really? i never wanted to be like this, and she has the way of making me feel like i'm a bad and worthless person. now i will admit she has issues of her own, she has been pregnant so i can excuse her for that, but she has been like this for a few years now, i remember how i was anxious about my elbow swelling up and she said it was nothing and it turned out to be cellulitis. ever since i came back from melbourne, i've just been overthinking things, and when i do, it flares the anxiety right up.
always stressed, even though i don't have a lot do stress about so i don't have anything that i really need to do, except for two school projects. one of them is a sewing project, and i know i can get that done fast enough, and the other is a important ish project assigned by a really nice teacher that will give extensions. i probably should have finished them a few days into the break, but i keep putting it off. i'm always thinking about it, and i just tell myself i'll do it later. then i do something else and forget about it. but when i do remember it, i don't feel like doing it. i have all this free time and i just waste it. there's only a few more days until it's due but i keep putting it off and i know that i'll have to do it last minute. i'm working on it little by little to try to stress less, but i don't want this to happen again. what can i do to fix this?
i think i have a stress problem i find myself either always thinking and over thinking things, or crying about things i can t change and it always leaves me extremely stressed out all the time. things that stress me out everyday the way i look the way my skin feels looks with makeup on the fact my skin never gets better no matter how much i wash it my hair. how dry my hair is today. if it looks right how much water i ve drank today. when to drink water what i ve ate today. if i ve ate too much bloating. why i m always bloated, how to fix this issue the fact i can t drive the fact i can t leave home because i can t drive my friends hang out without me everyday the way i look again these are things that run through my mind every single day and they stress me out so bad. this is what my mind looks like 24 7 and i don t know how to stop stressing out over these things
i can't be having ptsd from something as mild as what happened even though i have pretty much all the symptoms. i feel i'm just lying to myself. i probably just want attention. i feel like a huge fraud... how am i even supposed to heal when i'm probably making everything up, i'm probably not broken, i'm just going to get yelled at again at the new therapy place like my last one because i'll be mute every session don't even know why, i tell myself because i'm not ready to talk about it but it's been over 5 years since the last case and all this crap is minor, so it's probably just being ashamed over doing all this crap for god knows why when barely anything happened to me... , because i'm not trying . i don't even know why i'm posting this, probably just begging for more attention, i've pushed the last true friend i had away a few days ago over my fears of therapy.
why are some people care free and others can t stop stressing? i feel like i m always surrounded by people who seem to be so care free. they never worry about anything and wave their hand at any problem they seem to come across. basically the who cares, if it happens it happens mindset. it makes me envy those people because i feel like i m always worried about every scenario and what if this what if that? is it possible to change into that mindset of not caring or worrying about something until or when it happens? i ve tried so many times but can t seem to get there. my mind is over analyzing every possible scenario 24 7 and idk how to stop. i feel like if i come across a situation that is out of my control, my mind just freaks out and i loose sleep and over analyze every possible scenario and the only way to be calm is to not be in that situation to begin with.
three months of this and talking with the one friend whom i could call for free between 9pm and 6am due to at t's gophone policies whenever i could get away with it, or texting on a nokia tracphone the ancient indestructible brick phone , and my sister lashing out at me about being ungrateful that they allowed me to come over and use the internet, triggered by my snapping back due to, something, i can't remember, and i just, stopped asking. ended up losing contact with everyone but the one friend i could talk to maybe, once or twice a week for a couple hours. she'd try to keep me apprised of stuff going on with folks, and those phonecalls ended up bring the spark that bloomed into us being a couple, but... it wasn't enough. the same negativity, the same feelings of selfhatred, of self disgust, of believing everything my father had dumped on me slowly took over.
tw sexual abuse mentions when i was 14 i was sexually abused regularly for 8 months, resulting in ptsd, and recently i realised that afterwards i completely changed how i looked. i went from being this pretty normal looking student, short cropped hair, i would wear normal casual clothing on weekends, i was healthy, all that, now, over three years later i look completely different, i'm stick thin, hair grown out past my shoulders, i only wear black and almost always clothes that cover as much of me as possible, heavy scarring covering the majority of my body, and messy facial hair growing in. i feel like i've completely altered myself so nobody is tempted to hurt me again, like i'm blaming how i looked for what happened, so completely changing it seemed like the most sensible thing. i've never heard of anyone else doing this before though, is this normal ?
need some advice asap hello there. i am a 22 years old female who stresses with every single thing. i was always just like that, but the last year...stress is really destroying my life! i am at the senior year of my studies and right now i am giving my final exams and i just can't handle this. i have to give a tone of exams because i skipped them due to my fear of black out the time they ask me something. the last time i just burst into tears. this is awful because i really try... really! i know everything they ask me and i just can't answer it, i can't my mind stops working. plus it is very ugly to have my teachers see me in this situation. this is not their problem but mine's and i don't have a clue what to do . please tell me if there's a way dealing with it generally but especially with if there are some tricks to deal with it while giving exams.
do i quit a job with amazing benefits retirement vacation pension? i am on the verge of quitting one of the highest paying jobs i believe i will ever see in my life. comes with retirement, vacation, bonuses, annual raises, pension, the list goes on not to mention the insurance is free.. yes. free! that means for a 2000 dollar medical bill, i might pay 12 dollars. why do i want to throw it away? because from the moment i started working here i ve been over worked. i come home exhausted and often times i m throwing up. my weight has declined dramatically. my sleep is not a regular sleeping schedule as i signed up for 3am 9am but the time is always changing. 2 15 start time? sure! next day 4 am start time? why the hell not?! my physical and mental health was far better when i was working as a subcontractor. highly considering going back. any thoughts?
i have had mobility issues since i was twenty three following a difficult pregnancy that triggered inflammatory arthritis and fibromyalgia chronic fatigue syndrome. over the years i've had a few falls due to being very unsteady on my feet at the best of times, which have added to my mobility issues. my right ankle and calf are permanently injured, i have achilles tendonitis, plantar faciitis and the muscle in my calf has tightened so much due to the shortening of my tendons that my foot points instead of sitting normal ly. i have osteoarthritis in my right hip, which slips in the socket and causes a lot of pain, and this has all had an ongoing impact on the rest of my body as my back often spasms or locks and i have issues with a frozen shoulder that limits the use of my right arm. on top of all of this, i have kidney, liver and bladder problems.
i have had mobility issues since i was twenty three following a difficult pregnancy that triggered inflammatory arthritis and fibromyalgia chronic fatigue syndrome. over the years i've had a few falls due to being very unsteady on my feet at the best of times, which have added to my mobility issues. my right ankle and calf are permanently injured, i have achilles tendonitis, plantar faciitis and the muscle in my calf has tightened so much due to the shortening of my tendons that my foot points instead of sitting normally. i have osteoarthritis in my right hip, which slips in the socket and causes a lot of pain, and this has all had an ongoing impact on the rest of my body as my back often spasms or locks and i have issues with a frozen shoulder that limits the use of my right arm. on top of all of this, i have kidney, liver and bladder problems.
subjects needed for a study on cbd and social anxiety do you get anxious in social situations? you may be eligible to participate in an in person study conducted by the anxiety, stress, and prolonged grief program at nyu langone health. eligible participants with social anxiety disorder will be randomized to a 3 week intervention of cannabidiol cbd or placebo. participation in this study requires 6 study visits over a month long period, including several blood tests and an fmri neuroimaging scan. eligible participants will receive compensation for their time. if you are located in nyc, a right handed person, between the ages of 18 45, and are interested in this study, please complete the prescreen survey here https openredcap.nyumc.org apps redcap surveys ?s cdwkr4k8dxlkf3tn https openredcap.nyumc.org apps redcap surveys ?s cdwkr4k8dxlkf3tn .
my gf dumped me and was honest .. you are the sweetest guy and made me feel like angel but sorry i can t handle you scar and it embarrasses me in public and her friends made fun of her for being in a relationship with a scarface . i always hate my life because of this scar ... im tired and always stay at home to avoide people there just no solution for it and i don t blame my ex she was crying when she told me the truth ... the real problem is people judment im a very nice person and people just think im a bad guys who got this scar from a fight tldr got dumped because of a scar on my face and i don t think there would be any girl who loves me and accept me .. is there any girl on earth would accept to be in a relation ship with someone who looks like a criminal? ..i don t know why im writing this post just want to let it out .. thank you
on to friends, i recently moved into my first apartment with my college roommate, her boyfriend, and another girl. i just feel lie everyone else in the house is so much closer and its really nerve wracking living with people in the first place especially because i know the boyfriend is a bit more reserved and having trouble adjusting i think to living with three girls. my roommate from last year is trying to be supportive but i know my low energy along with her own problems is sucking the life out of her som im trying not to bother her. in the past month, i've broken up with a creepy guy, taken my friend to the er, constantly felt ignored because technology sucks and i'm left on read if i even try, an ex has obsessively messaged me, and then the whole issues with the friends also in the leadership of clubs with me. im just a fucking mess.
college stress hi, im currently at a college i hate about 3 hours from home. ive had a very bad semester where i developed anxiety and depression symptoms. the academic part wasnt the issue, but living in a city with nothing i enjoy doing is what was so hard. i was bored everyday until friday night, i would just pace in my room watching youtube and never leaving. i have recently started eating less, adn wanting to do less. i just find it weid that all this can happen when im so close to leaving. i talked to someone i know whos dealt with anxiety for a while and they said it common to get worse for a few days when you're so close to being done. just wondering if anyone could confirm this? also with me eating less, my stomach is telling me im hungry, but i dont feel like getting food all the time i dont feel like doing much here at all .
being a single parent, working, and going to school is killing me i love my son. he is my rock, my world and the reason i am pushing myself. but, it s reached a point where i am breaking. i hardly eat because i don t have time to cook and prepared foods are expensive and unhealthy. i m buried in school work already, i have to work to earn a paycheck and my son has needs too. i had been having awful migraines last semester and now they are back and this time i am nauseous too. i was dry heaving for 20 minutes. right now my head hurts so bad that i am seeing flashing lights and feeling dizzy. i tried eating a banana and some crackers and drank some coffee, but it hasn t lessened. i don t know what to do. i am out of pto due to covid and can lose my job for calling out, which i don t wanna do because i have so much on my plate already.
i broke up with my bf of 2.5 yrs on sunday after suspecting he was the reason why i had fallen into depression for the past year or so. i became more irritable, rude, negative and angry... which was not like my usual positive, polite, and bubbly self. he was often very negative, had anger issues tantrums, impatient, interrupted me a lot, would ditch me for cocaine, didn't know how to drink alcohol often consumes until he pukes , was a hypochondriac, always broke yet had money for weed shatter or sports betting or junk food or alcohol... , but at the same time did not look after his own health unless i pushed him to... just a lot of care taking and issues. he has depression and anxiety as well. one of the things that really killed me inside about him was his last girlfriend who had died in a car crash about 1 year before he met me.
i knew that he was scary when he would pray in front of me, yet the entire thing was an angry attack on god not trying to get into beliefs here, just what happened. i knew he knew how wrong he was when he told me one day to not tell anyone but that he actually had threatened suicide in front of his ex wife with a knife, yet still painted her as the evil doer in the story. i knew he was lying when he made sure to tell me about how crazy one of his exes went at the end accusing him of rape why would he even bring it up!! and how after he took another ex home from injury while we were together, that she might try to lie to me and say that something happened, but nothing did! it gave me chills when this man would tell me if his ex wasn't his child's mother he would have had her murdered long ago, and that he had friends offer to help!
lost best friend of 12 years also i think i have some type of skin things weather it's mites or fleas or scabies or something idk i'm guessing scabbies and i've tried the remedy for it multiple times but it didn't cure it just kinda lessened the symptoms so w e it is i have or if it's all in my head i have no idea also been getting alot of headaches but yeah and i'm completely confused and i have no idea what to do or anything i've been researching and trying to find stuff but google isn't that good apparently, i've found out about couchsurfers, dumpster divers, and stuff i just i don't know what to do i really just wish i could start over, or find some kinda self help group or facility. some where that could help me out with life skills and with my confusion, depression etc again im just really confused and not sure what to do.
i am alone, and i don't know what to do. at this time i'm most interested in any 'quick tips' that can be offered on how to manage feelings of violation, betrayal, humiliation, distress, anger at the abuser and all those who stood by, ignoring the damage she was inflicting, anger at those who have protected her at the expense of her victims, anger at my family for their mistreatment, and how they effectively set me up for future abuse. dissociative symptoms are a significant problem at this time. focusing on a movie, tv show, video game, book, even a short song can be impossible at times. the interest in 'quick tips' on how to manage those overwhelming emotions is an attempt to make it feasible to read a fre books i'm hoping might help pete walker's cptsd and james chu's rebuilding shattered lives, mackenzie's psychopath free .
gastrointestinal problems that don't go away hey guys! these past 2 months have been very exhausting for me because i've been having gastrointestinal problems that just don't go away. i went to 2 different doctors and they give me medication and it's 80 ok while i take it but when i come off of them the symptoms appear again. i have stomach acid and i had some gallbladder problems, now i think i've developed ibs. i'm planning to go see a doctor again next week. i am really stressed and i feel burned out because i do everything right and they don't want to go away. my hope is that it will get better after i move out for college on sunday but that may not fix it, and there is a chance it will be worse. how do you handle stress? have you had health problems that just didn't go away that easly? what did you do? what helped you?
its hard knowing that everyone around you doesn't have these issues, it's hard that it takes an extreme amount of work just to make a normal day in life go by smoothly which it almost never does at first i felt like i had a grasps on this whole ptsd thing because it made sense when i first got diagnosed but the longer it's been the harder this is to deal with. do you know what it's like to constantly feel uncomfortable in your own skin but you can never turn it off? this is the answer i give when people ask me what's wrong, because there's always more than one thing going on at the same time. i find myself drinking more than i'd like to admit,i never drank before this, anything to take the edge off. i feel like i'm having to teach myself everything all over again, i don't even know how to formulate that into words.
he's not seeing a therapist or psych regularly, which we agreed that he needed to be doing if he was going off his meds. i'm just at this weird point with myself where i'm holding back this resentment and anger at him for not taking care of himself, even after i've explained to him how much it stresses me out and hurts me when he is not consistent with his self care and or medication. though things are as normal as they can be right now, i find myself getting angry when he asks me to promise to do specific things for him, like do my laundry i'm a bit of a mess , because it just reminds me of how he wouldn't keep that promise yet he expects me to do things for him even though they are rational requests i should take care of anyway . well it still ended up being long, my apologies! what should i even do from here?
here are some tips for coping with work stress amp x200b 1. take breaks make sure to take regular breaks throughout the day to help you relax and recharge. 2. prioritize tasks focus on the most important tasks and break them down into smaller, manageable tasks. 3. practice self care take care of your physical and mental health by getting enough sleep, exercising, and eating well. 4. seek support talk to friends, family, or colleagues about your stress or consider seeking professional help. 5. practice mindfulness take a few moments to focus on your breathing or meditate to help reduce stress and increase focus. remember that managing work stress is a process, so be patient and kind to yourself as you find what works best for you. amp x200b have any other in mind? do share your views in the comment section below.
she has a history of being extremely over the top, and in our most recent argument she verbally abused me just for because i was upset that she broke my trust by telling my personal details to someone i didn't know. she did apologize a good day later, but only very vaguely about using cuss words and in a i'm sorry you feel that way kind of sense. i'm guessing a traditional we need to talk, it's just not working out approach would just end up with her blowing up again, and since all my past relationships ended very amicably i'm not sure what to expect. because she can be incredibly toxic, i've considered just blocking her and essentially ghosting, but i also feel like that would be very rude and she'd at least deserve an explanation. how do i break up with her without having her potentially flipping out at me?
i'm 29 and i've just committed to moving into a shared apartment in my city centre. i've never lived in a place like this before because it's an en suite with my own double bedroom and bathroom, but the kitchen and lounge is shared with about 15 other 'profressionals' it's right in the centre of a bustling city near all the bars and music venues. i've always lived in the suburbs but i've always felt a bit disconnected from everything because most of my limited social life takes place in the city centre. but now i'm scared because i'm such an introvert and there's going to be lots of people around all the time and i'm worried i've made a mistake. another big worry of mine is that my ex best friend lives just a few streets away from where i will be living and we are going to be sharing the same supermarket etc.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with everything that's being asked of me right now. with project deadlines piling up, my inbox overflowing, and personal obligations demanding my attention, i'm feeling completely overwhelmed. my mind feels cluttered, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for very long. i've been staying up late into the night trying to make progress, but my energy levels are dwindling, and i'm starting to feel the toll on my health. i'm having trouble sleeping, my head is constantly pounding, and i can't shake the feeling of being constantly behind. i know i need to take a step back and
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an overwhelming amount of work and responsibilities, and it's starting to take a toll on me. with three major deadlines looming, i find myself feeling as though i'm drowning in a sea of tasks that demand my attention. my mind is in a constant state of chaos, and my thoughts are scattered and jumbled. the weight of these obligations is heavy on my shoulders, and i can't seem to catch up, no matter how hard i try. my head aches from the strain, and my eyes feel tired and heavy from long hours spent staring at a computer screen. i've lost track of time, and my sleep patterns have become disrupted,
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several major projects at once, and the pressure is starting to mount. with each passing day, the deadlines seem to loom larger and larger, and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. my to do list seems to grow exponentially, and no matter how hard i work, it feels like i'm barely making a dent. i'm struggling to focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. my mind is constantly racing with thoughts of all the tasks i need to complete, and i can't seem to quiet the mental chatter long enough to rest. i've barely slept properly in days, and my body feels heavy and drained
i described my symptoms to friends and they would say its normal, or that they have thoughts of their own and that it's all in my head. but i knew this wasn't normal, i'm an optimistic person and i'm not afraid of people, i actually like socializing and meeting people, but my anxiety gets in the way and my fear of judgment.. but even i knew that i wasn't nervous, but my body was reacting in a way... idk how to describe it. i just wished that i could go for drinks with my girls and when guys came over, i wouldnt over analyze and get nervous... and start twitching because of all the rush of blood to my face... i dealt with this for years, and was going to just live like this... but then i went to a bar to meet up with my girlfriends but arrived late. once in the bar i saw a group of guys sitting with them.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my workload. with three major projects all demanding my attention and looming deadlines, i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make significant progress. my head is pounding, and my eyes burn from lack of sleep. i'm trying to prioritize and manage my time effectively, but it feels like no matter what i do, i'm always behind. i need a break, a reprieve from the constant pressure. i just wish i could catch up and catch my breath before it all becomes too much.
so stressed out i m sooooo stressed. my insides are twitching. i have diagnosed anxiety but it s gotten a ton better and i d say i m stressed rn , not anxious so that s good. but also not good because i just feel so stressed out. i have so much to do at work, at home. i feel like i don t have time to do it. and if i do have time then i have such low energy from being busy at work all day. gahhhhhh boss takes it easy and i end up with the work. normally i m fine with it because i do get recognition but this week was brutal. trying to buy a house, and omg the paperwork, the double guessing decisions , it s all so scary. i need to go home and clean and do laundry and make supper. and the send back housing paperwork , and review contract and plan things. trying to balance everything feels like too much rn.
it was all so quick and i try and recall now what happened and my brain jumbles up the details but he finally realized what he was doing to me and stopped. i am a small girl with a very thin build at 5'8 and 125 to 130 pounds maximum and he is a big guy at 6'5 and and 265 pounds and i had no chance of getting him to stop. he started immediately after hysterically crying because i started to hysterically cry and started to feel like i couldn't breath. he spent most of the night afterhysterically crying telling me he can't live with himself after this and how he would never put his hands on a woman but something in him just snapped but i don't know how to forgive him or let it go. i'm still so shocked by what happened i have managed to stop crying and calm down but i don't know how to move on from here.
three of them said so sorry i actually can't and gave some noncommittal excuse, whether that was work or school related even though school only started up again about a week ago and midterms are far away . i was disappointed but figured that it happens and i can still have fun with the three other people that are coming. only to wake up the next day and have the other three friends text me that they couldn't come either for varying reasons and they were so sorry . i was so upset the entire day. i had told my mom about it and she had told me that what i didn't realize was that none of them were really my close friends, since people that are actually friends don't flake out like that, plus none of them have ever come over to my place or vice versa or done anything more than hang out every now and then.
so, what is it like to work with a hypnotherapist? i m working on a collaborative exercise which will give readers a fly on the wall perspective of working with a solution focused hypnotherapist. in a nutshell, i ve partnered with social media influencer mummyconqueringanxiety https twitter.com mummyconquerin1 and we re doing a series of solution focused hypnotherapy sessions with a bias towards managing anxiety and long term wellbeing. mca is publishing a blog series based on our sessions so readers can follow her journey. in the first therapeutic session, mca started to learn the brain model which underpins solution focused hypnotherapy and enjoyed her first sfh live trance. read her post from this session here https www.mummyconqueringanxiety.com a powerful concept the ability to change our brain
my online international friend wants to kill herself and i dont know what to do for her my online best friend has countlessly mentioned wanting to kill herself mainly because her mom and grandma fight constantly every day outside of her room but also some stress she has about getting a job and things like that. this has also led to her getting sick all the time. she says she feels like a burden to her family. i dont know what to do about it or how to help her. i can't visit her yet either. i've talked to her about it and asked her to call a hotline but she doesn't want to. i say i'm always here for her time and time again and how much i love and appreciate her and she even responds saying how much she loves and is so grateful for me coming into her life but she won't change her mind. i need help!!
now the past week, anxiety has hit harder than it's ever hit before. i'm checking snapchat scores, social media activitiy, last active etc which i know is already grounds for unhealthy relationships. the problem is when we were together, and whilst we were texting chat its absolutely perfect until the past week. the texts are shorter, my messages are being ignored she's online but not reading my message for hours on end, there's no good night good morning message, it's all very limited and short. i've tried to challenge her on it as a means of settling my anxiety but this was met with a touch of hostility, in that 'yes everything is fine, i don't need to be in constant communication with you,' but i'm just so concerned that she's pulling away or losing interest and its all falling out of my hands.
i suddenly became very weak, dizzy, and tired..spending days in bed. never had a real fever..docs put it down to a post viral fatigue from something i had caught..i would get better for a few days then i would crash again. it wasn't until i had had countless tests done that came back clean..and went to the er one last time in desperation to figure out what was wrong that the doc sent me to the pysch as he suspected depression and anxiety i had lost 10lbs by then..and didn't weigh much to begin with . i was diagnosed with moderate severe clinical depression and anxiety..the pysch ruled out cfs and lyme etc since my symptoms would come and go and kept changing by the day. was prescribed ssri meds..but this gave me the worst panic attack i have experienced in my life..aaand another ambulance ride..
i copied down a problem wrong on a math test and got a completely different answer. now i m stressing i had my first calculus test today and due to feeling nervous, i accidentally copied a problem wrong which changed my answer completely. i did the steps right and i know for a fact that i could ve gotten the right answer if i hadn t misread the problem. that one problem was 15 points total and i m scared i ll lose 15 points just because the answer is different. i studied for 4 days straight prior to the test so i felt confident with my knowledge. i m just so pissed at myself because i was really looking forward to a good grade in this class. i m also stressed because i m really trying to maintain my straight a s so i can transfer to my dream university but it looks like my chances are dismal now
it s not gonna be long before i have see a therapist as by the title yes i may need to see a therapist soon for what reason you might ask well here a little background so me and my girlfriend have been dating a whole 9 months her birthday is tomorrow and valentine s day is literally right around the corner and i m trying to focus on school and she s clingy as hell which means i barely get to have my own personal space somedays i don t even get to handout with the boys because of her and school not to mention i ve got crap tons of homework everyday that i do and don t do mainly because i stay up playing video games thinking on how i can be a better boyfriend to her and i ve even gone some nights not eating and overall i ve just got a shit ton of stress and i feel like shit every day and it s hell
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several major projects, and the weight of their expectations is starting to feel unbearable. with three deadlines looming, i feel as though i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks. my mind is cluttered, my thoughts jumbled, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. my body is aching from the lack of sleep, my head pounding with every passing moment. i'm finding it difficult to keep up with even the most basic of daily routines, and the thought of adding another task to my plate feels insurmountable. i need a break, a moment to catch my breath and regain
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an avalanche of tasks and responsibilities. the weight of my workload is becoming unbearable. with several projects nearing their completion dates, i'm finding it hard to keep up. my mind feels cluttered, and my body is weary. i've been pulling long hours, sacrificing sleep to meet deadlines, but it seems like there's no end in sight. my energy levels are depleted, and i can't help but feel a sense of helplessness and anxiety. i need a break, but the thought of taking time off only adds to my stress. i fear the consequences of not meeting these deadlines, and the thought of failing
constant stress ok so normally i am a very stressed person, like i'm constantly on edge, biting my nails, and when i finish biting my nails, i bite some of the skin off in the area. i never really thought about it too much until i just looked at my hands and i noticed how bad it was. so i took a day off to relax and spend the day just making sure to not use my brain too much or do anything particularly stressful, like playing a hard videogame or solving a hard puzzle and it was alright. but here's the problem, now i feel like i can't just go back because every time i try to do something that might need concentration, i can feel my heart just going back to that level of stress and i just can't. has anyone here been in a situation that can relate to this one? if so, please tell me what you did.
waking up with anxiety amp messed up sleeping pattern so this occurs to me almost 3 4 times a week for two years, when i wake up at random times say 4am and then i can t go to sleep. i wake up all sweaty and scared, just anxious about the future. i don t think i d be this anxious if i didn t live with my parents. they re constantly stressing me out about the future and say i have no idea what i m doing with my life. i haven t even stepped in a university yet and i m slightly clueless ,but i still have an idea of what i want to do. add to that they re asian parents and i m an only child so they expect very highly of me. this feels like an r offmychest post but i d help if you have any tips on how to deal with morning stress. should i take sleeping pills to stop the messed up sleeping pattern?
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently finding myself in a whirlwind of tasks, responsibilities, and expectations, and i'm starting to feel like i'm losing control. with three major projects all demanding my attention and bearing down on me with looming deadlines, i feel as though i'm drowning in work. my mind is a jumble of to dos, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing long enough to make progress. the weight of these obligations is taking a toll on me. my headaches daily, and my sleep has become elusive, leaving me feeling fatigued and disconnected from the world around me. i'm struggling to find the motivation and energy to
she wants to do anything she can do to help me, but it's up to the state, not her, to charge me. i have, and documented once i got out of jail, a puncture bite on my right hand, a puncture bite on my left inner elbow, deep scratches all over my left arm, the skin on my scrotum was torn the jail underwear they gave me was soaked at the end of the day my lip busted open, a chipped tooth, my whole right side of my face red and sore from a dozen punches, and a welt on my left leg from her kicking me. now i'm being charged with 4th degree dv and need legal counsel to prove my innocence. i have no money to hire anyone and am still in shock that i just had to spend 17 hours in jail without given any medical aid in a small cell with 7 other inmates. i have no criminal record whatsoever until now.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. between juggling multiple projects, dealing with unexpected challenges, and trying to meet impossible deadlines, i feel like i'm constantly spinning my wheels and getting nowhere. the weight of it all is starting to bear down on me, and i can't help but feel overwhelmed. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and to dos, and i can't seem to focus on anything long enough to make real progress. i've barely slept in days, and my body feels heavy and drained. i'm not sure how much longer i can keep pushing through like this. it's a vicious cycle, and i need a break, but i can't
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. i have so much on my plate and it seems like everything is due at once. my inbox is overflowing with emails that need responses, there are three major projects at work that are all demanding my attention, and on top of that, i have personal commitments that i don't want to let slide. i feel like i'm drowning in work and responsibilities. my mind is racing, my head hurts, and i haven't slept properly in days. i know i need to take a step back and prioritize, but it's hard to know where to start. i just wish i could catch a break and get a handle on things before i reach
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an avalanche of tasks and responsibilities, and it's leaving me feeling completely overwhelmed. with several projects nearing their completion dates, i can't seem to keep up. my mind is a whirlwind of to do lists, deadlines, and looming responsibilities. i'm finding it hard to focus on any one thing for too long, as my thoughts keep drifting to the other tasks i need to complete. i'm not getting enough sleep, and when i do manage to close my eyes, my mind is racing with thoughts and ideas. my head feels heavy, and my body aches from the tension. i've tried to take breaks
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects demanding my attention, i feel like i'm constantly spinning plates and one is bound to fall. i have three deadlines looming over me, and it feels like an insurmountable task to complete them all. my mind is a jumble of to dos and deadlines, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i'm exhausted both physically and mentally. my head feels heavy, and i can't seem to clear my thoughts. i've tried meditation and deep breathing exercises, but my mind keeps racing with all the things i need to do. i haven't slept
i'm male and i live with my partner of 4 years. we have a 12 month old baby boy who is a very loved and cherished child. early on in our relationship there were a couple of events that looking back i should have treated as red flags, basically my partner reacted volcanically to some fairly normal behaviour on my part such as messaging with a female friend actually wife of one of my old mates and me trying to arrange to meet my friends from home for beers i live a couple of cities away from my home town . i wrote this stuff off as isolated incidents and we eventially bought a place together and decided to start the family we'd both always dreamt of. the pregnancy was kind of a beautiful bubble of love and anticipation and i was and still am elated by the arrival of our little boy.
i'm male and i live with my partner of 4 years. we have a 12 month old baby boy who is a very loved and cherished child. early on in our relationship there were a couple of events that looking back i should have treated as red flags, basically my partner reacted volcanically to some fairly normal behaviour on my part such as messaging with a female friend actually wife of one of my old mates and me trying to arrange to meet my friends from home for beers i live a couple of cities away from my home town . i wrote this stuff off as isolated incidents and we eventially bought a place together and decided to start the family we'd both always dreamt of. the pregnancy was kind of a beautiful bubble of love and anticipation and i was and still am elated by the arrival of our little boy.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently swamped with projects and tasks, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable mountain. the weight of all the responsibilities is becoming unbearable. my inbox is overflowing with emails, and my to do list seems to be growing exponentially. i have several deadlines looming, and i'm struggling to keep up. i feel like i'm drowning in work. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i've lost track of time, and i'm finding myself staying up late into the night trying to get everything done. my head hurts, and i haven
always feeling a pressure inside head i have this contant pressure like feeling in my brain. it's not exactly a headache but i always feel like my brain is not quite relaxed physically.it's like a weight over my head. i have tried meditation but ....it didn't really give me the desired output. i feel relieved only after my academic session is over or let's say i got really good grades marks in my exams.i feel like the weight on my head got lifted. but it's not for long just a few days. when i start with my studies again i go into this state of mind where my head is constantly feeling heavy. it's being bothersome now as it effects my academics overall how do i get out of this loop of heaviness and lightness in head? is this common? is it serious? any tips or advice or experience?
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm finding it incredibly difficult to keep up with everything i need to accomplish right now. between meeting project deadlines, responding to emails, and managing my daily tasks, i feel like i'm being pulled in a million different directions at once. i'm having trouble focusing, and my mind feels cluttered and unfocused. i've barely slept in the past few nights due to the weight of everything on my plate, and my head feels heavy and foggy as a result. i'm trying to take things one step at a time, but it's hard not to feel overwhelmed when there's so much to do and so little time to do it in.
i m so behind on my work so at the moment we re dealing with unprecedented volumes of mail i m a postman . it s common knowledge that it s hard at the moment and will take a lot longer than usual. i am dealing with a lot of backlog and it seems to just keep building every day. i do get some help sometimes it i think i ll have to speak to a manager about getting some more. i ve also got to keep on top of it and make decisions on what i will take out which day which is stressing me out. i won t be able to do it all in a day so i will have to deliver different sections on a rotational basis. i have always struggled with backlog but everyone else in the office seems to catch up or stay on top of it no problem. i feel like not going in next week and letting someone else deal with it
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an overwhelming amount of tasks, and it's leaving me feeling completely swamped. i have several projects with tight deadlines, and it seems like there aren't enough hours in the day to complete them all. my mind is in a constant whirl, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i've been working long hours, sacrificing sleep and self care, and it's starting to take a toll on me. my headaches daily, and i'm having trouble concentrating, let alone finding joy in the things i usually love to do. i feel like i'm drowning in work and it
i m also quite intellectual, i can speak 2 languages other than my native language, english and japanese. but i only want my boyfriend, he has a shy personality but he s very knowledgeable, he s like a walking wikipedia and i love him so much. he makes me feel calm just laughing at our inside jokes, receiving a cute text from him, and ever since being in a relationship with him i ve grown to be happy with the smallest things in life. but he never seems to be able to move on from the event from his past, or he s just deeply affected by his depression and negative thoughts, also all the stress from his studying in university and family really is a big problem. all of this really took a toll of our relationship, to the point that we hardly called anymore or had any communication.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects demanding my attention, i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up. the weight of expectations is starting to feel unbearable. i have three deadlines looming, and i can't seem to make any progress on any of them. my mind is a jumbled mess, and i can't focus on any one thing for long enough to complete it. i've barely slept the past few nights, and my body is starting to feel the strain. my head aches, my eyes burn, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i just need a moment to breathe, to collect myself and figure out a plan to get
starting college again. i m a college freshman and just got off break. i was seventeen when i started and i m only eighteen now. everyone else at this school is 30 . i don t fit in and i feel like there s so much pressure on me to talk like them. their words are so elegant, i feel like comparing our work next to each other mine looks like shit. i get really bad gi issues when i m dealing with college. everything feels out of place. to top it off, i m doing online work so i have to have extra discipline. there s just so much to do, i schedule it all out but it s so fucking much. i at least know i m stressed out and to breathe when my stomach starts making wild sounds. does anybody have any tips, encouragement, or similar stories? i just need to feel like someone s got my back.
he purposely said the most hurtful things to me during our break up to make himself feel better. and one of the worst things of all, like i mentioned earlier, he sexually assaulted and that also happened when he knew we were breaking up. knowing how terrible of a person he is that some people have even told me he is a narcissist or sociopath, i don't know why i still think i should have just stayed, why i should have just seen if he could change despite how he never tried to change throughout our years together. i just want to stop myself from thinking this way and fully move on and have myself realize i am so much better off, and i even try to remind myself of all the bad things he has done but it seems that lingering thought of, well, was it ever that bad? keeps returning.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an overwhelming workload, and it's taking a toll on me both physically and mentally. i've got three major projects due in the next week, and the pressure is starting to build up inside me like a volcano ready to erupt. my mind feels cluttered with ideas, deadlines, and details, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. the weight of responsibility is heavy on my shoulders, and i feel like i'm drowning in work. my head is spinning with thoughts, and i can't seem to quiet the constant chatter in my mind. i've barely slept in
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects due at once, i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up. the weight of all these responsibilities is starting to take a toll on me. my mind is racing with thoughts and deadlines, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. i've barely slept in days, and my body feels heavy and drained. i'm trying to stay positive, but the stress is starting to get to me. i need a break, a moment to catch my breath and regroup, but it feels like there's no end in sight. i wish i could just press pause on life for a
reduce worry and chill out the best gummies for you are you feeling overwhelmed by the stress and anxiety of everyday life? you're not alone. worry, stress, and anxiety can often come from daily tasks that are out of our control or from a lack of focus on self care. thankfully, there is an easy solution best gummies for stress and anxiety! gummies infused with calming herbs such as chamomile, lavender, and passionflower have been shown to reduce levels of worry and promote relaxation. they are also low in calories and free from artificial ingredients making them a great choice if you're looking for an all natural way to chill out. additionally, gummies can be taken anywhere at any time making them extremely convenient when it comes to managing your mental health on the go.
after i took care of healing my self, my biggest concern has been that he will do it again to another poor woman. he is already dating someone new that is even younger than i am, i was already 13 years younger than him, and i am so worried for her that once she passes the 2 year dating mark he will repeat the pattern of abuse just as he has done in the past. i wish there was a way to at least give women and men the chance to know of what they are getting into ahead of time and then let them make the decision if they think the person is reformed or not before getting trapped in a potentially abusive relationship. it makes me sick that the pattern of abuse can continue without any transparency. i wish there was an online database of domestic abusers similar to sex offenders.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling multiple projects at once, and it's becoming increasingly difficult to keep up. the weight of my responsibilities is starting to feel unbearable. i have three deadlines coming up, and each one seems more pressing than the last. i feel like i m drowning in work. my mind is constantly preoccupied, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for very long. my head hurts, and i haven't slept properly in days. i'm struggling to find the motivation to keep going, and i can't help but feel like i'm failing at everything. i need a break, but i don't have the luxury of taking
stress is ruinung my life. i cant seem to function when im stressed and i get stressed extremally quickly in a couple minutes and things escalate up to the point where im pulling my hair out, smashing my head with my fists and punching myself. ive tried controlling it, destressing, taking deep breathes ect.it seems like this is the only way to get it out. i cant seem to deal with stress like a normal human being. its very exhausting and making me depressed as i feel incompetent with the way i deal with stress. im 19 ive been dealing with stress this way my whole life . as ive gotten older i have been able to limit the amount of outbursts but i still seem to have them. i dont know what is wrong with me. i'm scared things will escalate even further and i might hurt others. i
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. it feels like there are a million things i need to do, and not enough time or energy to get them all done. i have several projects with tight deadlines, and i'm finding it hard to keep up. my mind is racing, and i can't focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i've been working long hours, but it seems like i'm barely making a dent in what needs to be done. i'm exhausted, both physically and mentally, and i'm having trouble sleeping at night. i know i need to take care of myself, but it's hard to prioritize self care when there are so many
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. between the project reports due next week, the client email thread that refuses to end, and the team presentation i'm preparing for next friday, i feel like i'm being pulled in a million different directions. my to do list seems endless, and i can't seem to catch up. i'm having trouble focusing, and even the simplest tasks feel like mountains to climb. my head is spinning, and i'm exhausted. i've barely slept in days, and i can't shake this feeling of being constantly behind. it's all becoming a bit much, and i'm not sure how i'm going to make it through.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an avalanche of tasks, and it's leaving me feeling utterly swamped. with three major deadlines looming, i find myself struggling to keep my head above water. the weight of unfinished assignments is bearing down on me, and i can't seem to catch up. my mind is in a constant whirl, and i can't focus on any one thing for long enough to make meaningful progress. my body feels heavy, my mind foggy, and i'm having trouble sleeping at night. it all feels insurmountable, and i can't help but wonder how i'll manage to get everything done in time. i need a break, a rep
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with everything that's on my plate right now. it seems like there's an endless stream of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities coming my way. i'm trying to juggle several projects at once, and it's all becoming too much for me to handle. my mind feels cluttered, and my thoughts are racing a mile a minute. i can't seem to focus on any one thing for very long before getting distracted by the next urgent demand on my time. i've lost track of what needs to be done first, and i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up. my body is starting to
a person experiencing extreme stress might exhibit various symptoms, both emotionally and physically. they may feel emotionally drained, easily irritable or tearful. they might have a hard time sleeping or have excessive dreams. their appetite could change drastically, causing weight loss or gain. they may express feelings of anxiety, panic or fear. some may become isolated, losing interest in activities and friends, while others might become easily distracted. physically, their body may experience tension, headaches, body aches and pains, digestive issues, or other symptoms. they might find themselves with racing thoughts, a rapid heartbeat, or experiencing palpitations. their speech might become rapid or stuttering. they may struggle to make decisions or become easily
can't handle anything i'm a highschool student, i live with my parents not 18 average at math, good at science, biology is favourite. i've got friends, i've got supportive family, i've never been bullied. but the moment i think of school my anxiety and stress touches sky and i feel like i am not capable of anything. i feel like the social life or the social media swag is what makes me feel down, feeling like i'm no match for... someone. yes i'm stupid af. i stress way too much about school going to school , am i looking good enough i compare myself to i don't know what, the cool kids? nah i'm pretty friendly with them the backbenchers and class clowns? nope, they're all chill with me and always talk with me. the big question here is what exactly i stress about and why.
i've had anxiety for a few years i'm seventeen and only got diagnosed properly like 7 months ago alongside depression. over the past few months i've developed a stutter and i've been unable to form proper sentences which has given me a fear of talking to friends and even just talking in general. i'm not the smartest person in my family and have got the lowest grades but i've always been excellent with my literacy but when i'm talking to either my family or friends, the words just can't come out. i've recently had something happen to nw where i was used for comedy told to try electro shock therapy to help my mental illnesses by some guy pretending to be there for me. this is only really related because this has made me really antisocial and i can't trust people anymore.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects to complete and deadlines looming, i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up. my to do list seems never ending, and no matter how hard i work, i can't seem to make a dent in it. my head is swimming with tasks, and my heart races whenever i think about all that needs to be done. i've barely slept in days, and my body feels heavy and drained. i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress, and the thought of adding yet another task to my plate feels insurmountable. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects demanding my attention, it feels like i'm being pulled in a million different directions. i have several deadlines looming, and i'm finding it hard to keep up. my mind is racing, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i'm feeling a heavy burden of responsibility, and it's taking a toll on me. my energy levels are low, and i haven't been able to sleep properly for days. i'm starting to feel the weight of it all, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going at this pace. i need a break, but
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several projects at once, and the pressure is starting to build up. with three major deadlines looming over me, i can't help but feel overwhelmed. my mind is racing with tasks, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. my body is tired, my head is pounding, and i've barely slept in the past few days. it's all becoming too much, and i'm struggling to keep up. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any room for rest in my schedule. i'm hoping for some words of encouragement or advice to help me get through this rough patch.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an overwhelming workload. it feels like i'm stuck in the middle of a storm, with three deadlines looming on the horizon. my mind is cluttered, and my energy levels are running low. i've lost track of time and can't seem to focus on anything for long enough to make any real progress. my body is exhausted, but my mind is racing, and i haven't been able to sleep properly for days. i feel like i'm drowning in work, and i'm struggling to keep my head above water. it's a vicious cycle, and i need some help to break free from it before i'm completely overwhelmed
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' subject urgent feeling overwhelmed and buried beneath an avalanche of work dear team, i hope this message finds you well. i'm reaching out today because i'm struggling to keep my head above water. currently, i'm juggling several projects, and the deadlines for all of them are fast approaching. i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in work. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, and i'm having trouble focusing on any one thing for an extended period. the pressure is starting to build, and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to stay productive and focused
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' subject feeling overwhelmed and swamped with work dear recipient's name , i hope this message finds you well. however, i must confess that i'm currently grappling with an overwhelming workload that's leaving me feeling dazed and disoriented. i have three significant projects that need my attention, and each one has a looming deadline. i've been working tirelessly to meet these deadlines, but the relentless pressure is starting to take a toll on me. my head feels heavy, and my mind is a jumble of thoughts and tasks. additionally, i've been struggling to get a good night's sleep lately
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an overwhelming amount of tasks, and it's beginning to feel like an insurmountable mountain. i have several projects that require my immediate attention, and each one seems to demand more time and energy than the last. my to do list keeps growing, and i'm finding it hard to keep up. the weight of these responsibilities is starting to take a toll on me. my head feels heavy, and my thoughts are muddled. i've been working long hours, but i can't seem to make a dent in my workload. sleep has become a luxury, and my body aches from the lack of rest. i'm trying
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i've found myself in a situation where the tasks on my plate seem to be mounting up faster than i can handle. with three major deadlines looming, i feel as though i'm drowning in work. my mind is a whirlwind of to dos, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i've barely slept in days, and my head throbs with the weight of my responsibilities. i need a break, but the thought of taking time off only adds to my anxiety, as i know the workload will only pile up in my absence. i'm struggling to keep my head above water and could use some encouragement
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an avalanche of tasks and responsibilities, and it's leaving me feeling utterly swamped. i've got four major projects due within the next week, and i'm struggling to keep up. my to do list seems to be growing exponentially, and no matter how hard i work, it feels like i'm barely making a dent. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and deadlines, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. i've lost track of time and find myself working late into the night, only to wake up and do it all over again. my body is exhausted,
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. i have so much on my plate that i feel like i'm barely keeping my head above water. with three major projects all having their deadlines looming, i can't seem to catch a break. my mind is constantly racing with thoughts of what needs to be done, and i can't shake the feeling of being behind. my body is tired, my mind is foggy, and i haven't been able to get a good night's sleep in days. it all feels like too much, and i don't know how i'm going to make it through. i need a moment to catch my breath and regain some perspective before i can tackle the
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling multiple projects at once, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable burden. with three deadlines looming, i can't seem to catch up. my mind is racing with tasks, and my to do list seems to grow exponentially with each passing hour. i'm struggling to focus on any one thing, and my productivity levels are at an all time low. the weight of these responsibilities is taking a toll on me both mentally and physically. my head feels heavy, and i've barely slept in days. my energy levels are depleted, and i can't help but feel that i'm drowning in work. i need
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently in the throes of an overwhelming workload, and it's leaving me feeling utterly drained. with three major projects due in the next week, i can't seem to catch up. my to do list is longer than my arm, and every time i cross something off, two more things appear in its place. i'm finding it hard to focus, and even the simplest tasks feel like a mountain to climb. my mind is a jumble of thoughts, and i can't seem to quiet the racing thoughts long enough to get some rest. i've been pulling all nighters, but my body is rebelling, and my head is pounding with exhaustion. i
i m just really scared about this entire situation and feel conflicted about what to do. this isn t the first time something like this has happened as my dad has previous jail records and he s threatened our family before and even hit us when we were smaller. i just feel really scared and really confused about everything and can t believe it s come to this. my mom doesn t want us to do anything because she lives in fear and is hoping to wait until i graduate i m in 11th grade so we would have to wait a year and we really can t shouldn t so she can divorce him, she only wants to wait because she can t support us by herself. if we do move i would be fine with getting a full time job to support my family, i m already a private tutor but i only do 1 hr a week for 20.
this is an idea that my father also reinforced in me heavily. i remember vividly when i told him that everything was my fault in my child mind obviously meaning you make everything my fault which was very much the state of things in the house growing up and he straight up told me to stop fucking up so much if i didn't want things to be my fault i should emphasize all fuck ups were minor letting a pack of strawberries go to waste, forgetting to call him as soon as i left school, etc but punished severely . hell, even if i'm in the wrong now i feel like i'm still a victim. i can't gauge conflict to save the life of me even if i'm being an absolute ass, i'll feel like i'm the one who's being persecuted. my last relationship was a while ago, and lasted about a year.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several projects at once, and the pressure is starting to mount. i have four major assignments due within the next week, and i'm struggling to keep up. my mind feels cluttered, and i can't focus on any one task for long enough to make real progress. i've barely slept in days, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i feel like i'm drowning in work, and i don't know how to keep my head above water. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one right now. this overwhelming workload is taking a toll on my mental and physical health, and i'm starting to
getting stressed over emails and minor mistakes hi all. i ve just started my first job out of uni in a very high stress field with strict timelines m amp a . i ve noticed that when i send out emails, i overthink and stress over every little bit aka am i spelling names correctly, does it make sense to the point i m wasting time. when i do send out wrong emails aka it double sent or some wires were crossed i freak out and get way too much adrenaline i feel like i ll puke and i get very warm. i know i won t lose my job over this but i can t help but overthink. it s literally to the point that i m wondering whether this is the right field for me even though i really do like my job. are there some techniques i can undertake to manage this? or will it just take time?
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' subject feeling overwhelmed and swamped with work dear recipient's name , i hope this message finds you well. however, i must confess that i am currently struggling to keep my head above water. my plate is overflowing with tasks, and it seems like there's no end in sight. i have three major projects due in the next week, and each one requires an immense amount of attention and effort. the deadlines are looming, and i can't help but feel a sense of dread and anxiety. my mind is racing with ideas, and my to do list seems to grow longer by the minute. i've been working long hours
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. the weight of all the tasks i have to complete is bearing down on me, and i can't seem to keep up. with three deadlines looming, i feel like i'm drowning in work. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. my body is exhausted, but my mind is too wired to sleep properly. i'm feeling a deep sense of anxiety and frustration, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going at this pace. i need a break, but it feels like there's no time for one. i just hope i can find a way to get everything
they are feeling overwhelmed by the sheer amount of responsibilities they have, and they cannot find a solution to balance their workload with their personal life. the person laments that they wish they had a second self to delegate tasks to, but acknowledges that it's an impossible wish. they express frustration that no matter how much they try to simplify their schedule or prioritize their tasks, there always seems to be more demand on their time and energy than they have to give. the person feels as though they are constantly running on empty, and they fear that this unsustainable lifestyle will ultimately lead to burnout or ill health. they also worry about the impact their stress and exhaustion are having on their relationships and personal life, and they
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an avalanche of tasks, and it's leaving me feeling utterly swamped. with three major deadlines looming, i can't seem to catch my breath. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and my to do list keeps growing. i've lost track of time, and my body is starting to feel the strain. my head throbs with tension, and my eyes burn from long hours staring at a screen. i've been so focused on meeting these deadlines that i haven't taken the time to take care of myself, and i'm starting to pay the price. i haven't slept properly in days, and my energy levels are
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects demanding my attention and tight deadlines looming, it feels like i'm being pulled in different directions at once. i've got piles of work stacked up on my desk, and my inbox is filled with emails that need responding to. i feel like i'm drowning in it all. my mind is racing, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. i've barely slept the past few nights, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one. i'm hoping for some words of encour
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' subject urgent feeling overwhelmed and swamped with work dear recipient's name , i hope this message finds you well. i'm reaching out to you today because i'm finding myself in a rather challenging situation. i'm currently juggling several projects, and the workload has been piling up rapidly. i have three significant deadlines coming up, and i'm feeling the pressure to deliver quality results. while i'm committed to meeting these deadlines, i must admit that i'm struggling to keep up. i've been putting in long hours, but it seems like there aren't enough hours in the day to
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. the weight of all the tasks i need to complete is bearing down on me, and i feel like i'm sinking. i have so many deadlines looming, and it seems like there just aren't enough hours in the day to get everything done. my mind is a jumbled mess, and i can't focus on any one thing for very long before my thoughts drift off to another task. i've barely slept in days, and the stress is starting to take a toll on me physically. my head aches, my body is tense, and i feel like i'm on the verge of a breakdown. i need some help, some guidance, or just
how fo you prevent stress headaches before they start? or best ways to deal with them? i constantly get headaches, possibly a neurological thing but at the moment it seems it all is caused from stress. everytime i engage in a conversation or activities with others i tend to get a headache around 30 minutes in and usually have to leave or distance myself from everyone so i can settle it down. i wish i could engage longer but talking makes me lose so much energy, maybe because its because of performance reasons, overthinking ect ect. i just don t know how to prevent them because its a but hard to control my thoughts from overflooding my mind. any health techniques or ways to prevent them or how to minimize the pain when over the counter pain reliefs don t help?
some people overwhelmed with stress may exhibit signs of feeling anxious, agitated, or on edge. they may have trouble focusing, or feel disorganized and forgetful. they might complain of fatigue, have difficulty sleeping or experience physical symptoms such as headaches or gastrointestinal issues. their appetite and mood might change, causing them to either overeat or lose interest in food. emotional responses could range from irritability or frustration to extreme sadness or despair. in some cases, they might express their feelings inappropriately or indirectly through angry outbursts, avoidance or withdrawing socially. ultimately, how someone overwhelmed with stress expresses their feelings can vary widely depending on the individual and their personal cop
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i've got to warn you, i'm currently in a state of utter chaos. between juggling multiple projects, meeting tight deadlines, and keeping up with my daily responsibilities, i'm feeling like i'm drowning in work. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and i can't seem to find any peace or tranquility. my head is pounding from lack of sleep and the stress of it all, and my anxiety is through the roof. i've been trying to power through, but it's becoming increasingly difficult to focus and be productive. i'm in desperate need of a break, but it seems like there's always something else
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an avalanche of tasks and responsibilities. it seems like i have a never ending list of things to do, and i'm struggling to keep up. my mind is racing with deadlines, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on me. i'm not sleeping well, my energy levels are low, and i feel like i'm constantly behind. i need a break, but there never seems to be enough time to catch up before the next thing comes along. i'm drowning in work, and i'm not sure how much longer i
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an avalanche of tasks, and it's starting to feel insurmountable. i have so many deadlines looming, and it seems like there aren't enough hours in the day to complete them all. my mind is in a constant whirl, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. my body is tired, my mind is foggy, and i haven't been able to get a good night's sleep in what feels like an eternity. i'm struggling to keep my head above water and could really use some support or guidance on how to manage my workload and prioritize effectively.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. it feels like i'm being pulled in a million different directions. i have so many projects and tasks piling up, and i can't seem to keep up. the deadlines for three major assignments are looming, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in work. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. i've barely slept in the past few days, and my body is starting to feel the effects. my head is pounding, my eyes are heavy, and i'm constantly yawning. i know i need to take care of myself, but
how does this mental state affect daily interactions and personal growth opportunities? thought the weight of constant stress leaves me feeling depleted, drained, and disconnected from my inner world. it becomes increasingly difficult to engage fully in daily interactions, as my mind is consumed by a perpetual cycle of worry and concern. every interaction becomes another potential challenge to navigate, rather than an opportunity for growth or connection. personal growth opportunities seem out of reach as the energy required to cope with daily stress leaves little room for introspection or self improvement. over time, this state of being weighed down by stress erodes my resilience, undermines my confidence, and ultimately hinders my ability to flourish both
i don t have anything to ask atm or anything that anyone else need to know, but i cant go to someone when i m not coping or in a state, i feel like it s something i have to ride out on my own, that i can t tell anyone about. i hate going throw this on my own, not that my family don t try to support me, i just don t want to see mum cry again because i m broken and she s tryed every thing she can but nothing helps. iv had more 5 therapist and seen at least that again in one off meeting, but i can t engage and have developed a vague phobia towards them, i used to hide in the house when i knew i had an appointment and only come out if i was promised i didn t have to go. so it s been largely untreated, not throw lack of trying. i can t see my condition changing.
ive never really had a problem with my education until this semester, i feel mislead in my classes i.e i do great on the homework and then i end up failing the tests . this has lead to me failing or doing not up to my standards in my other classes and its beginning to effect my own self worth. instead of being confident in myself im resorting to internal hatred and just overall sadness. i am in a relationship with a very loving girlfriend but i feel that if i bring my problems into it, it could go sideways and i dont want that. because of all of this my sleep schedule has not been exactly ideal, i usually go to bed at midnight and wake up early for class and the quality of my sleep is not what i would call good tossing and turning and frequently waking up .
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently facing a mountain of tasks, and it's leaving me feeling utterly swamped. the pressure is mounting, and i'm having a hard time keeping up. my inbox is overflowing, my calendar is packed, and i have three deadlines looming on the horizon. it feels like a never ending cycle, and i can't seem to catch up. my head is clouded with thoughts, and i can't focus on one thing for too long before my mind drifts off to the next pressing matter. i've barely slept in days, and my body is starting to feel the effects. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any time for
an individual overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, depending on their personality, coping mechanisms, and emotional tolerance. some common expressions of feelings in the face of excessive stress include 1. verbal expression they might use verbalizations that reveal their emotional state, such as complaining, criticizing, shouting, or cursing. they might use negative or aggressive language to vent their frustrations or feelings. 2. physical symptoms the overwhelming nature of their stress might manifest itself through various physical symptoms, including headaches, muscle tension, fatigue, sweating, restlessness, difficulty sleeping, or gastrointestinal issues. they might also exhibit exaggerated body language, like pacing,
maintaining hygiene i'm sure i'm not alone in finding that poor mental health makes it difficult to keep on top of hygiene related tasks sometimes. i personally really struggle to motivate myself to brush my teeth even though i know i should. i think the thing that stops me is worrying about being left alone with my thoughts while i do that i can't distract myself easily by doing things on my phone because one hand is occupied, and using my phone one handed is harder. is there anything that others do while brushing their teeth or other tasks that helps then overcome this barrier? i've tried watching youtube videos, but the effort of finding one i'm interested in seems to be creating enough of a mental barrier that i'm still finding myself procrastinating.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several major projects, and the pressure is starting to build up. i have so many tasks to complete, and i'm struggling to keep up. my to do list seems never ending, and i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up. the weight of all these responsibilities is taking a toll on me. i'm having trouble focusing, and my mind feels cluttered. i've barely slept the past few nights, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i need a break, but i can't seem to find the time or the space to take one. i'm feeling overwhelmed, and i'm not sure how much longer
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently swamped with tasks and responsibilities, and it's starting to feel like an uphill battle i can't win. the weight of all the projects i'm working on is bearing down on me, and i'm struggling to keep my head above water. my to do list seems to be growing exponentially, and no matter how hard i work, it never seems to get any shorter. i'm behind on deadlines, and the pressure is mounting. my mind feels foggy, and i can't focus on anything for very long before my thoughts start to wander. i'm barely sleeping at night, and when i do manage to fall asleep, i'm pl
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' subject feeling overwhelmed and swamped with work dear recipient's name , i hope this message finds you well. however, i'm not doing so great myself. i've been feeling incredibly overwhelmed lately, and it's starting to take a toll on me. currently, i have three major projects that need my attention, and each one has a tight deadline. the workload feels unbearable, and i'm having a hard time keeping up. my head is filled with a million thoughts, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. additionally, my sleep pattern has been disrupted
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several major projects at once, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable mountain. the weight of all the responsibilities is bearing down on me, and i can't seem to catch up. my to do list keeps growing, and no matter how hard i work, it never seems to get any shorter. i've lost track of time and have been skipping meals and sleep to meet deadlines. my body is tired, my mind is foggy, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in this sea of work. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be enough hours in the day to get everything done.
need help!! 19m my visa interview is coming up soon, and it will be about studying in another country and it is very important decision that i made. my entire family is actually cheering for me to succeed. they aren't putting any pressure on me, so i can't say they are. but i feel stressed by myself. i am concerned that what if the visa officer rejects me? what will happen to the hopes of my well wishers? these questions keep popping into my head, and i'm starting to feel stressed. i'm in desperate need of assistance, so i'm sharing my story here. what should i do to gain complete confidence and stop worrying about what might happen if? most of the time, i fail because i am concerned about the consequences of my failure rather than focusing on what i do.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently swamped with tasks, and it feels like an endless sea of work. the pressure is mounting, and i can't seem to keep my head above water. i've got three major deadlines looming, and each one feels like a mountain to climb. my mind is cluttered with ideas and details, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. i've lost track of time, and my sleep has suffered as a result. my body feels heavy, my mind is foggy, and my head is pounding with tension. i need a break, but the work keeps piling up, and i'm starting to wonder if
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. the weight of all the tasks i have to complete is bearing down on me, and i can't seem to keep up. i have so many projects that need my attention, and it feels like an insurmountable mountain. i've got deadlines for three major assignments coming up, and i just don't know how i'm going to finish them all in time. my head is spinning, and i can't focus on anything. i've tried working longer hours, but it seems like the more i do, the more there is to be done. i haven't slept properly in days, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. it feels like i have a mountain of tasks piling up and i'm having a hard time keeping up. i have several projects that need my attention, and it seems like every deadline is looming closer. i can't focus, and my mind is constantly racing. i've been working long hours, but i still feel like i'm falling behind. my body is exhausted, but my mind is restless. i've barely slept in days, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i feel like i'm drowning in work, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going at this pace. i need a break
how does stress impact our emotions and physical body over time? the relentless toll of constant stress can leave one feeling mentally and emotionally drained. it may trigger a range of negative emotions, including anxiety, depression, irritability, and feelings of powerlessness or overwhelm. over time, these emotions can intensify, potentially leading to more severe mental health concerns. meanwhile, physiologically, stress activates the fight or flight response, releasing hormones like cortisol and adrenaline. this can increase heart rate, raise blood pressure, suppress the immune system, and interfere with sleep, amongst other things. prolonged exposure to stress can impact various body systems, resulting in chronic health conditions, including heart
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' subject feeling overwhelmed and swamped with work dear recipient's name , i hope this message finds you well. i've been struggling lately with an overwhelming workload, and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. i have three major projects that all have deadlines coming up, and it feels like i'm drowning in work. my days are filled with meetings, emails, and deadlines, and i've barely had a moment to catch my breath. i'm finding it hard to focus on any one thing for long enough to make meaningful progress. my head hurts, and i haven't slept properly in days.
the main source of this stress is a scholarship i am on that requires payback if you lose it, meaning i would be in the whole about 20,000 if i fail and get kicked out. the contract states you can either be kicked out or placed on probation, but i cannot find any precedent on what direction they lean. without diving into many specifics on this class and the great, and i emphasize great, impact it can have on this scholarship i wouldn't be able to get my ae degree , i was hoping i could find some advice on increasing my productivity and generally improving my mental physical health. i am reaching here, i really need some help. my fiance, bless her heart, is not much help because of planning the wedding and i don't have a lot of close friends confidants.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. i have so many tasks piling up, and it feels like there aren't enough hours in the day to get everything done. the thought of tackling all of this work is leaving me feeling completely overwhelmed. i have three deadlines coming up, and it seems like they're all due on the same day. i'm finding it hard to focus, and my mind is constantly racing. i've barely slept in the past few nights, and my head feels heavy and foggy. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be time for that. i just wish i could catch a breath and find some clarity.
whenever i have a reaction or meltdown, he always tries to give shitty advice like just think about the things you're grateful for. i'm sorry, but in the therapies i've taken and in the books i have to help me, nothing anywhere says anything about gratitude and it tends to trigger me when he says this because it's what my narcy mom would say to me. i tried to explain this and asked him to read my books and he got mad at me because in his mind i was trying to tell him what to do and i was being ungrateful for his help. i told him how important it was to me for him to read these books because it would help me feel more understood, but he keeps coming up with excuse after excuse about why he doesn't want to read them. i just don't know what to do anymore.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several projects at once, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable task. with three deadlines looming, i can't seem to keep up. the pressure is mounting, and i'm struggling to focus. my mind is in a constant whirlwind, and i can't seem to quiet the noise. my headaches daily, and my sleep has been elusive for days now. i'm exhausted both physically and mentally, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep up this pace. i need a break, but the workload doesn't seem to be letting up anytime soon. i'm feeling overwhelmed and uncertain of how
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently finding myself in a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, and i'm beginning to feel like i'm losing control. the weight of my workload is bearing down on me, and i'm struggling to keep up. i have several projects that need my attention, and each one seems more pressing than the last. my inbox is overflowing, and my to do list keeps growing longer. i feel like i'm treading water, and i can't seem to catch my breath. my mind is racing, and i can't focus on any one thing for very long. i've been working long hours, and i'm starting to feel the effects my
hello everyone. i am wondering what experiences people have with using mirtazapine as their main antidepressant for depressive and anxious symptoms low energy, heavy feeling, irritability, concentration problems, insomnia, inability to complete mundane everyday tasks, social anxiety, fear of embarrassment, worry or overthinking about socialization, etc ? i am in therapy using a mixed method approach so suggestions of therapy aren't relevant. i have just begun proper psychotherapy, and i am looking for something to help me when dealing with reality outside the therapist office. my depression anxiety has been building over the past 3 months after a long remission period and due to current circumstances has nearly swung full steam over my everyday life.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an overwhelming workload that's leaving me feeling like i'm treading water. i have several projects with looming deadlines, and i can't seem to keep up. my mind is cluttered with tasks, and my to do list feels endless. i've been burning the midnight oil, but my productivity levels are dwindling, and i'm struggling to focus. my head is heavy with thoughts, and i can't seem to shake the feeling of being weighed down. i haven't had a proper night's sleep in days, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i need a break, but the deadlines
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects piling up, i feel like i'm drowning in work. the pressure is mounting, and i can't seem to keep up. my inbox is overflowing, and my to do list keeps growing longer. i have three deadlines coming up, and i'm finding it hard to focus on any one thing. my head feels heavy, and my thoughts are scattered. i haven't slept properly in days, and i'm constantly tired. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any time for that. i'm hoping for some words of encouragement or advice on how to manage my workload and get
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' subject feeling overwhelmed and swamped with work dear recipient , i hope this message finds you well. i'm writing to share with you that i've been dealing with an overwhelming workload lately, and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. currently, i have three major projects that need my attention, and they all have pressing deadlines. i'm dedicating long hours to each one, but it feels like i'm barely making a dent in the workload. i'm constantly behind, and it's leaving me feeling drained, anxious, and unslept. my head hurts from focusing too long on
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways. they may exhibit emotional symptoms such as anxiety, irritability, sadness, or depression. they might feel a heaviness in their chest or a tightness in their throat. their sleep patterns may be disrupted, causing them to have trouble falling or staying asleep. they might struggle to concentrate, forgetting things more frequently, or feel they re working at a slower pace than usual. physically, they may experience symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension, or stomach problems. verbally, they might be easily irritated or reactive, snapping at others, or might withdraw and retreat from social situations. they might have intrusive thoughts, worrying about many things at once
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' subject feeling overwhelmed and swamped with work dear recipient's name , i hope this message finds you well. i've been dealing with an overwhelming amount of work lately, and i must admit, i'm finding it challenging to keep up. i have three major projects that are due within the next week, and i feel like i'm drowning in deadlines. my mind is constantly preoccupied with work, and i can't seem to switch off, even when i try to relax or sleep. the pressure is taking a toll on me, both mentally and physically. my head hurts, and i've barely slept properly in days.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. the weight of my responsibilities is starting to feel unbearable. i have so many projects due at once, and it seems like every day brings new challenges. i feel like i'm constantly putting out fires, but i can't keep up. my mind is a jumbled mess, and i can't seem to focus on anything for very long. i've been working long hours, but i still feel like i'm falling behind. my body is exhausted, but my mind is racing. i've barely slept in days, and i'm starting to feel the effects. i need a break, but i don't see how that's possible.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. between trying to meet three major deadlines and keeping up with my daily tasks, i feel like i'm constantly behind. my to do list keeps growing, and i can't seem to make a dent in it. the weight of all the responsibilities is starting to take a toll on me. my head is pounding, and i can't focus. i've barely slept in the past few days, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i feel like i'm drowning in work, and i'm not sure how i'll be able to keep up with everything. i really need some help and support to get through this.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. it feels like i'm being pulled in a million different directions at once. i have so many projects due, and i just can't seem to keep up. my email inbox is overflowing, my calendar is packed, and my to do list keeps growing. i'm constantly switching between tasks, but i never seem to make a dent in any of them. i feel like i'm spinning my wheels, and it's taking a toll on me. my head is pounding, my heart races when i think about all i have to do, and i haven't slept properly in days. it's all becoming too much, and i'm not sure
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. the weight of all the tasks i need to complete is bearing down on me, and it feels like an insurmountable mountain. i have so many projects due at once, and i'm finding it hard to keep up. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for very long. i've lost track of what needs to be done first, and it's all starting to blend together. i'm behind on deadlines, and the pressure is mounting. i've barely slept in days, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i'm trying to stay positive, but i can't
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. the pressure of all the tasks i need to complete is starting to feel unbearable. i have so many deadlines looming, and it seems like no matter how hard i work, there's always more to do. my to do list never seems to get any shorter. i've been putting in long hours, but i can't seem to make a dent in it all. my head is swimming with thoughts of what needs to be done, and i can't focus on any one thing for very long before i get distracted by another urgent demand. i'm not sleeping well at all, and my energy levels are low. i'm
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects piling up, it feels like an endless cycle of tasks. i have three deadlines looming, and it's beginning to feel insurmountable. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. the pressure is starting to take a toll on me, and i'm not sleeping well at night. my head is heavy with thoughts, and my body is exhausted. i need a break, but it feels like there's no end in sight. i just want to catch up, but it seems like i'm only falling further behind.
people experiencing extreme stress might express their feelings in various ways depending on their personality and the specific situation. here are a few common ways someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings 1. emotionally they might cry, become irritated or angry, feel sad, or experience anxiety or panic. they might share their feelings through verbal expressions or through their nonverbal cues, such as facial expressions, body language, or tone of voice. 2. physically stress can manifest in a variety of physical symptoms, including headaches, stomachaches, muscle tension, insomnia, fatigue, and rapid heartbeat. these physical symptoms might be expressed through descriptions of their bodily sensations or through observable
so, long story short my parents are terribly abusive, i'm almost 30 and it took me this long, with the help of my wife to realize this. lots of things happened, too many to list in a single post, but it got much worse last year when my daughter was molested by my younger brother. we had asked my parents to watch my two daughters due to a medical emergency, and that's when it happened, with my father in the room, his eyes glued to his cell phone. we involved cps, the police, but my daughter didn't quite tell the police everything, and with their investigation, they could not press charges against him. after their investigation was complete, we informed my parents of what happened, and they called my then 5 year old daughter a liar to her face.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' subject feeling overwhelmed and swamped with work dear recipient , i hope this message finds you well. i've been struggling lately with an overwhelming amount of work, and it's starting to take a toll on me. i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i'm drowning in assignments and projects. my to do list keeps growing, and i can't seem to catch up. my head hurts, and i haven't slept properly in days. i'm constantly feeling stressed and anxious, and it's becoming harder to focus on anything for an extended period. i've tried prioritizing my tasks, but
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm finding myself in a whirlwind of responsibilities and commitments right now. it seems like there's an endless list of tasks i need to complete, and the pressure is beginning to mount. i have several projects with looming deadlines, and i'm struggling to keep up. my mind feels cluttered and unfocused, and i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to tackle the work ahead. i've barely slept these past few nights, and my body feels heavy and drained. it's all becoming a bit much, and i can't help but feel overwhelmed and powerless in the face of it all.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i've got myself in a bit of a pickle here. with project a due tomorrow, b in two days, and c looming over the weekend, i'm starting to feel like i'm treading water in a sea of tasks. my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make meaningful progress. my head is pounding, and my sleep has been erratic at best. i'm not sure how i'll manage to get everything done on time, let alone maintain the quality i'm proud of. i could really use some support or advice on how to prioritize and manage my workload more
stress from just existing?? i don t feel like theres anything in particular that is causing my stress. its just having to be alive. i hate waking up in the morning. i swear its causing me health problems at this point. im out of high school and i ve never had trouble with school but its still happening. i think i live a fairly stress free life but im just stressed from being alive?? ive tried so many coping mechanisms and none of them seem to work unless im completely distracted and mindless but the second that stops it comes back. its gotten to the point where i wake up shaking from stress. ive tried medications as well and one of them have worked. i always seem to get the side affects but never what im taking it for. im tired of this shit.
how does chronic stress impact physical and emotional health over time? chronic stress can be an overwhelming and exhausting experience, impacting both our emotional and physical well being in numerous ways. the consistent release of stress hormones, such as cortisol, can cause heightened emotional reactivity and anxiety, making it difficult to cope with everyday situations. over time, this emotional toll can result in feelings of hopelessness, frustration, and irritability, leading to strained relationships and increased isolation. from a physical standpoint, prolonged exposure to stress hormones can wreak havoc on various systems within the body. it can lead to an increased heart rate, elevated blood pressure, and suppressed immune system,
extra apparently he was jailed before marrying my mom and he never told us until she found out later into the marriage. there's more into the story but i would like to know if i can file a charge on him for past incidents as well.... and i am upset that he is going to be charged for misdeamenor instead of felony. since the victim my mom has enough evidences, it will be hard for him to drop the charges right? he has been avoiding the police so it took a while for the police to catch him but he paid for the bail and bailed himself out with a help of his friend. i just wished he would recieve a felony but he pleaded not guilty on the first court appearance and apparently there are more court appearances to be made befoe verdict is finalized....
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently swamped with tasks, and it's beginning to feel unmanageable. i have so many projects due at the same time, and the pressure is starting to mount. my to do list keeps growing, and i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up. my mind is in a state of chaos, and it's affecting my sleep and focus. i can't seem to quiet the constant chatter of deadlines and responsibilities. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any room for one. i feel like i'm drowning in work, and i can't seem to find a way to the surface. i hope things can start to calm
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several projects at once, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable task. the deadlines are looming, and i can't seem to make enough progress on any of them. my mind is racing with ideas and to dos, and i'm having trouble focusing on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. i'm barely sleeping, and my body feels heavy and drained. i'm trying to stay positive, but it's hard not to feel like i'm drowning in work. i need a break, but i can't seem to find the time or the energy to take one. i hope things start to level
my main thing lately is that everything is making me feel overwhelmed and stressed out even in non stressful situations, just every day life. i have a good life that is a lot less stressful than most but it seems to cause me a lot more stress than it would to anyone else like my wife for example. i feel like i'm always on the edge and my head is going to explode in angry frustration over nothing at all. i've been checked out many times, full blood work and other tests and everything perfect with my health as far as my dr is concerned. i've always had an idea in my head that i would do anything and everything to avoid taking medications and i've been convinced that i can deal with this on my own and if i can't then i'm doing something wrong.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. it seems like there's an endless list of tasks piling up, and i can't keep up. i have five projects due within the next week, and i'm finding it hard to focus on any one thing. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't seem to quiet the thoughts long enough to make any real progress. i'm behind on sleep, and my energy levels are at an all time low. my body feels heavy, and i'm having trouble finding the motivation to keep going. i just wish i could catch a break and get a handle on things before i'm completely overwhelmed.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects piling up, it's starting to feel like an insurmountable mountain. i have three deadlines looming, and each one feels more pressing than the last. i'm finding it hard to focus, and even the simplest tasks seem to take hours. my head is a jumble of thoughts, and i can't seem to clear my mind. i've barely slept in days, and the exhaustion is starting to take a toll on me. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any room for one. i'm hoping things will lighten up soon, but until then, i'm just trying
i m thinking too much i think way too deep into so many things and i can t get out of it. i m trying to collect older video games and systems n64, snes that kinda stuff but i m always thinking like what if it works fine when i buy it and 2 days later it breaks and i have to get new parts and they have to make new parts with metal and plastic and in the process i am helping to hurt the environment and i m a bad person for wanting to fix my game cartridge a stupid game cartridge is causing me stress and it s not even superman 64. my apologies trynna make a joke and lighten the mood y know i just think i way my actions like i m trynna get into the good place or something, like i think way to deep. i need a bit of help, but thanks for reading.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling here. the weight of my responsibilities is starting to feel unbearable. i have so many projects due at once, and i'm having a hard time keeping up. my inbox is overflowing, and my to do list seems to be growing exponentially. i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up, and it's taking a toll on me. my head is spinning, and i can't seem to focus. i've been working long hours, but i'm not making a dent in my workload. i'm exhausted, both physically and mentally. i haven't slept properly in days, and i'm starting to feel the effects. i
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an avalanche of tasks, and it's starting to feel insurmountable. i have five major projects due within the next week, and i'm struggling to keep up. my mind is racing with deadlines, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. the weight of it all is taking a toll on me i'm barely sleeping, my appetite has disappeared, and my head feels like it's in a constant state of fog. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one the work just keeps piling up. i'm hoping for a miracle, or at least a
stress caused health issues. so all this started for me back at the end of january. i went to my dermatologist and had a biopsy done. i freak out for a about a week and test results came back clean. the. i went two weeks later because a scab grew on my chest. i got that check out and came back clean. during this time i was freaking out.. stress, worrying, and couldn t sleep. all this lead to other health issues. i started to have pain in my lower back which shot through my entire body. it was until recently i started to get a burning sensation in my stomach. i went to my dr and he said it was due to stress. i got put on medication to take care of it hoping it works has anyone else gone through this before? all this happen under one month.
in a subsequent paragraph or two, explain what mindfulness is and why it can help those feeling stressed and overwhelmed. feeling stressed and overwhelmed, my mind races a mile a minute with unrelenting thoughts. the responsibilities of daily life weigh heavily on my shoulders, and the pressure to perform can leave me breathless. mindfulness is a practice of being fully present in the current moment, without judgment. it originated from eastern spiritual traditions and has gained popularity in western psychology due to its proven benefits in reducing stress and improving overall well being. by focusing on the senses, such as the sensation of the breath moving in and out of the body or the sound of leaves rustling in the wind, mindfulness
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several projects at once, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable mountain. with three deadlines looming, i can't seem to catch up. my mind is cluttered, and my thoughts are racing. i can't focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. my body is exhausted, but my mind won't shut down, leaving me unable to sleep properly. i feel as though i'm drowning in work, and the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on me. i need a break, but i don't see how that's possible. i'm overwhelmed and unsure of how to
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm finding myself in a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities right now. it seems like there's an endless pile of work on my plate, and i'm struggling to keep up. the looming deadlines are looming larger by the day, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in it all. my mind is racing with thoughts and my body is tired, but sleep has eluded me for days. i'm trying to stay focused, but the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on me. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any time for that. i'm hoping for a miracle or a moment of clarity
i'm not asking for a diagnosis, but i'm just curious how it went for most people who were diagnosed with ptsd. over the past 2 years or so since an event happened in my life that i can't ever forget about , my anxiety has deepened a bunch. it's gotten to the point now where i regularly have nightmares about this event despite never remembering dreams, and any loud noise makes me want to cry, despite the fact i can't cry for the life of me. i have a few other things people commonly site, but i'd rather not talk about them here on reddit. i'm trying to gather the courage to see a professional about this, but for the time being i want to know how to went for you when you first thought you might have it or if you even knew, for that matter.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i've found myself in a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities lately. it seems like there's an endless pile of work that needs to be done, and i'm struggling to keep up. the pressure is mounting, and i can't seem to catch a break. i have three deadlines looming over me, and i'm starting to feel like i'm drowning in it all. my mind is a jumbled mess, and i can't focus on anything for more than a few minutes at a time. i've barely slept in the past few days, and my body feels heavy and drained. i need a moment to catch my breath, but it feels like there
i m very concerned that i might never be able to put a condom on, last in bed or satisfy a woman with my penis. the girl was very satisfied and even exhausted and she said that it was the most times she cums in one night and that the previous guys just stuck it in and thrusted which i m secretly jealous honestly since i m concerned that i might not be able to stick it in right now . she keeps texting me now about meeting up again. she said i m great with my hands and i m a great kisser but she kept silent about my penis which i was apparently very bed using it. i kept my cool throughout the night and laughed it off and she was very cool and said that she was expecting it but i m very concerned that i might have a deformity or something.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects due at once, i feel like i'm constantly putting out fires. the weight of all these responsibilities is starting to take a toll on me. my mind is racing with tasks, and i can't seem to catch up. i've lost track of sleep and my meals, and i'm barely managing to keep up with the basics. it's hard to focus, and my emotions are all over the place. i feel like i'm drowning in work, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going at this pace. i need a break, but it feels like there's no end in sight. i
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in a variety of ways, depending on their personality and coping mechanisms. they may express their emotions verbally through outbursts, crying, or seeking solace in conversation with a trusted friend or family member. non verbal expressions could include fidgeting, shaking, pacing, loss of appetite, or irritability. they might also withdraw from social situations, isolate themselves, or struggle with insomnia, restlessness, or other physical symptoms. in addition, stress can manifest as anxiety, anger, depression, or a feeling of being constantly overwhelmed, all of which could be conveyed through their facial expressions, tone of voice, or body language. ultimately, everyone
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects piling up, i feel like i'm barely keeping my head above water. the weight of expectations is heavy on my shoulders, and the thought of tackling it all is almost paralyzing. my mind is racing with deadlines, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i've barely slept in days, and my body is starting to ache from the tension. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be room for one. it's a vicious cycle, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going like this.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling here. with so many projects due at once, i can't seem to keep up. i have three major deadlines looming, and it feels like an avalanche of work is bearing down on me. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, and i can't seem to get a handle on it all. my head is pounding with the weight of it all, and my sleep has been nonexistent these past few nights. i toss and turn, my mind racing with thoughts of what needs to be done, and i can't seem to quiet the storm in my head long enough to rest. i need a break
a person overwhelmed with stress might show their feelings in various ways depending on their personality and emotional intelligence. here are some common ways they might express their stress 1. emotionally they might burst into tears or experience frequent mood swings, feel irritable, easily frustrated, and display anxiety or depression. they might withdraw emotionally, shutting down or withdrawing from social connections, leading to feelings of isolation. 2. physically stress affects people differently, some might lose weight, while others gain weight. they might have frequent headaches, insomnia, or muscle tension. they might experience stomach problems like indigestion or constipation. 3. behaviorally they might exhibit compulsive
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several projects at once, and the pressure is starting to build up. with three major deadlines looming, i can't seem to catch a break. my to do list keeps growing, and i feel like i'm drowning in work. my mind is in a constant state of chaos, and my body is showing the signs headaches, insomnia, and an overall feeling of exhaustion. i need some time to recharge and regain focus, but it seems like there aren't enough hours in the day to get everything done. i'm hoping for a miracle or a good cup of coffee to get me through this.
the person overwhelmed with stress may exhibit a range of emotional and physical responses. emotionally, they might feel anxious, irritable, and or depressed. they might have a difficult time concentrating or making decisions, feel easily startled or fearful, or experience frequent mood swings. physically, they might complain of headaches, stomach pain, muscle tension, insomnia, or other symptoms of stress. they may also exhibit nervous behaviors, such as fidgeting or nail biting. verbally, they might express their feelings through complaints or frustrations, or through expressions of helplessness or hopelessness. they may also withdraw from social situations or isolate themselves from others, finding it difficult to communicate their
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with all the projects i'm working on, i feel like i'm constantly behind. i have four major assignments due within the next week, and i'm finding it hard to keep up. the weight of expectations is bearing down on me, and i can't seem to catch up. my mind is racing, and i can't focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i've barely slept in days, and my body feels drained. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any room for one. i'm drowning in work, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. it feels like there's an endless pile of tasks stacked up against me, and i can't seem to make a dent in it. i have so many projects due at the same time, and i'm starting to feel like i'm in over my head. my mind is racing with all the things i need to do, and i can't focus on any one thing for long enough to make real progress. i'm barely sleeping at night, and when i do manage to close my eyes, my mind is filled with thoughts of deadlines and to do lists. i feel like i'm drowning in work, and i'm not sure how much
my troubles began when i confronted her about withdrawing large and frequent amounts of cash from her account and asked her what she was spending all that money on when she wasn't paying for my siblings. i asked her for my 9 year old sister's dad number , so i could bring up her not spending the child support money she was receiving on my sister. she refused to give me his number and since then i cannot even talk to her. she has even told me not to take my sister out with me and my brother because she says she does not have money to pay me back. if i mention anything about what i spend on them she say i need to see a receipt but when i ask if she bought anything for them and to show me a receipt she says of course i don't keep them .
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in several ways. they might experience emotional turbulence and verbally express this by yelling, crying, or using sarcastic or negative tone of voice. physically, they could appear tired, anxious, or even agitated, and might show physical signs of stress like clenched jaw, tense muscles, racing heartbeat, or headaches. their behavior could also reveal their emotional state, for instance, they might have trouble concentrating and completing simple tasks, they could become easily distracted, experience loss of appetite, or find themselves sleeping too little or too much. communication with others could become erratic or unresponsive as their stress leaves them feeling isolated
sleepless nights i lost my job at the end of january and finally was able to start working a few days ago. through the stress of not having a job, i felt as though i was in the clear and able to focus again. until i realized that i will not be getting paid until the 17th. i reached out to my leasing office about paying rent late and was hit with a response of we are now doing evictions, so paying so late might not be feasible. i ve had a really tough time these last three years, leaving an abusive marriage, losing my mom unexpectedly, now once again feeling like i have to start my life over. i do not feel like i have anywhere i can turn to. i m feel like every time life starts to get on track it gets derailed in some way or another.
here's one possible thought why is it that the most important things in life maintaining healthy relationships, pursuing meaningful work, and taking care of our physical and mental health also seem to be the most difficult to prioritize when we're feeling stretched too thin? and how can we find the balance and resilience to address these demands without compromising our well being further? this thought expresses the common challenge of trying to balance multiple important responsibilities, while recognizing the potential negative impact of neglecting self care in the process. it questions the seemingly contradictory nature of what's essential for a fulfilling life and what's most difficult to manage when stress and mental exhaustion
i'm livid....this only proves to me that you can't trust anyone not even your friggin therapist. she exploited me...pushing me to do this program wasn't to help me but she did it for herself to try to get a raise, promotion or something. what should i do? i wrote an email to the administrator but i feel like i need to do more....i want the other participants of this program to be notified immediately that their sessions where they talk about very difficult painful things, things that they don't like talking about, are being used for training purposes and god knows what else. update that asshole therapist was in fact promoted after pushing people to do this dumb and unethical program...people that play dirty and use people get ahead.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently swamped with tasks, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable mountain. the pressure is mounting, and i can't seem to keep up. my inbox is overflowing, my to do list is never ending, and the deadlines keep piling up. it feels like i'm stuck in a never ending cycle, and i can't seem to catch up. my energy levels are low, my patience is wearing thin, and i can't focus on anything for long enough to make any real progress. i'm exhausted, both mentally and physically, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in this sea of work
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects due at once, i feel like i'm treading water and can't seem to keep my head above the workload. there are three deadlines looming on the horizon, and each one feels insurmountable. my mind is a jumble of to dos, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing long enough to make real progress. my body is tired, my mind is foggy, and i haven't slept properly in days. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be time for that. i'm hoping to find some way to prioritize and manage my workload before i
how might they act? and what might be some helpful ways to provide support? when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they might express their feelings in several ways. they might verbalize their emotions through crying, irritability, or expressing frustration or anxiety. their behavior might also reflect their internal state they might withdraw socially, experience physical symptoms like headaches, muscle tension, or trouble sleeping, or display erratic or impulsive behavior. to support someone experiencing high levels of stress, it can be helpful to listen and provide a safe, nonjudgmental space for them to share their feelings. offering reassurance, empathy, and understanding can help them feel validated and less alone. encour
how can you recognize these signs, and what should you do? someone who is overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways. they may exhibit emotional symptoms such as constant irritability, sadness, anxiety, or mood swings. physical symptoms like headaches, insomnia, fatigue, and stomach problems might also be present. they may exhibit behaviors like procrastination, forgetfulness, frequent absences, or social withdrawal. recognizing these signs of stress can be important for both the individual and those around them. if someone is exhibiting multiple symptoms and they seem out of character for that person, it might be a sign of excessive stress. additionally, if the person is discussing feeling overwhelmed,
i quickly think to check them all out in seperate windows, and i confirm again that all of the profiles had been made very recently within the past month even up to the day of adding me. it's becoming really annoying having these profiles add me, and it's just weird that they're obviousy fake but why so specifically pose as a certain kind of person and add another? stuff about me im a lesbian so don't date older men, and i've never really hung out with anyone older than 40 so i know i can't actually know these people. and if its some weird joke i have no daddy issues, my dad is still around and its not really a funny joke its just weird. i also note that one of the profiles, which has since disappeared, was really really creepy.
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think something like, i can't keep going like this. i feel drained and overwhelmed. how can i keep pushing through when i can barely function? this thought can stem from a combination of physical and emotional factors, such as prolonged periods of intense work or personal challenges, and can impact their motivation, focus, and overall wellbeing. they may feel trapped in their current situation, unsure of how to manage their stress levels and prioritize self care. ultimately, it's important for this person to recognize that they're not alone and that taking small steps towards reducing their stress and prioritizing self care can lead to a significant improvement in their
how might others interpret their behavior? someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings through various verbal and nonverbal cues. they might have a noticeable change in their tone of voice, becoming sharp, raised, or monotone. their speech may become fast or slow, and they might struggle to find words. additionally, they may express their feelings through tears, a clenched jaw, tight shoulders, headaches, or digestive issues, among other physical symptoms. their behavior might be irritable, anxious, or distracted, leading to snapping at others or forgetting simple tasks. others may interpret their behavior in various ways, depending on the relationship with the stressed individual and their own experiences with
how can individuals manage stress and cope with its adverse effects? the continuous pressure and unrelenting demands of everyday life can take a heavy emotional toll on individuals. the constant stress can leave people feeling drained, anxious, and despondent, causing significant harm to their mental and physical well being. over time, stress can manifest in a range of adverse effects, from subtle changes in mood to debilitating conditions like anxiety disorders or depression. to manage stress and cope with its adverse effects, individuals can adopt several strategies 1. identify the root cause recognizing the source of stress is an essential first step. by understanding the root cause, individuals can develop a plan to address
when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they may find it difficult to express their feelings in a clear and articulate manner. the impact of stress can manifest itself in several ways, both emotionally and physically. emotionally, they might feel anxious, agitated, or irritable. they could display behaviors such as being easily annoyed, quick tempered, or showing signs of restlessness. they might also experience feelings of sadness, hopelessness, and depression. verbally, they might struggle to find words to describe the overwhelming nature of their stress and could find themselves frequently pausing or interrupting their speech. physically, stress can result in a number of symptoms such as a racing heart, muscle tension, head
it won t stop hello, i just wanted to say that i feel like i m in a really bad place right now. everything stresses me out. i keep getting so stressed out with everything, and it doesn t seem to stop. i get so worried and worked up about everything, and everything just seems to go wrong. i m on holiday with my parents at the moment. it s been good, and i ve been enjoying it, but the stress doesn t stop. i ve had issues with stress, anxiety, ocd and depression for a long time, and i m trying my best to deal with how i m feeling in a healthy way, but it s just so difficult. everything just seems to come with more stress, more anxiety, more confusion, frustration and uncertainty. i just don t know how much more of this i can take.
fck can i get a fckinf break holy sht okay well. every time i get a job a get sick. my immune system hates stress and work stresses me out. no matter how easy it is. i hate having my life controlled by capitalism yata yata yata. my thing is i need to sleep. i m going to buy weed, ashwaganda, and magnesium, and cherry juice to fcking sort this out. i also can t get a good sleep cus i live with my mom. jesus christ we hate each other and it s actually awful breathing the same air as her. i want to move into my grandmas house but my cousins aren t as welcoming. i just bruh and i m still enrolled in college even though i haven t gone in months. i genuinely hate life and i just don t know bro i can t live any more with this torture
someone who is overwhelmed with stress may find it difficult to communicate their feelings effectively, leading them to express their emotions in various ways that may not always be explicitly clear to others. below are some common expressions that individuals overwhelmed with stress might exhibit 1. verbal expressions they might use strong language or swearing, cry, or talk rapidly or slowly. they might express feelings of hopelessness, irritability, or anxiety. some individuals might not be able to find the right words to describe their feelings. 2. physical signs they might show physical symptoms of stress such as sweating, muscle tension, a racing heart, or stomach problems. they might shake or bite their nails. 3. social
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i've got to admit, i'm really struggling right now. there's just too much on my plate, and i can't seem to keep up. with three major projects all due within the next week, it feels like a never ending cycle of work. i'm constantly staring at my computer screen, trying to make progress, but my mind is blank. the weight of these deadlines is bearing down on me, and i can't shake the feeling that i'm drowning in work. it's not just the workload, though. my head feels heavy, and i can't seem to focus. my thoughts are jumbled, and i can't seem to
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects due at once, i feel like i'm constantly putting out fires. the weight of these responsibilities is starting to take a toll on me. my mind is racing with tasks, and i can't seem to catch up. i've lost track of sleep and my meals, and i'm barely managing to keep up with my daily routine. it feels like i'm drowning in work, and i can't seem to find a way out. i need some help, some guidance, or even just a moment to breathe. i hope things can calm down soon before i reach my breaking point.
i feel constantly stressed after going through 5 months of severe stress i feel incredibly bad. i get tension headaches everyday, insomnia, and i am low on motivation and empathy and still feel this way even after the good sleep i got tonight. i went through severe chronic stress and anxiety and i self harmed myself and went against all my values, i imagine it's damaged my mental health brain a lot. i even have irritable thoughts of my friends when i loved them and always thought the best. i feel sick and ashamed of myself. i don't know if it will get better. self compassion and compassion for others would help but i regret everything so much and don't think clearly or have the calm and loving emotions and passion i used to.
healthy ways to deal with constant stress? i mean constant. never ending always there stress. even when i m relaxing, i m stressed about the next day or something unrelated. i don t know how to stop. i just started a job, i m 18 so i thought it was time to work. i m in a bit of a bad depression patch right now where i don t wanna do anything even things i enjoy. my mom wanted me to do the job. we are about to spend 400 dollars on things i need for the job so no going back now, i feel trapped. and the thing is, i like the job. i m learning to be a dog groomer, but i m so scared i won t be able to have down time to unwind. school is already extremely overwhelming and hard to get through. how can i cope with this? i need help
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with all the projects i'm working on, it feels like an avalanche of tasks is coming towards me. i have so many deadlines looming, and i'm finding it hard to keep up. my to do list seems to grow longer by the minute, and i can't seem to catch up. my mind is racing, and i can't focus on any one thing for very long. i'm feeling a sense of panic setting in, and it's affecting my sleep and my overall well being. i need a break, but i don't see how that's possible with all that i have to do. i wish i could just
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling multiple projects at once, and it's all becoming too much for me to handle. the weight of my responsibilities is pressing down on me, and i can't seem to catch up. i have so many tasks piling up, and i feel like i'm drowning in work. my mind is foggy, and i can't focus on anything for long. i've lost track of time, and my deadlines are looming ever closer. i've barely slept in days, and my body feels drained. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one. i'm stuck in this cycle of stress and exhaustion, and i don
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects demanding my attention, it feels like i'm being pulled in a thousand different directions. the weight of these responsibilities is starting to take a toll on me. i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven't slept properly in days. i need some time to recharge and regain focus, but it seems like there aren't enough hours in the day to get everything done. i'm hoping for some understanding and support during this stressful period.
high rhr due to stress over the past month or so things in my life have gotten crazy in so many facets. my grandma got diagnosed w cancer, my mom is having sudden alarming blood pressure issues, i'm in my last semester of college, working 30 hours per week, i just got a job offer for after graduation, rent is increasing, and more all within this month. my average resting heart rate has increased almost 20 bpm. my usual rhr is around 60 65 and for the past week or so it's been sitting around 80 85. yesterday in particular my heart rate got all the way up to 180 while walking to class what would normally only bring it to around 120 130 or so . i just don't know what to do to get my stress levels down, and in return, my rhr.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently grappling with an avalanche of tasks and responsibilities, and it's leaving me feeling completely overwhelmed. with three major deadlines looming, i can't seem to catch up or find a moment of peace. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and deadlines, and my body is reflecting that stress with constant fatigue, a headache that won't go away, and sleepless nights. it feels as though i'm treading water and can't seem to find solid ground. i need some relief and a clear path forward to regain control and find balance once again.
how might you help someone who is experiencing this stress, whether they are at work or at home? someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways. they may display physical symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension, fatigue, or sleeping problems. emotionally, they might feel anxious, irritable, sad, or helpless. they might become easily frustrated, have trouble concentrating, or lose interest in activities they once enjoyed. their behavior could change, becoming more reactive or disengaged. to help someone who is experiencing stress, you could 1. listen actively encourage them to open up about their feelings without judging or offering solutions. validate their emotions by acknowledging their
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. it seems like there's an endless stream of tasks piling up, and i can't keep up. i have so many projects due all at once, and i feel like i'm drowning in work. my to do list keeps growing, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to make a dent in it. my head is spinning, and i'm having trouble focusing on anything for more than a few minutes at a time. i've been up late into the night trying to get everything done, but i can't seem to catch up. i'm exhausted, and i haven't slept properly in days. i'm
i'm quiting to save my life so i have decided to journal here me quiting smoking. at 32 i started smoking after a lifetime of bad experiences and stress. i am now 48 years old. roughly 11 or 12 years ago, i got the news that a friend i worked with but lost touch with had died of a massive heart attack. she was a chain smoker, and gained a lot of weight. she also had a stressful life full of heartbreaking and challenges. she was 49. worried about my own health, i started losing weight after i topped at 200 i'm a 5'5 female . i am now 162 with 22 pounds to go. but my biggest hurdle right now is cigarettes. i made the decision today after many scares, to quit. i will keep updating this as i go for 1 year. this....is day 1.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm finding it incredibly hard to keep up right now. between managing multiple projects, attending meetings, and trying to meet deadlines, i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up. the weight of all these responsibilities is starting to take a toll on me. i can't focus, i'm not sleeping well, and i'm feeling increasingly anxious and stressed. i need a break, but it seems like there's always something else that needs my attention. i'm struggling to keep my head above water, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going like this.
what symptoms might you observe or might the person share with you, given the nature of stress and the variety of individual reactions? stress is a common experience that can affect individuals in different ways. someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in several ways, which may include the following 1. emotional they may display emotions like anxiety, irritability, frustration, sadness, or feeling overwhelmed. they might share that they feel burnt out, unable to cope, or have the feeling that they are drowning in responsibilities. they might also express a sense of despair or helplessness. 2. physical physical symptoms of stress can vary greatly from one person to another. some common symptoms are
i don't have the ability to cope with it anymore. i'm trying, but a lot of things are triggering me, and i'm shutting down at work, just finding the place i feel safest, and staying there for an hour or two until i feel like i can do something again. i'm tired of watching my back, tired of traveling to places i don't feel safe, tired of reliving that moment, tired of being triggered, tired of the stress, tired of anxiety and knots in my stomach, tired of irrational thought when triggered, tired of irrational paranoia. i'm exhausted and need a break, but know it won't be enough until i journey the long road through therapy. i'm not suicidal at all, just wishing this pain and misery would end, to have my life back again.
what signs or indicators might you observe to recognize when someone is experiencing high levels of stress? there are several ways someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings, including 1. emotional outbursts they might display intense emotions, including irritability, anger, sadness, or anxiety. these outbursts can be unexpected and disproportionate to the situation at hand. 2. behavioral changes they might exhibit changes in behavior, such as increased caffeine or alcohol consumption, difficulty sleeping, or disinterest in previously enjoyed activities. 3. physical symptoms high levels of stress can manifest in various physical symptoms, such as headaches, muscle tension, fatigue, or digestive issues
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several major projects at once, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable mountain of work. the deadlines are looming, and i'm struggling to keep up. my mind is racing with tasks and responsibilities, and i can't seem to catch up. i'm not sleeping well, and my stress levels are through the roof. it feels like i'm drowning in work, and i can't seem to find a way out. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any time for that. i just hope i can make it through this week and get some breathing room soon.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i've got myself in a bit of a pickle here. with project a due in two days, report b needing my final touches by the end of the week, and presentation c scheduled for next friday, i'm starting to feel like i'm treading water. my mind is a whirlpool of to dos, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing long enough to make real progress. i've barely slept these past few nights, and my head is heavy with fatigue. i need a moment to catch my breath, to regroup and figure out a plan to tackle this workload before it all comes crashing down.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently swamped with tasks and responsibilities, and it's beginning to take a toll on me. with three major deadlines looming, i can't seem to keep my head above water. my mind feels cluttered, and i can't focus on any one thing for too long. my body is exhausted, and i've barely slept in days. the weight of it all is starting to press down on me, and i'm finding it hard to keep going. i need a break, but there just doesn't seem to be enough time in the day to catch up. it's a vicious cycle, and i'm struggling to find a way out.
what physical and emotional symptoms could they display? when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they might express their feelings in various ways that reflect their inner emotional and physical state. some common ways they might communicate their stress includes 1. emotional expressions they might use words that convey their feelings of anxiety, fear, sadness, or anger. they may appear tearful, irritable, or easily frustrated. 2. verbal expressions they might use repetitive phrases or speak in a monotone or rapidly. they may find it difficult to articulate what they are feeling, and their thoughts may race. 3. physical symptoms stress can manifest in various physical symptoms. they might experience headaches, muscle
i'm over reacting all the time like thousands of people in the last two years, i've had a lot of stress. lost my father, a job, and a dog. had a heavy load of family dysfunction. moved cities and found the isolation of the pandemic really tough. now i find i am in high stress mode all the time. i over react. small things irritate me. i feel exhausted. i took a four day break a couple of weeks ago and it really helped, and i felt my more reasonable and patient self returning. but now the impatient, over reactive mindset is back and dominating my life. my job is busy and demanding, but i've always managed in the past. not sure if i am stressed or depressed. any recommendations would be greatly appreciated. many thanks.
i want to do so many things but have no time i work 25 hours a week at a clinic remotely, am a part time online mph student, and am also working on several projects on the side. i feel like i have no time to pursue hobbies i once loved doing learning new languages, playing the piano, cooking and baking. by the time, i'm done with work, all i want to do is watch tv and hang out with my pets. i have only 2 hours at the end of the day. even socializing feels exhausting these days and i've been rather isolated. i have been recovering from surgeries this year 3 major ones and i have still managed to stay busy. has anyone else felt this way? i feel like i'm a rather boring person lately, but i just am so drained. amp x200b
it is as if an invisible anchor has attached itself to my soul, weighing me down, preventing me from flying and reaching my dreams, keeping me firmly grounded and chained to the present moment with no escape. stress can take a heavy emotional toll on a person, feeling like an unseen burden that keeps them anchored to their current reality, unable to reach their goals and aspirations. the constant pressure and mental and emotional strain can be overwhelming and draining, leaving one feeling trapped and powerless to break free from the chains of stress. it can be a heavy weight that prevents us from flying and soaring to new heights, keeping us firmly grounded and rooted in the present. the feeling of being constantly
super anxious and stressed after starting new job. will this hurt my body or should i just tough it out for a couple weeks? so im 23 and ive pretty much avoided jobs because of pretty bad anxiety. i just recently got a decent job pretty much handed to me so i decided to take the opportunity but the anxiety from it is insane. its not even really job related, its really just me being suuper insecure and shy and worrying about what they'll think of me. im getting heart palps, im sleeping bad, im exhausted, im getting a bunch of muscle twitches, im super brain fogged... i assume this will get better as time goes on and i feel more like acquainted to the people and job but right now its horrible. this wont kill me right?
how do we manage it and come out the other side a stronger and healthier version of ourselves? the constant barrage of stressors in modern life can take a heavy toll on both the mind and body. the emotional weight of endless worries, deadlines, and unexpected challenges can leave one feeling drained, anxious, and disconnected from their true self. but it's essential to recognize that stress is an inevitable part of life, and that we have the power to manage it and come out the other side stronger and healthier. one effective way to manage stress is through practicing mindfulness meditation. by focusing on the present moment and letting go of unnecessary thoughts and distractions, we can cultivate inner peace and res
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. it seems like the work just keeps piling up, and i can't seem to catch up. i have so many projects to complete, and each one has a looming deadline. my inbox is overflowing, and my to do list keeps growing. i feel like i'm drowning in tasks, and i don't know where to begin. my head is foggy, and i can't focus on anything for very long. i've barely slept in days, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be time for one. i'm hoping that things will ease up
covid has made me really ugly i see it. it has changed my face. the extreme and traumatizing hardships i went through with covid really changed my face. it changed my life 180 degrees. work and lifestyle. being isolated for so long on my own. wave after wave and variant battered me. so much worrying. psychological stresses. was forcefully admitted to mental health hospital twice during this time. my eyesight has degraded and i see double vision. never had this before. and saying, try to relax and meditate is like trying to put out a big fire with a small paper towel instead of a large heavy blanket. it doesnt do anything. the only thing good from it, is that i awoke from the matrix. im not blind to whats happening.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several major projects, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable mountain. the deadlines are looming, and i'm struggling to keep up. i can't focus, and my mind is constantly racing with tasks and responsibilities. i've barely slept in days, and my energy levels are dangerously low. the weight of it all is taking a toll on me, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any room for one. i hope things start to ease up soon before i reach my breaking point.
then write a paragraph about some suggestions for coping techniques during stressful times. in your reflection, it is important to communicate a sense of being overwhelmed, while in the paragraph, you can provide practical suggestions that can help reduce stress. reflection the mounting pressures at work and the never ending to do list at home leave me feeling utterly drained and overwhelmed, my thoughts constantly racing a mile a minute. coping techniques during stressful times first and foremost, it's essential to prioritize self care during periods of high stress. this can involve setting aside time each day for activities that bring you joy and relaxation, such as reading, taking a warm bath, or practicing mind
someone overwhelmed with stress may exhibit a range of emotional and physical symptoms that can indicate their inner turmoil. they might verbalize their feelings through angry outbursts, tearful episodes, or sarcastic remarks. their tone of voice may carry frustration, agitation, or despair. physically, they might experience tight muscles, headaches, racing heart, fatigue, and disrupted sleep patterns. they may also lose focus, have trouble making decisions, or feel distracted and forgetful. they might become irritable or hypersensitive to the slightest stressor, reacting strongly to situations that normally would not elicit such a response. they may withdraw socially, avoiding interacting with others or become pre
i feel like i have no personality or sense of self, and my mind will take sudden turns every week or so. i can get sudden obsessions for things and then drop them and lose interest instantly, because my whole set of core values, ideas and principles changes constantly. and i've seen people saying that it's normal . i highly doubt it's normal to change so drastically and so quickly, because i have to accommodate to a new personality every single week, and it's disturbing. actually, there were times when i changed from one day to the other and it's so disturbing because i didn't know what was happening to me...i just woke up feeling and being completely different, like something changed everything about me overnight.
how does the body and mind respond to extended periods of stress? the constant tension of stress can take a significant emotional and physical toll on an individual. over extended periods, the mind becomes frayed and weakened, leading to decreased focus, memory lapses, and emotional instability. physically, the body responds by releasing stress hormones such as cortisol and adrenaline in the fight or flight response. initially, these hormones provide an energy boost and heightened awareness, but with prolonged exposure, they can negatively impact various systems. the heart beats faster, which may contribute to high blood pressure or cardiovascular problems. the digestive system slows down, causing issues like acid
i feel like i'm becoming too sensitive.. or that i'm offended by everything. wasnt surrounded by very nice people nice places or nice things. for the most part growing up i feel like i had some pretty thick skin... then as time went by and life took its toll on me, the stress anxiety and depression happened to wear me down. i don't feel like i have a hard shell like i used to. almost everything people tell me i feel like rubs off the wrong way whether they mean it or not. i can take a joke but when it comes to general comments or statements i possibly overthink and get upset over it. at the time i wanna give a smart remark but hold myself back often.. can there be an underlying issue? possibly the result of trauma
we've been living in my grandmother's house since loosing the apt. all of our possessions, as well as all of my grandmother's possessions were in the home at the time of the fire. the property was supposed to be sold on december 29th, but when my cousin who was also living on the property unexpectedly passed away on december 24th, the buyers backed out. due to these circumstances, our home insurance had lapsed, so at the moment we have no resources to work with, except for the generosity of others. it's a massive tragedy for our family, because we didn't have any funds available for christmas either, and between family, and friends, we were able to have a great holiday, but now all of those gifts are gone as well.
i m overwhelmed and exhausted i 16 have been so stressed and exhausted for the past few weeks and now it s all crashing down on me. my last exams of the spring are starting in two weeks and i aim towards good grades but i m so tired that i can t concentrate on studying, which stresses me out even more. i constantly feel left out and belittled at school. i have two friends that i hang out with but whenever we re all together i m pretty much thirdwheeling them. home doesn t feel that good either. my parents fight over small things almost daily, my sister is always at work or at school so i never see her and my brother doesn t talk to any of us without getting angry. i feel like everything is falling apart around me.
things my boyfriend does make me feel bad sometimes for no reason actually , like when he doesn t text me back for a few hours because he s really busy with work but he texts me back whenever he can, i know it and i start having weird thoughts, like is he already tired or bored of me? is this just another guy who made me fall in love with him and think that he loves me and cares about me, and he actually doesn t give a damn about me? i don t want to have these thoughts, so i try to stop myself from thinking about that all, but sometimes i just can t stop and i feel too bad for no real reason actually because i honestly feel like he loves me a lot. . i feel like a bad anxiety attack is coming, and i can t stop it.
in what way does a person's perspective on life and experiences change when they are under continuous stress? persistent stress can take a significant toll on a person's emotional and psychological wellbeing. it's like being trapped in a never ending storm, constantly battered by the heavy downpour of worries and pressures, leaving one feeling drained, helpless, and lost at sea. the mind and body become increasingly sensitive, every small setback or unexpected challenge feeling like a cataclysmic event. a person's perspective on life and experiences shifts dramatically when under constant stress. they may begin to view the world as a threat, focusing on the negative aspects, anticipating the worst case scenarios
it's like everyone else is allowed to be frustrated but me. so i use a lot of my upt unpaid time off it's the only time off we get, no vacation or anything for my sister her wedding a whole fucking week , her kids' birthdays that she insists i be at, and things like their baptisms. and i know i use a lot of my hours on them, but overlook it because i love them and know they want to see me. but i only have 6 hours left, and each shift is 4 hours. i might have to use 4 of those today because the front of my house is flooded there's a car stuck there and an officer blocking off people from entering , because i emailed hr and even sent in a picture but this company just doesn't give a fuck and probably won't cancel.
can someone else s stress age you? 22f and 26m i ve been with my boyfriend 4 years and it was all good then a couple years ago he found out he had court because he did something really illegal not gonna say what. but the court process has been going on 2 years cuz they ve been pushing it off and he s been so stressed the past 2 years like really bad it affects our relationship to the point where i m stressed all the time too we had a kid together right when he found out he had court too. but i noticed ever since he found out i literally look like shit and getting wrinkles and all that and i m healthy otherwise i read that stress is a big aging factor so do you think it s true someone else s stress can age you ?
there are several ways someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings, depending on their personality, how deeply they are affected, and their ability to communicate effectively. here are some common ways stress can manifest itself emotionally 1. mood swings stress can cause dramatic shifts in mood, including anxiety, irritability, sadness, or frustration. the person might find themselves snapping at loved ones, experiencing emotional outbursts, or struggling to maintain a positive attitude. 2. restlessness those under excessive stress may have trouble relaxing or sleeping. they may feel restless, nervous, or jittery, finding it hard to unwind or switch off their thoughts. 3. lack of motivation st
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects due at once, i feel like i'm treading water. the weight of my responsibilities is starting to take a toll on me. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing. i've lost track of time, and my sleep has been erratic at best. my body is tired, and my mind is frazzled. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any room for one. i'm hoping that things will ease up soon, but until then, i'm just trying to keep my head above water.
i can t seem to handle the stress from any job i am 22, and i started a new job 2 weeks ago, where i work from home, doing mainly administrative tasks. i ve started hating it i have a lot of work and since i am new everything takes ages to finish. i am getting so stressed to the point that i think about work all the time instead of enjoying life. i quit my previous job after 5 months because i also found it to be stressful there i had a lot less work and looking back it was not stressful . does anyone have any advice on how to cope with this stress? also any ideas on less stressful jobs? i feel like i am stuck in the corporate cycle and not sure how i can get out. i can t seem to find a job which i would enjoy
the emotional toll of constant stress can take a heavy toll on one's mental and physical health. it can lead to anxiety, depression, insomnia, fatigue, headaches, muscle tension, and other health issues. over time, the relentless pressure can leave a person feeling helpless, overwhelmed, and detached from their emotions. it can cause strained relationships, reduced productivity, and an overall sense of burnout. the constant state of worry and uncertainty can weigh heavily on a person's mind, making it difficult to focus on the present moment and find joy in life's simple pleasures. the emotional toll of stress can leave one feeling isolated and alone, even in the midst of a supportive community, as the burden
how might music or art alleviate this burden? music and art offer a sanctuary from the overwhelming pressures of constant stress by allowing the mind and emotions to take a much needed reprieve. through a harmony of melodies, rhythm, and tones, or the powerful stroke of a paintbrush on a canvas, one can momentarily escape the confines of anxiety and tension. these creative mediums awaken the soul, evoke strong emotions, and provide a moment of introspection and relaxation, offering a profound sense of respite and rejuvenation. furthermore, research suggests that engaging in art or listening to music reduces stress levels by increasing positive emotions and improving mood. thus, in incorporating these into our
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in several ways, some of which are noticeable and apparent, while others may be subtle and hidden. they might exhibit emotional signs, such as crying or tears, mood swings, irritability, anxiety, restlessness, frustration, or despair. they could also experience physical symptoms, such as headaches, chest pains, racing heartbeat, insomnia, lack of energy, stomach problems, and other ailments related to prolonged or intense stress. in addition, someone stressed out might withdraw from others, losing interest in social interactions or hobbies, while others might seek solace and comfort from those close to them. they might lose focus, have trouble making
my mom has always been a pushover and is known to give him money with no questions asked. last night, my brother sent a group message to me and my sisters telling us to not tell our parents anything he is saying and that he loves us very much. he says he started selling drugs recently to make more money and some of his supply was stolen and now he's afraid his friend dealer will come after him. i offered to let him spend the night at my house if he felt unsafe, but he declined my offer and said that he'll take care of it. i tried to reassure myself that no dealer will kill someone over a missing gram of pot he was advertising on snapchat and i went to bed hoping that he would just get roughed up if anything.
i've suffered from a mild anxiety disorder w depression diagnosed for about 4 years, all while i've been with my now dh. dh is logical rational to a fault, and while generally supportive, cannot understand how i feel and act when depressed, or suffering from particularly bad anxiety. no matter how i try to explain to him, tell him that i literally cannot help it or just magically lift myself out of it, he insists that i'm being dramatic . it makes me feel all the more vulnerable, and all the more difficult to speak for myself. what advise experience do you have for helping someone understand who has never experienced depression and or anxiety that the disorder is real and not in active control of the victim?
here are three possible ways 1. emotionally an individual overwhelmed with stress may show their feelings through emotional outbursts such as excessive crying, anger outbursts, irritability, and anxiousness. they may struggle with maintaining positive relationships, sleep and may feel detached or helpless. 2. physically one might show physical signs of being overwhelmed such as frequent headaches or muscle pain, gastrointestinal problems, chronic fatigue, or frequent colds. they may also experience a rapid heartbeat, shallow breathing, and an elevated or lowered blood pressure. 3. cognitively someone experiencing extreme stress may express their feelings through racing thoughts, forgetfulness, lack of focus
i've had a really turbulent month and unexpected bills, and trouble with an old landlord, which has resulted in me almost being in minus on my account and almost out of rice to feed myself, i moved and got scammed out of my deposit from my landlord, which i am still awaiting, and had to buy some new things aswell as take care of my sick mate. would really appreciate any help so i could feed myself the upcoming time, not sure if i can offer much in return except my utmost gratitude though tell me if you need anything and i might be able to help . this is really a last resort for me, no food banks nearby or any family i could get help from unfortunately. thanks in advance for reading, cheers! location denmark
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. the pressure of multiple deadlines is starting to feel unbearable. i have so much work piling up, and it seems like no matter how hard i try, i can't keep up. my mind is a jumble of tasks and deadlines, and i feel like i'm drowning in it all. i can't focus, and i'm barely sleeping at night. my head is pounding, and i'm constantly exhausted. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any time for that. it's all becoming too much, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this.
feeling really sad earlier i called this temp place to see about changing my start date and all of a sudden they gave the position away and said it's probably not available for me anymore cuz they tried to start me a couple other times which is bullshit so now i have to hurry up and find another job. i applied again to the kfc that hired me and in the morning i'm gonna call the pizza place that i had an interview at on tues and i really pray i got the job there. i just really can't believe that happened like i was looking forward to going there, i just wanted to change the date smh. i really hope i can find something else asap. the temp place said i could stop back in but i don't think i even wanna do that
people who are overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways. here are some common signs and symptoms 1. emotional response someone overwhelmed with stress might exhibit strong emotions such as anxiety, anger, frustration, sadness, or nervousness. they might have mood swings, become easily agitated, or have tearful episodes. 2. verbal communication they might express their feelings through speaking, such as complaining, expressing negative thoughts, or being constantly critical of themselves or others. they might also speak rapidly or hesitantly, struggle to find words, or have a flat, monotone voice. 3. body language stressed individuals may exhibit physical symptoms such as sweating,
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i've got to warn you, i'm really struggling here. the workload i'm carrying is immense, and it's starting to feel insurmountable. i've got three major projects due in the next week, and i can't seem to make a dent in any of them. my mind is swirling with deadlines, details, and demands, and i can't focus long enough to make any real progress. i'm barely sleeping, and when i do, it's fitful and restless. my head feels heavy, my thoughts are jumbled, and my body aches from the tension i'm holding. i'm trying to take care of
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways, some of which are apparent, while others are more subtle. overt signs might include persistent negative emotions, such as sadness, anxiety, irritability, or agitation. their behavior may be erratic, with mood swings or sudden outbursts, difficulty making decisions or an inability to focus. they might have physical symptoms, such as headaches, backaches, muscle tension, sleep disturbances, or loss of appetite. in conversation, they might speak rapidly or haltingly, sometimes repeating themselves or rambling in their speech. there could be a noticeable lack of energy or motivation. they might be easily startled, their reactions dis
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects demanding my attention and tight deadlines looming, i feel like i'm barely keeping my head above water. my mind is racing, and my body is exhausted. i've barely slept in days, and my headache never seems to go away. i'm finding it hard to focus and complete even the simplest of tasks. i need some time to catch my breath and regain my composure, but the pressure to perform is immense. i wish i could just hit the pause button for a while and let my mind and body rest.
how might this presentation change if they are dealing with a chronic versus an acute stressor? consider using specific examples. when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they may exhibit various emotional and physical signs that indicate their inner turmoil. emotionally, they might express their feelings by appearing irritable, anxious, or depressed. they may display exaggerated reactions to small things, become easily frustrated, or lash out at others due to their heightened emotional sensitivity. they may also exhibit signs of frustration through body language, such as clenched jaws or fidgeting. they might share their thoughts and feelings verbally, such as i feel like i'm drowning in work, or i can
why does everything have to be so hard? i can't keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. it feels like i'm drowning and there's no escape. i just wish i could find a way to manage it all without sacrificing my own well being. this person may be feeling overwhelmed by their responsibilities, leading them to feel mentally and emotionally exhausted. they may be struggling with prioritizing tasks, setting boundaries, or seeking support from others. it's important for them to take steps to manage their stress and prioritize self care. this might include setting realistic goals, delegating tasks, practicing relaxation techniques, and seeking professional help if necessary. remember, it's okay
there are several ways that an individual overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings. here are some common symptoms and behaviors 1. mental and emotional symptoms the person may have difficulty focusing or making decisions, feel anxious or agitated, experience mood swings, have racing thoughts, or struggle with insomnia or nightmares. they may also have an increased heart rate, feel tense or jittery, or exhibit signs of depression, such as feeling hopeless, worthless, or irritable. 2. physical symptoms chronic stress can cause a range of physical symptoms, such as headaches, stomach problems, muscle tension, and pain. the person may also experience rapid heartbeat, excessive sweating, tremors
i obsess about this in my head 24 7 and even though i try to stay positive, the truth about how i really feel comes out almost every time i go out drinking with friends and i become extremely negative and sometimes cry alone. my bf has told me that he is unhappy with my weight and he also hates seeing me unhappy. a summary of my bf he is a complete workaholic, he loves me to death, he tells me how beautiful i am every day, he has dumped me 3 times because of my weight, he thinks i am an excuse maker and he does not know if he will commit to me. i am indian and he is white. i have been in the us since i was 6 and if you ever spoke with me on the phone, you would never be able to guess that i am indian.
public speaking in class frequently reduced me to tears in front of the class and i could think of nothing else for weeks, from the moment it was assigned. even listening to other people having a conversation is tiring to me, even if i'm not an active participant. as a kid i never wanted to have friends over or go to their houses because a full day of school and being around so many people was exhausting, and that is also true today at work i just want to go home and be by myself. when i say something stupid or awkward i think about it for weeks and i still berate myself for things that happened in interactions with people ten years ago. does any of this ring true with those of you with diagnosed sd?
so i have ptsd from an abusive relationship i ended about 3 years ago. when i felt healthy enough i went to therapy and did emdr and it helped and i thought i was doing well. i even moved to a different state so i could quit triggering my flashbacks a year and a half ago and haven't had a single flashback until last night. i have started dating a guy i'm pretty smitten about and last night we went out with friends and had a really good time but we also had been drinking. something triggered me and i had a flashback and was not able to control my emotions because i had been drinking it was like i went from laughing having a good time to having a panic attack and asked him if we could leave and we did.
here's a possible description when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they may express their feelings in a variety of ways, some of which may be apparent to others and some of which may remain internal. they might exhibit signs of emotional or physical distress. emotionally, they may feel irritable, anxious, or depressed. they might feel overwhelmed, unable to cope, or powerless to change their situation. they might experience a sense of helplessness or hopelessness, feeling stuck or trapped. they might be more prone to tears or outbursts of anger. they might feel detached from others, isolating themselves, or disconnected from their environment. they might feel unable to concentrate, distracted, or
my boyfriend and i generally have a good relationship. we've lived together for about a year and a half, and we have a pretty good partnership going. he's the first guy i've been with who is willing to sit down and really hash things out if we're having an issue. however there is one topic he won't hash out with me, and that's that sometimes he asks me questions out of no where that to me feel kind of like little pop quizzes that i feel are designed to try to catch me off guard and stump me. he'll randomly pose a riddle or ask a logic question, then i kind of fumble because i feel like i have to come up with an answer quickly, or i just get exasperated and tell him i'm not in the mood for a pop quiz.
just realised my sickness is stress related i can barely move from the nausea, my whole body is heavy and my head feels musty, it feels like the flu i can barely stand up for 10 minutes without feeling violently ill. the thing is, i need to pack to move out today and i've got about half of it to go. i just want to sleep and run away from it all but i can't. i'm exhausted, i've had to clean out all my moms stuff and decide on a place within a month she died recently and i'm 18 . the pressure from everyone to sell the house fast is killing me. it's not logical, or not practical. well it's not what everyone else expects of me anyway. so i need some help in managing this sickness so i can get stuff done.
taking bad decisions in stress, smoked a cigarette, ate fried chicken, that i usually don't do cuz that's what i did even i used to stress eat working a job and apprenticeship,took a day off from later to complete the pending job assignment i.e, video editing in one day. it was going fine until my dog ran away and i had to look for him for 2 hours on foot. lost my cool can't concentrate on work. skipped gym eating fried and smoking cig to get some dopamine.what can. i do that's better? i was stressing out yesterday cuz assignment was pending,so i wrote everything stressing me down.and today was supposed to be the day to do it. tried deep breathing and playing my flute.makes me feel even more guilty
how do they feel? what coping mechanisms can they use to manage their feelings and regain energy? a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might feel overwhelmed, anxious, and emotionally drained. they may have difficulty concentrating, experience irritability, have disturbed sleep patterns, or experience physical symptoms such as headaches, body aches, and fatigue. their mood could be low, and they might lose their motivation and interest in things they used to enjoy. to manage their feelings and regain energy, the person can try the following coping mechanisms 1. practice self care engage in self care activities that promote physical, mental, and emotional wellbeing. this may include
what physical and emotional symptoms might they exhibit, and how might they cope? here's a possible answer when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they might express their feelings in various ways, depending on their personality and coping mechanisms. they might exhibit a range of physical and emotional symptoms 1. emotional symptoms they might feel anxious, agitated, irritable, moody, or overwhelmed. they might have trouble sleeping or feel constantly fatigued. they might also experience a lack of focus or motivation. they might feel isolated, overwhelmed, or helpless. 2. physical symptoms they might experience muscle tension or headaches. they might feel sweats, dizziness, or heart palpitations
the next day after a meeting he tried confronting her about being ignored. to other people it s nothing, however to me, i can t stand the thought of her being assaulted or harassed in that way. i think he might be working later today when she s working. we both discussed that she would tell him to stop and that she has a boyfriend and if he doesn t stop she ll tell the manager which i m okay with. except all i want to do is protect her, part of me knows that she s going to be okay, but i need some advice about how i should address the issue if this guy doesn t stop, keep in mind the fact that i can wrestle and basically fight, and can someone tell me something that will help me hold onto the hope?
consider the impact on an individual's mental and physical health, as well as their relationships and overall quality of life. constantly living with stress can be a heavy burden that erodes one's emotional, mental, and physical well being. the incessant weight of anxiety, pressure, and responsibilities can leave individuals feeling drained, fragile, and susceptible to various ailments, including chronic health conditions like heart disease, diabetes, and high blood pressure. moreover, the unrelenting tide of stress can adversely affect one's personal relationships, leading to isolation, misunderstandings, and the disintegration of crucial emotional bonds. it can create a cycle of negativity, fuel
when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they may find it difficult to put their feelings into words, as they might be experiencing a complex mixture of emotions, such as anxiety, anger, frustration, hopelessness, or fear. however, they might exhibit some observable signs or behaviors, indicating their internal emotional state. these could include 1. emotional outbursts someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings through crying, shouting, or angry outbursts. 2. changes in mood their mood might swing dramatically, showing extreme highs or lows, or they might experience frequent mood swings throughout the day. 3. physical signs stress can cause various physical symptoms such as head
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects demanding my attention, i feel like i'm constantly putting out fires. my to do list seems never ending, and i can't keep up. the weight of it all is starting to take a toll. i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days. i know i need to take a break, but the thought of stopping for even a moment feels impossible. i just wish there were more hours in the day to get everything done.
anxiety kicked in but then heightened by all the fucking coffee i drank from working before the meet. i started shaking, i couldn't lift my head up. my girlfriend and i stepped out for a smoke, and i told her the situation, the guys moved away... they were hot too so thanks to my anxiety i missed out yet again on another golden opportunity. but once we got back to our seats, i told my girl that i recently got close to that i had anxiety and the symptoms, just casually because at this point its just a thing i have to tell people, but this time it wasn't to a fellow artist or designer, she was a nurse. instead of saying yeah i have it to or yeah we all get like that, she asked me further questions.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects demanding my attention and tight deadlines looming, i feel like i'm barely keeping my head above water. my mind is a jumble of tasks, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i've barely slept these past few days, and my body is starting to pay the price. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one. i'm hoping that somehow, things will start to clear up soon, but until then, i'm just trying to take it one day at a time.
gratitude is a huge stress reliever with the stress and chaos of this world, it is no wonder why we all are like tightly wound balls that could explode at any moment. it's an extremely trying time for us all. but it doesn't have to be... there are little things we can do on a daily basis to bring back our mental sanity and to bring us back to our place of peace and calm. besides meditation, one of the best thing that works for me is a daily gratitude practice. when we focus on gratitude daily, we block out the negative and multiply the positive. the practice literally transforms our world! to learn more about the benefit of a daily gratitude practice, click here https medium.com p cf087ef70374 .
someone who is overwhelmed with stress may exhibit various emotional, physical, and behavioral responses. emotionally, they may feel an inability to cope, frustration, irritability, anxiousness, sadness, or a sense of being burdened. they may experience mood swings or have trouble sleeping or eating due to their stress. physically, stress can manifest in a number of ways including headaches, muscle tension, stomach pain, racing heart, or shaking hands. sometimes people may experience sweaty palms, restlessness, or a sense of trembling. behaviorally, someone who is overwhelmed with stress may withdraw from social interactions, avoid responsibilities, or rely heavily on unhealthy coping mechanisms
there are various ways an individual overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings. here are a few possibilities 1. verbal expressions an individual might use words to convey their emotions, either to themselves or to others. they might speak of feeling anxious, pressured, worried, or overwhelmed. they might say they're struggling to keep up or that they're experiencing a lot of pressure. 2. physical expressions stress can often manifest itself in physical ways. for example, an individual might clench their jaw, grind their teeth, or fidget constantly. they might have tension headaches, stomachaches, or other symptoms related to stress. 3. emotional expressions an individual might display
stress can manifest in various ways, and its expression can differ from person to person. some common ways a person overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings are 1. emotional outbursts stressed individuals may cry, yell, or display other emotional reactions. they may feel unable to control their emotions, and expressing their feelings in an emotional way is one way to release some of the pressure building up inside. 2. physical symptoms stress can also cause physical symptoms, such as a racing heart, headaches, muscle tension, and stomach pain. someone overwhelmed with stress might complain of feeling tired, sick, or weak, or they might have trouble sleeping. 3. social withdrawal some
i'm aware i have problems when it comes to dating, i get jealous, paranoid and suspicious very easily. i hate it about myself and hide it from my boyfriend very well. take for example my bf, we have each other on snapchat, we maybe send one or two to each other a day it's not like a thing we do but it could be, i tried to send him more but it wasn't reciprocated. yet i always see his snapchat score go up by like 30 or more at a time i know i shouldn't snoop it just feeds my problems but i can't help it . anyway i just get jealous that he snaps loads to other people but not me, i don't know who.. it could be another girl.. he never sends a face pic to me but is he to others and if so why not me?
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects demanding my attention, i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up. the deadlines keep piling up, and i'm having a hard time keeping up. my to do list seems endless, and i can't seem to make a dent in it. i've barely slept the past few nights due to all the stress, and my head feels heavy and foggy. i need a break, but there never seems to be enough time. i'm feeling completely overwhelmed and could use some support or advice on how to manage my workload.
but recently i went on a car journey with my friends and 5 minutes before we got to the destination i started panicking because i thought i needed a wee and took a valium completely embarrassed myself in front of my friends . once we got to the destination i was actually fine and didn't really need one that bad. since then it keeps happening, like i was on the train and 1 stop before my destination i got off and walked because i started panicking. then today really got to me because i needed to get a bus that goes through a tunnel to go to the pub that takes 10 mins and i physically couldn't get on the bus because of this fear. i'm so annoyed at myself that this is starting to control my life.
i work as a security guard at a busy office building and everytime i make eye contact with my people i can literally see them shuddering inside. it probably down to the fact i have an intense stare and tend to stare in people's too eyes long,but i don't know what the social etiquette is ,what do you do when you're walking along a corridor and you bump into someone you just said hi to a few seconds ago, what do you do when you turn around and unintentionally lock eyes with a work colleague. please someone help,teach my how to make normal eye contact in social situations. it's getting to the point now where work colleagues are going out their way to avoid making eye contact with me. please help
i work as a security guard at a busy office building and everytime i make eye contact with my people i can literally see them shuddering inside. it probably down to the fact i have an intense stare and tend to stare in people's too eyes long,but i don't know what the social etiquette is ,what do you do when you're walking along a corridor and you bump into someone you just said hi to a few seconds ago, what do you do when you turn around and unintentionally lock eyes with a work colleague. please someone help,teach my how to make normal eye contact in social situations. it's getting to the point now where work colleagues are going out their way to avoid making eye contact with me. please help
it s fine if this is about your life as long as you aren t sharing anything private or personal to the level of breaching confidentiality. this reflection will serve as a prompt for the person leading the exercise, who can provide suggestions and strategies for managing stress and overwhelmed feelings in a group setting. here s a sample i can feel the weight of the world on my shoulders. the to do list in my head seems endless and i m struggling to prioritize and make progress. i need help to find a way to manage my stress and take back control. i understand the feeling of being overwhelmed and weighed down by the many tasks, responsibilities, and expectations that life presents. it can be an
what physiological changes might someone in this state experience? a person overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways. they may exhibit emotional symptoms such as irritability, mood swings, anxiety, or depression. they might experience difficulty concentrating or memory loss, feelings of exhaustion, insomnia, and frequent infections. physiologically, someone in a state of prolonged stress may experience several changes 1. increased heart rate and blood pressure the body responds to stress by releasing the fight or flight hormone adrenaline. this leads to increased heart rate, higher blood pressure, and quickened breathing to prepare the body to respond to a threat.
i wish i could find an escape from this constant pressure to perform at my highest capacity. the thought of taking a day off or even just an hour for myself feels like a luxury i can t afford. how about a response from the universe that would provide reassurance and offer support? my dear child, know that you are not alone in your struggles with stress and mental exhaustion. remember that taking care of yourself is not a luxury, but a necessary aspect of living a balanced and fulfilling life. the universe is here to support you in whatever way you need. take a deep breath, prioritize self care, and trust that the ebb and flow of life will provide you with moments of rest and renewal when you
how can i continue to push myself when all i feel like doing is giving up? a potential thought from a person who understands and empathizes with their struggle could be, i know that it's natural to feel overwhelmed and exhausted at times. it's important to remember that it's okay to take breaks and give yourself time to rest and recharge. you don't have to continue pushing yourself at the same intensity all the time. instead, consider setting realistic goals and breaking them down into smaller tasks. this can help make your workload feel more manageable. and don't forget to prioritize self care activities, like exercise, healthy eating, and connecting with loved ones. taking care of yourself
this should lead into an explanation and recommendation for how they can reduce stress 2 3 paragraphs . personal reflection i've been feeling overwhelmed these days. the endless work tasks, deadlines, and family obligations have been piling up, leaving me feeling stretched and frayed. to combat the mounting stress, i've started incorporating a few simple practices into my daily routine. first, i've been making sure to take short breaks throughout the day to stretch and move my body. even a quick walk around the block or a few minutes of deep breathing can make a world of difference in reducing tension and clearing my mind. second, i've been setting realistic expectations for myself and prior
i'm trying to figure out what i learned that is good from it. but all i can think of is that i learned no one can be trusted including myself, people are inconsistent and unstable, people don't know themselves, if love exists then it doesn't mean much, and even if you truly believe that someone else cares about you and wants you in their life to the point where you finally don't question it, they can cut you off and start treating you like you're worthless without a moment's notice. the more i process what happened the more i realize there is truly no hope for me finding the kind of relationship i hope for, and there is really nothing else worth living for besides that. so, fun stuff. right?
i'd be happy to help, but it's essential to first define stress and its emotional impact to create an accurate thought. stress, as we commonly understand it, is a state of mental and emotional strain resulting from various causes like work pressures, relationships, or personal expectations. the constant barrage of stressors in our lives can feel relentless, leaving us feeling drained, anxious, and helpless. the emotional toll of constant stress is both exhausting and overwhelming. it wears down our physical and mental resilience, leaving us feeling fragile and vulnerable. the continuous worrying and rumination can lead to insomnia, irritability, and mood swings. it can make us feel isolated
they might feel a myriad of emotions all at once and have trouble putting their feelings into words. some common expressions could include fatigue, irritability, anxiety, insomnia, headaches, muscle tension, difficulty concentrating, racing thoughts, restlessness, loss of appetite, nausea, upset stomach, mood swings, and isolation. they might feel a sense of being pulled in many directions, as though they are constantly being tugged on from all sides. their mood might be described as all over the place or like an emotional rollercoaster. they might also speak of being easily distracted or of their mind constantly racing. their feelings could also come out through their behavior, with outbur
i would say that constant stress is like a heavy weight constantly bearing down upon one's shoulders. it is an overwhelming burden that makes even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. every day is a struggle, and the exhaustion and anxiety never seem to end. it feels as though every ounce of energy has been siphoned away, leaving one feeling depleted and vulnerable. the fear of failure, the weight of responsibilities, and the relentless demands of life can feel like an unending storm cloud hovering above, waiting to unleash its torrential rains of worry and anxiety upon an already battered spirit. each day becomes a herculean effort, requiring immense strength and fortitude, leaving one
it's true that i can probably be annoying messy, absent minded so i forget lose things a lot, i'm also always making possibly annoying jokes about everything, and afraid that comes off as attention seeking or something , but i don't really have any evidence that i was bothering anyone. in fact, it seemed like we were all having a great time. but i'm having a hard time shaking my worry that i acted like an idiot or something. i felt the same way after going to my favorite cousin's wedding last year, who i also hadn't seen in a couple years. tl dr does anyone else feel reasonably comfortable in social situations as they occur, but then torture yourself over them after they have come to pass?
breaking down rn and feeling silly hello i ve just joined this sub. i don t know who to open up to rn so i decided to post here. i m in college and school alone is stressful. lately, i ve been handing in my homework late i m an aunt mom of four kids at home their parents aren t the best. i help and do most of the house work bcs i care for my niece nephews esp the youngest one . idk but everything just became overwhelming for me today. plus maybe because i have a cold rn . i love my family but i am tired. i also have other problems and i feel so silly that this is the reason why i am very stressed. idk if i m making any sense now but i hope you could give some advice or comfort thanks a lot
therefore, it should probably come as no surprise that i sprung the question of what exactly are we doing here? . well, that backfired, as he alluded to the fact he was too freshly out of a long term relationship and didn't want to commit yet jason had been single for more than a year and it was a 3 year relationship . i bit my tongue until it bled and told him that was okay because we had more friends in common by that point, despite saying i needed some direct space for a few weeks or more. unfortunately, what followed could have not been more violent. not the type of physical violence, but emotional tension and turmoil fueled by running into each other at social settings and by alcohol.
long story short worked in a call centre for 4 years for a vehicle breakdown service, starting to not be able to cope with it any more due to a combination of things change in management, not enough staff for a constantly expanding customer base, rewards based on whether your face fits rather than actual demonstrable achievements, etc . unable to relax after work, constantly thinking dreading going to work. get random mood swings about it, either intensely rageful, or wanting to burst in to tears. headaches that go on for 3 or 4 days at a time are now a regular occurence. starting to manifest in other physical ways unable to sleep, constantly weary, having a lot more sickness than usual .
how would others know if someone is experiencing stress even if they do not share their feelings verbally? someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, even if they do not verbalize them directly. here are some common signs and symptoms of stress that others might notice 1. physical symptoms stress can affect the body in many ways, leading to physical signs such as tense muscles, fatigue, loss of appetite, headaches, and sleep disturbances. these symptoms can be obvious to others. 2. behavioral changes stressed individuals may exhibit changes in their behavior, such as being more irritable, forgetful, anxious, or distracted. they may also exhibit self dest
constant stress can be a relentless beast, wearing us down with each passing moment. the weight of responsibilities and demands can feel like an invisible boulder, pressing heavily upon our shoulders. it can steal our energy, clouding our judgement, sharpens our anxiety and even leave scars on our emotional wellbeing. the cumulative effect of stress can lead to feelings of exhaustion, despair, and hopelessness. our bodies can start to show signs of wear and tear, and our minds can spiral into endless loops of worrying thoughts. each new stressor is just another straw, adding to the growing burden that we must carry, day after day. it s a lonely, overwhelming experience that leaves us long
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently in the midst of a massive workload, and it's leaving me feeling completely swamped. with three major deadlines looming, i can't seem to catch up or even keep my head above water. my mind feels foggy, and i've barely slept in days due to the constant pressure. i'm finding it hard to focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. it's a vicious cycle, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in work. i need a break, some clarity, and a little help to get back on track.
living in a state of chronic stress can leave one feeling exhausted, both physically and emotionally. the relentless pressure on our minds and bodies weighs heavy on the heart, creating a sensation of being continually tugged at from all sides. the constant striving for perfection, the unending responsibilities and expectations, the ever present anxiety and fear it's enough to drain the energy and joy from even the most enthusiastic soul. it's as if a invisible burden rests upon our shoulders, sapping our vitality, and casting a shadow over our spirit. each moment is a challenge, a hurdle to be jumped, leaving little room for relaxation or reflection. over time, this emotional burden can
an individual overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways. some common expressions of stress include 1. emotional outbursts they might cry frequently or become easily irritated or angry. their mood may change suddenly and rapidly. 2. physical symptoms stress can cause numerous physical symptoms like headaches, muscle tension, stomach problems, fatigue, and difficulty sleeping. they might constantly feel anxious, jittery, or restless. 3. social withdrawal people under stress often withdraw from social activities and isolate themselves, preferring to spend time alone. 4. changes in appetite they may lose their appetite or eat excessively as a way of coping with their
i'm so stressed at the moment, i pretty much had a breakdown in college from all the work i need to do and the deadline is next week. i have 4 different projects in on the same day at the same time and i'm doing the best i can to manage my time but it's nothing simple like typing up an assignment. it's programming work, and as much as i do enjoy programming, having to create 4 different projects with 3 different languages is causing me to panic and stress out on getting things done. i've spoken to student support and a couple of tutors but i can't switch my mind off how many deadlines i have and the worst part is that i can't do 3 of them at home. i can only do them during college hours.
how does it impact you, physically, mentally, and emotionally? the emotional toll of constant stress can be an insidious and exhausting journey. every moment is filled with heightened emotions, racing thoughts, and an overwhelming sensation of unease. physically, the impacts can be numerous and debilitating. constant muscle tension, headaches, sleeplessness, gastrointestinal distress, and frequent colds or infections are common symptoms. mentally, stress wears away at our ability to focus and remember things, it can cause anxiety and depression, and can impact our cognitive function over time. emotionally, we may become withdrawn, irritable, anxious, and disconnected from those around us
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with projects piling up and deadlines looming, i feel like i'm being pulled in a million different directions. the weight of expectations is heavy on my shoulders, and i can't seem to catch up. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i've barely slept in days, and my body feels drained and weak. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one. i'm drowning in work, and i don't know how to keep my head above water.
it might be useful to imagine someone like a busy business executive, a single parent, a college student, or a health worker. here's a quote from vincent van gogh that might resonate with their experiences i often think that the night is more alive and richly colored than the day, but i have to keep working in the daytime. a struggling person might find comfort and solace in these words, recognizing their own experience of feeling alive and vital during their late night hours but facing the daily pressures and responsibilities during daytime. they might be inspired to seek ways to integrate moments of peace and creativity into their busy lives, much like van gogh did, finding pockets of
my brother and i usually get along but for some reason, he makes me really angry, to the point that i don't like who i become. i'm a pretty level headed guy and never really yell or get angry at anyone but for some reason when it comes to my brother the anger i get is so overwhelming . he's the only one that can get me to that point of anger where i start sweating and shaking. he's never hurt me in a major way before and all the things that annoy me are little things like ignoring me, not responding to me when i talk to his lack of eye contact and him generally ignoring disregarding my attempts of communication. i don't wanna be like this towards him and i don't really know what to do.
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways, depending on their individual personality and coping mechanisms. here are some common ways stress can manifest emotionally they may cry easily, feel irritable, frustrated, or anxious. they might also experience mood swings, become highly emotional, or have difficulty controlling their emotions. physically stress can cause various physical symptoms, including headaches, muscle tension, sleep disturbances, loss of appetite or overeating, gastrointestinal issues, and rapid heart rate. they might also feel dizzy, fatigued, or weak. behaviorally someone dealing with stress may exhibit restlessness, agitation, or imp
she's been doing exams as of late and we've both had some personal problems so we haven't had time to work on our relationship. we both said we would stay together but sort it all out after she came back from a holiday she was going on with her uni. on the second last night she tells me she has kissed another guy and feels horrific about it. i tell her i'm going to leave because she has cheated in hope she realizes what life is like without me stupid i know . i've always put her needs before mine, i've tried to give her everything and be the perfect boyfriend and because my natural defense mechanism is to retreat into my shell and shut the world out i don't reply to her texts that day.
crying when stressed? does anybody else cry as a stress response after a period of stress or anxiety? i find that often happens to me when i'm alone or in a dark place literally. for example, i just came back from the cinema with my mother, and while watching the movie in a dark and safe place, the tears just started flowing, probably releasing all the built up tension from the last week. problem is, that mum noticed this and thinks there's something wrong with me now and ended up telling me to get over whatever i'm thinking about, but i'm fine. she doesn't understand that it's just a way my body gets rid of all the extra pressure and tension. my mind must find cinemas very relaxing...
sometimes, i feel like life is moving so fast that i'm just trying to keep up. the weight of expectations and obligations can be overwhelming. all i want is a moment to catch my breath and collect my thoughts before plunging back in. reflecting on their statement, i can understand the feeling of being overwhelmed by the rapid pace of life and the pressure of fulfilling various roles and responsibilities. it's a common experience that can lead to stress, mental exhaustion, and a sense of being disconnected from oneself. one solution to address this issue is practicing mindfulness and self care. by taking moments throughout the day to focus on the present moment, we can reduce stress and
constant stress can weigh heavily on the mind and body, leaving one feeling physically and emotionally drained. it can manifest as feelings of anxiety, fear, and unease, with thoughts racing a mile a minute. this can lead to chronic stress, which over time can erode resilience and leave a person feeling burnt out, powerless, and hopeless. the constant pressure can feel insurmountable, leaving one questioning their ability to cope and thrive, even in the most mundane of moments. it can lead to sleep disturbances, loss of appetite, and other negative health consequences. ultimately, constant stress can make life feel like a never ending uphill battle, one that leaves a person feeling de
but i do not even think the therapist is supposed to actually care, she actually seems to, but i cannot understand it. i did not start therapy because i thought she would care, i started therapy because i jumped off a bridge 1 year ago and i have an 18 and 21 year old brother and sister who are too young to process a suicide, it would be wrong, so therapy is the thing i figured. now i feel like it is all that i live for, a part of me really likes how kindly she is. but another part of me feels tied down these days, i am getting tired of this town and want to pick up my pack and go on down that open road just as i have 16 times in these past 15 years and she is the only reason i don't.
tired of stress i know there will always be stress but wtf? lately my life is about to roll me over. my job cps investigator has seen some of the worst abuse cases, my husband is having triple bypass surgery tuesday and there is a good possibility he may not make it off the table and if he does, his recovery will be twice as long as normal. his untreated bipolar has led him to burn bridges with all his family so i am going to be the only caregiver. next month is the 4 yr angel versary of my only child's murder. i am finding it hard to find reasons to get out of bed anymore. i am in therapy and i am medicated. if it doesn't get better soon though, i don't know how much more i can take.
trying to improve my life so i'm 33 and i'll be 34 in march. right now i'm working at mcdonald's but i'm having issues with scheduling so i'm looking for another job. i do have an aas but i never used it so i'm tryna get back into school or into a certification program but i don't wanna end up in debt. i keep wondering where i'll end up cuz i do wanna move but i don't drive so i'm tryna get an ebike but i still wanna move out of this city i'm in ohio i just keep wondering if i can get ahead in life. i know i'm taking the right steps by working and thinking of school but it's still stressful cuz i'm tryna think ahead but maybe i'm thinking too much about it anybody else feel like this?
how should i stop obsessing over songwriting? so i'm in a band, and as of right now we haven't made anything yet, but recently i've been really up for it about making music. as a result, i've been thinking, when i'm hanging about by myself, about what our music could sound like, and i'm pretty sure that's why i've got a headache right now. like, a couple of hours ago i tried taking my mind off it by for some reason listening to one of my favourite albums and i couldn't even enjoy it because i was constantly thinking about what parts of it we should and shouldn't sound like. i can't see this allowing me to write anything at all ever, so in short, what should i do? also happy christmas
it might be something like i can't keep going like this, the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i feel drained, overwhelmed and unable to cope. i long for a moment of peace, a chance to catch my breath and collect myself before i face another day of constant demands and expectations. this shows that the person is feeling the burden of too many responsibilities, both mentally and emotionally. they are seeking for relief and a chance to recover from the exhaustion. it might be a good idea to suggest self care activities like taking a relaxing bath, reading a book, meditating, or seeking support from loved ones. encourage them to prioritize their well being and acknowledge their
they might cry uncontrollably, have racing thoughts or an inability to focus, become easily agitated or irritable, experience muscle tension or pain, feel dizzy or faint, lose appetite, have trouble sleeping, or engage in unwanted habits or behaviors, such as smoking, overeating, or isolating themselves from others. verbally, they might say they feel anxious, pressured, or out of control. their speech might be rapid, labored, or hesitant. they might describe their body as feeling heavy, weak, or shaky, and they might have difficulty taking deep breaths or speaking in complete sentences. they might have recurring thoughts about their problems, an aversion to thinking or talking about
the thoughts in their head, like a constant reel, go round and round about their daily tasks and duties. they wonder if they are enough and if they are able to keep up with everything in their life. there's an overwhelming sense of pressure and self imposed expectations that leaves them feeling drained and unable to focus on anything beyond the present moment. they yearn for a break, a reprieve, a moment of peace to gather their thoughts and recharge, but their schedule is packed with obligations and responsibilities that leave little room for rest or relaxation. the thought that resonates deep within their heart and mind is i can't keep up. how can i find peace in a world of chaos?
an individual who is overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways, depending on their personality and coping mechanisms. here are some possible ways someone might communicate their feelings of stress 1. emotionally they might cry, yell, or express frustration or sadness openly. their tone of voice and body language may reflect their emotional state. 2. behaviorally they might become irritable, forgetful, or show changes in appetite or sleep patterns. they might have trouble concentrating, struggle with decision making, or procrastinate on tasks. some people might turn to substance abuse, smoking, or other unhealthy habits to cope. 3. physically stress can have
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with so many projects due at once, it feels like a tidal wave of work coming my way. i've got three deadlines looming, and i can't seem to keep up. my mind is racing with to dos, and i can't focus on any one thing. my head is pounding, and i haven't slept properly in days. it's all becoming too much, and i'm starting to feel like i'm drowning. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any time for that. i just hope i can get through this and catch up eventually.
recently my anxiety has gotten really bad, possibly the worse it has ever been and i ve been experiencing panic attacks, but i still can t justify taking my medication because i feel like i deserve to suffer. i also struggle with the feeling like i m making all this up and none of my problems exist which i know rationally cannot be true when i ve struggled with this for most my life, however i still can t shift it. i don t know if this is part of my anxiety making me feel like this or whether it is another thing i ve made myself believe. i guess i m just looking for some advice and reassurance. i m just really tired of feeling this way and constantly being in turmoil with my mind.
stress is a complex emotional state that can manifest in numerous ways, and different individuals might express their feelings of being overwhelmed in various ways. here are some common methods someone who is overwhelmed with stress might use to express their feelings 1. emotional outbursts they may have an emotional outburst, which can include crying, yelling, or becoming very tearful or angry. 2. isolating themselves they might withdraw from social engagements, friends, or family, choosing to be alone to cope with their feelings. 3. sleep disturbances they may experience trouble sleeping or changes in their sleep patterns, such as insomnia or oversleeping. 4. changes in appetite
i go back to college in 2 weeks and i don t know if i m gonna be able to pay off my unpaid balance before registration for the upcoming semester ends. title says it all. i m beyond stressed because even if i am able to pay the money it won t be until the day before registration ends and even then i would have already missed a whole week of classes and be behind. i asked them if i could instead have a payment plan and still be able to register for classes for this upcoming semester while paying off the unpaid balance for last semester and they said no. i ve been working everyday at my job and just putting it towards the balance but it seems like nothing is enough. college is a scam
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. the weight of all the tasks i need to complete is starting to feel unbearable. i have so many deadlines looming, and it feels like i'm constantly playing catch up. my mind is racing, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i've barely slept the past few nights, and my body is starting to feel the strain. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one. i just hope i can find a way to get through this and come out the other side.
someone who is overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in several ways, depending on their personality and coping mechanisms. here are some common ways someone might convey their stress 1. emotional outbursts they may express their stress through strong emotions such as anger, frustration, sadness, or tears. they might yell, cry, or get into arguments with others. 2. physical symptoms stress can manifest itself in various physical ways. they might experience headaches, stomachaches, muscle tension, insomnia, rapid heartbeat, and other health issues. these symptoms may be apparent through their tone of voice, body language, or their description of how they re feeling. 3.
i'm afraid of going into too much detail only because i constantly fear that he knows that i talk about him. to keep it short, my father was physically violent towards me, my mother, our dog, mistreated all of his animals, leaked our information on shady sites before multiple times, and has made my life a living hell up until i went to court to stop having visitation with him. i almost died twice thanks to him. i thought that it wouldn't really affect anything outside of startle reflex, trust issues, etc, but here i am years after my last visit with him and it's still affecting me fucking terribly. i just sat in bed sobbing for a half hour because i'm afraid of everyone around me.
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways. they might exhibit physical symptoms such as sweating, increased heart rate, headaches, insomnia, and gastrointestinal problems. emotionally, they might feel anxious, irritable, overwhelmed, and incapable of handling their responsibilities. they could also appear agitated, indecisive, disorganized, and lack focus. in extreme cases, they might have outbursts of anger, cry uncontrollably, or withdraw from others. they might lose their appetite, gain weight, or experience unexplained aches and pains. verbal expressions could include using negative self talk, complaining frequently, feeling overwhelmed, being
constant stress can be a heavy burden, eroding away at our emotions and physical well being. every day, the weight of responsibilities and expectations builds upon us, like an ever growing snowball. this mental and emotional pressure can leave us feeling drained, anxious, and unable to cope. over time, these negative emotions can lead to a sense of hopelessness and detachment, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the constant juggle of obligations can leave us questioning our ability to keep up, feeling as though we are on the verge of crumbling under the weight of it all. but it's important to remember that we are not alone in this struggle and that taking care of
there are several ways someone who is overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings. here are a few common signs and symptoms 1. emotional outbursts they might exhibit emotional outbursts, including crying, yelling, or becoming easily irritated or frustrated. they may feel overwhelmed with their emotions and have difficulty managing them. 2. physical symptoms stress can manifest itself in physical ways, such as headaches, fatigue, insomnia, stomach problems, muscle tension, and racing heartbeat. someone overwhelmed with stress might complain of feeling tired all the time, having trouble sleeping, or experiencing aches and pains throughout their body. 3. cognitive symptoms
i'm now 18 years old,from germany and going to school right now, planning on study psyochologie. the only thing that seems to slow me down right now is chronic panicattack like illness that seems to destroy everything i've build up for myself. it is a constant strain of thought that i fear the most that developed from the time i was six. eversince i was six years old i started having weird forced habits like touching certian things for x amount of times or making weird noises. the older i got, the less i had these forced habits and the more i had something like a second voice in my head that was thinking of something entirely else and actually disturbing that i couldn't control.
i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibility, with each wave representing another obligation demanding my attention. the tension in my body and mind leaves me feeling weak and disconnected from the world around me. each day, i struggle to keep my head above water, only to feel swept away by the next incoming wave. i crave the relief that comes from a moment of peace and tranquility, but it seems out of reach as the relentless tide keeps pulling me under. i fear that this continuous struggle will eventually leave me drained and powerless, unable to handle even the simplest tasks. i long for the strength and resilience to weather the storm and find balance amidst the chaos.
person i feel like my brain is a used up rubber band, stretched too far and unable to snap back. the tasks, responsibilities, and obligations pile up higher than mount everest, leaving me feeling trapped and incapable of handling it all. time feels like it's slipping through my fingers like sand in an hourglass, yet everything around me seems to stand still. i'm drowning in the sea of my own obligations, with no relief in sight. how can i keep going, when even the simplest of tasks feel like an insurmountable challenge? the struggle of managing multiple obligations, feeling overwhelmed by responsibilities, and experiencing mental exhaustion is a common experience for many people
how does it manifest in people s thoughts, emotions, or actions? consider drawing upon various perspectives, such as scientific or sociological, to build a more comprehensive understanding of this phenomenon. stress, a constant companion in modern day living, is a psychological and physiological response to pressure or threats that overwhelm an individual's coping abilities. its far reaching impact on the mind and body can manifest in various ways, often causing profound emotional tolls. from a scientific perspective, constant stress can activate the body's fight or flight response, flooding the system with stress hormones such as cortisol and adrenaline. while acute stress can
there are several ways that someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings 1. emotionally they may cry, become irritable, or express anger or frustration. they might have difficulty sleeping, experience mood swings, or withdraw socially. they may express feelings of helplessness, hopelessness, or anxiety. 2. physically they may experience physical symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension, fatigue, or gastrointestinal problems. they might have difficulty eating or sleeping. 3. behaviorally they may display compulsive behaviors, such as overeating, undereating, or substance abuse. they might become perfectionistic or procrastinate, avoiding tasks that add to their
but i told him that i m not over it and his response was kinda like i feel so guilty, it makes my life hard, i wish you could just forgive me. so now i feel pressured to forgive him and it s frustrating because he didn t give a damn about my feelings when i was 9 and crying my eyes out because i just saw my dad push mom and hit her. in fact, i remember him telling me to shut up. he didn t give a damn about my brother when he pushed him against a wall to yell at him when he was only in middle school. and i can t help but feel like that fueled my brothers heroin addiction that almost killed him and still could cause he recently relapsed. i m just so angry and i don t want to be.
stress is an emotional state that can be challenging to identify and articulate, and individuals who are overwhelmed by it may exhibit a range of emotional and physical symptoms. here are some common ways someone might express their feelings of stress 1. mood swings a person may become easily irritated, anxious, or impatient, or display mood swings, which can make it difficult for them to interact effectively with others. 2. difficulty concentrating they might have trouble focusing on a task or making decisions, and may feel scatter brained, forgetful, or distracted. 3. physical symptoms stress can also manifest as physical symptoms, such as headaches, muscle tension, fatigue,
in your own words, consider the ways that stress damages our mental and physical health and how it affects us socially and professionally. stress is a pervasive force that we all face in our daily lives, and its insidious nature can take a significant toll on our wellbeing. the constant pressures of meeting deadlines, managing workload, dealing with personal issues, and coping with uncertainties can lead to a state of chronic stress that erodes our mental and physical health. mentally, stress can leave us feeling anxious, irritable, and emotionally drained, affecting our mood and ability to focus and perform at our best. over time, it can lead to anxiety disorders, depression
how do they express their feelings, what steps do they take to manage their stress and exhaustion? here is a possible reflection i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and deadlines. the pressure to perform at work and at home is becoming unbearable, and i find myself barely getting through each day. my mind is a jumble of worries, and i'm constantly on edge. i know i need to take care of myself, but the prospect of adding one more thing to my plate feels overwhelming. i try to make small changes, like taking short walks during my lunch break or setting aside time each day for meditation. i've also started practicing deep breathing exercises before bed to help quiet
unfortunately, it also affects pretty much everything in my life, including working memory and everyday events. it didn't happen daily or even weekly, but i was always afraid that i might say or do something that can trigger it, so i always kept quiet and didn't say much, and i guess that's why my language did not develop properly either. the neuropsychologist i saw offered me books to read to learn more about my condition but did not give any other treatment options because the cause of my disorder was unknown. i was wondering if maybe now that i know why i most likely struggle with memory, i can go back to get more solid treatment options? if so, who should i see for help?
we were able to get everything out quickly but.. this isnt a simple fix anymore. we have a roofer coming out on the 4th for an estimate, but unless its about 400 which i doubt it will be, i have no idea how to pay for this. this year has gotten worse and worse each month. we just blew everything we have to get out water pump fixed so we'd have water again 10.5k plus our ac broke luckily only 400 and then our car battery died 120.. ive maxed out every card i have, can barely make the min payments cause stuff keeps piling so my credit has been shot and i just... i dont even know what this sub could do to help but if anyone has some advice or like a charity that would help us?
stress is an insidious thief, stealing away the vibrancy of life and leaving behind an exhausted, faded shadow. its relentless grasp leaves little room for joy or love, leaving you feeling empty and lost. each day becomes a tireless endurance challenge, sapping strength and energy at an alarming rate. memories of happiness become distant and faded, while the constant churning of worry and fear eats away at the soul. the weight of stress seems never ending, crushing hope and replacing it with despair. despite the daily struggle, it seems impossible to find an escape, leaving one to wonder if the dark cloud will ever truly lift. but even amidst the struggles and hardships, a
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in a variety of ways, depending on their individual personality and coping mechanisms. here are a few common ways someone might show that they're feeling stressed 1. emotional outbursts they might cry frequently, or become easily frustrated or angry over seemingly insignificant things. 2. physical symptoms they may experience physical symptoms such as headaches, tension in the neck and shoulders, stomach aches, or lack of energy. 3. changes in appetite they might eat too much or too little, or experience cravings for comfort foods. 4. social withdrawal they might withdraw from friends and family, or find themselves
they might say, i can't keep going like this, my mind and body are completely drained. i need a break, but i can't seem to find the time or energy to give myself one. they might also express feelings of being overwhelmed, constantly having too much on their plate, and struggling to prioritize tasks or find moments of rest amidst their busy schedule. they may feel anxious, uncertain, and helpless in finding a solution to manage their stress levels and maintain their well being. here are some potential affirmations or supportive thoughts that could bring comfort and encouragement to this person 1. you are not alone in feeling this way. stress and mental exhaustion are common
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. i have so much on my plate that i feel like i'm going to break. there are three major projects i'm working on, and each one has a looming deadline. i can't seem to keep up, and i'm starting to feel the weight of it all. my head is spinning, and i can't focus. i've barely slept the past few nights because my mind just won't shut off. i need a break, but i don't see how that's possible. i'm drowning in work, and i'm not sure how to keep my head above water.
the person, let's call her alice, feels as though she is constantly drowning in a sea of responsibilities and expectations. she longs for a moment of peace, a break from the relentless cycle of work, errands, and familial obligations. alice lies in bed, staring at the ceiling, trying to clear her mind. yet, with every exhale, new thoughts and tasks flood her consciousness, beckoning for her attention. a part of her feels guilty for wanting to escape this reality, knowing that countless people face far greater challenges than her. yet, despite her efforts to remain positive and grateful, she can't help but feel swallowed up by an overwhelming tide of stress and exhaustion.
this person may be overwhelmed by their personal and professional responsibilities and finding it difficult to manage all the demands on their time and energy. here is one possible thought i feel like i'm drowning in obligations. between work projects, family commitments, and personal goals, i can barely keep my head above water. i'm constantly juggling tasks and pushing myself to the limit, but it seems like no matter how hard i try, there's always more to do. i feel so drained and uninspired, like i've lost touch with what truly matters to me. maybe i need to prioritize better or delegate some tasks, but sometimes it feels like everything is too important to ignore. i
consider the impact on relationships, self care, and mental health, along with suggestions for coping strategies to help manage the stress. stress, a silent yet relentless force that weaves its tendrils into the very fabric of our daily lives, often sneaking up on us unannounced. constantly battered by the demands of work, family, or personal expectations, the emotional toll of perpetual stress can be a crushing burden. the impact of this never ending juggle is palpable in fractured relationships, with emotions brimming over into misunderstandings and missed connections. loved ones become distant figures as the stress ridden mind fixates on pressing deadlines or looming
yin yoga is a wonderful way to regulate the nervous system and manage stress i am a ma level clinical mental health counselor and was recently certified as a yin yoga therapy instructor. though i cannot offer individualized catered sessions, i do provide yin yoga classes on youtube wildheartyogahh as a free resource to help those who may not be able to afford help in other ways. many people store emotional energy in the body specifically in the fascia, since 80 of nerve pathways end in the fascia and yin targets release of fascia and connective tissue through long 3 min , passive holds. it is a wonderful, gentle practice, for the mind and body! hope it can help someone.
i didn't tell anyone, not even my family. i felt i had to protect them they were already insolved with cps trust me, though, they're awesome and i knew if i brought abuse into our case, i would inevitably send them down an unnecessary path. social workers don't blame the abuser, they jump to the conclusion of negligent parents parents who were irresponsible enough to not know this was going on. they didn't know, they didnt know because they couldn't know. i went out for a few hours and they assumed i was hanging out with my friends, at least that's what i planned to do they assumed i went to school and got an education, not beatings when the teacher was out of the room.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. the pressure of multiple deadlines is starting to feel insurmountable. i have so much work piling up, and it seems like no matter how hard i try, i can't keep up. my mind feels foggy, and i can't focus on anything for very long. i've barely slept in days, and my body feels exhausted. i need a break, but i can't seem to find the time or energy to take one. i'm feeling overwhelmed and helpless, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this.
how can you use a positive affirmation to help that person and turn the situation around? a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might have thoughts such as i can't do this anymore, i'm not cut out for this, or i'm failing at everything. to help turn their situation around, you could encourage them to practice positive affirmations. one simple yet effective affirmation is, i am capable and deserving of rest, and with each passing moment, i am growing stronger. this affirmation acknowledges the current struggle while also emphasizing the person's resilience and capacity for growth. by reminding them that taking a break and allowing themselves to rest is a
remember that the thoughts are constantly changing as this individual struggles to cope, so the writing should reflect that internal turmoil. in the still of the endless churning gears of industry, i find myself pinned, entangled in the unrelenting mesh of expectations and responsibilities. the relentless drip of deadlines, the incessant hum of voices clamoring for my attention. each one more pressing, more urgent than the last. a million fragments of unfinished thoughts dance through my consciousness, fleeting as their owners demand my focus for yet another trivial detail. the weight of it all is a crushing yoke upon my chest, making each breath an arduous endeavor. i
and now it's like he did a complete 180 and decided that i have to do exactly what he wants. i'm sure that he is worried about his children going wild as young adults like he did, which is fair, but frankly, i've always been very responsible with money, drinking, and just about everything else. i've always been told that i'm mature for my age and have never been anything near a problem child. i really don't think there's any cause for him to worry so much about me, and i'm terrified of standing up to him because, frankly, he does stuff like take my phone away or monitor my spending, so i don't feel safe standing up to him. i obviously can't go along with this forever.
i wanted to go to this art school in an expensive city only because this place is wayyyyyyy cheaper then most art schools and it has all the majors i'm interested in, which i could use for like storyboards for movies and what not. they have really nice dorms and if i could just get the funding for school i could do that, but i have really bad mental illness and i need my cat, he checks to make sure i'm breathing at night and comforts me during panic attacks. which means i'd need an apartment, and a job. i'm not against working my ass off, i'm just getting down right now, no responses to applications can do that. i'm in a state that doesn't even have a real art school.
a large portion of each of my check goes to making payments to this card but with the interest charges each month i budgeted and itll take me decades to pay it off and cost me thousands. i was in a tough spot, jobless, homeless, and had to rely on the card but now i need to find options on how to pay it off or get a lower interest rate. i have heard of those advertisements about taking out a personal loan with a lower rate and using that to pay off the card then just paying the personal loan off, are those viable options? what is my best option right now, these interest rate charges are killing me and i can barely make ends meet. any advice would be deeply appreciated
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. it feels like i'm being pulled in a million different directions at once. i have so many projects due, and the deadlines are all looming. i can't seem to focus on any one thing, and my mind is constantly racing. i've barely slept in days, and my head feels like it's in a fog. i'm trying to take things one step at a time, but it's hard not to feel overwhelmed. i just wish i could catch a break and get some things done before it all piles up even more.
i don't think i have the means of moving out. i got my review in dec. and i was supposed to get a raise if i did well, but they gave me a bonus instead and i know i should be grateful i got anything but it wasn't what i needed and i can't get another job at the moment, nothing in the area is hiring for more than what i make at the moment. but i don't know what to do with my family. just this morning i heard my sister telling my parents, they should like her more because she is the winner and i am not. i think she was talking about jobs she recently got hired at a private university and is making great money, has excellent benefits, and could help her get her masters.
stress is an innate human response to challenging conditions, and everyone experiences it differently. however, when someone is feeling overwhelmed by stress, they might express their feelings in various ways, some of which are quite common and recognizable. here are a few ways they might describe their feelings to those around them 1. they might have trouble finding words a person feeling swamped by stress can experience a range of emotions that might be difficult to verbalize. in such cases, they may use phrases like i don't know, or i can't explain it. 2. they might be tearful or emotional stress can evoke strong emotional responses, and a person might cry easily,
why get angary? do you get angry when your child is not listening to you? do you feel angry when your boss scolds you? do you feel hurt when your team members are not achieving the target irrespective of your training? anger is common. well managed anger can used be a constructive emotional tool that motivates you to make positive changes. it aids to keep a distance from toxic people and situations and creates a positive fire within us. if not dealt with it in a positive way or if we allow ourselves to prolong, it will lead to destructive results that take a toll on your he .. continue reading https feellitent.wordpress.com 2022 12 19 7 quotes that will destroy angar
constantly living with stress can feel like carrying an unrelenting heavy burden, with the weight bearing down on your shoulders and pressing against your chest. the world around you blurs, as the seemingly endless cycle of demands leaves little room for escape or respite. every decision feels life or death, and every moment is a battle to keep your head above the rising tides of responsibility. even when the situation seems manageable, the lingering fear of the unknown creeps in, leaving you in a perpetual state of tense uncertainty. the emotional toll is a silent and ceaseless symphony of anxiety and exhaustion, a haunting reminder of the cost of constant pressure.
i can t keep doing this. the endless cycle of work, bills, relationships, and responsibilities is wearing me down. i need a break, but i don t know how to escape it all and find some peace. this thought reflects the feeling of being overwhelmed and the need for a respite from the daily grind. it suggests that the person is experiencing both mental and emotional exhaustion, and that their coping mechanisms may be insufficient. they may be seeking a way to recharge and find inner peace, but feel uncertain about how to achieve it amidst their numerous obligations and pressures. some potential responses to help this person might include 1. encouraging self care practices
they are overwhelmed by work demands and are finding it difficult to keep up with their tasks while maintaining some level of personal wellbeing. one may think, why am i feeling this way? i thought i was capable of handling more than this. maybe i need to reevaluate my priorities and expectations. i've been giving too much of myself to work and neglecting my personal needs. i need to establish better boundaries and learn to say no when necessary. but, at the same time, i can't afford to fall behind at work. this is a catch 22 situation. how do i maintain my personal health without sacrificing my career? they may feel like they are stuck in a cycle of constant stress,
how might that emotional state impact your ability to write or compose, and what methods might help alleviate that emotional impact? thought wearing the armor of responsibility day in and day out, feeling the weight of the world upon my shoulders, i find myself drowning in an endless ocean of stress. each wave crashing down threatens to engulf me, leaving me struggling to tread water, desperate for air. my mind races, yet all that emerges are hollow words on a blank canvas. my heart heavy, my spirit weary, it feels as though the muse has abandoned me, leaving behind only silence and darkness. the emotional turmoil raging within me steals my energy and my inspiration
thought action fusion 37 bizarre everyday examples thought action fusion https negativestress.com tag thought action fusion taf is a cognitive distortion that occurs when a person believes that merely thinking about something is the same as actually doing it. this can lead to feelings of guilt and anxiety, as well as problems with procrastination. taf can lead to some negative consequences, such as anxiety and depression. however, it can also motivate us to take action and achieve our goals. read more about taf here https negativestress.com thought action fusion 37 bizarre everyday examples https negativestress.com thought action fusion 37 bizarre everyday examples
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, depending on their personality and coping mechanisms. here are some possible ways someone expressing feelings of overwhelming stress could exhibit 1. emotional outbursts they might become tearful, irritable, or easily upset. their mood swings can make it difficult for them to focus or interact effectively with others. 2. physical symptoms some people cope with stress through physical means, leading to symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension, rapid heart rate, fatigue, or gastrointestinal distress. 3. insomnia chronic stress can lead to insomnia, making it difficult for someone to sleep
stress manifests itself in various ways and can affect individuals differently. when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they may exhibit a range of emotional and physical symptoms. here are some common ways that people might express their feelings 1. emotionally they may feel sad, anxious, irritable, or upset. they might have feelings of fear, frustration, or despair. they may experience mood swings or become easily angered or provoked. 2. physically stress can cause a range of physical symptoms, including headaches, muscle tension or pain, fatigue, insomnia, and gastrointestinal issues. someone who is stressed may complain of feeling rundown or having low energy.
this is all 1 days worth of stuff and it s not even everything but this has been going on for months. my mum says she doesn t know what to do with me that i ve always been mildly anxious but it s just completely spiralled out of control since christmas time. also i can t sleep i m getting 5 hours ish a night and i used to get 8 hours everyday. i don t know what to do whether i m justified going to a doctor or i m just being stupid and making people with real anxiety and other mental illness look bad i feel like i m being stupid and i hate my personality. edit sorry i haven t posted on here before so i m a bit worried i ve come to the wrong sub or written it wrong.
in your post, explain the potential short term and long term effects of chronic stress on an individual. chronic stress is a relentless thief that gradually robs us of our vitality, happiness, and overall well being. with every relentless beat of our racing hearts, each shallow breath, and every tensed muscle, we feel the insidious impact of stress on our minds and bodies. short term effects of chronic stress include increased heart rate and blood pressure, muscle tension, headaches, sleeplessness, irritability, anxiety, and depression. stress suppresses our immune system, making us more susceptible to illness, and impairs our cognitive abilities, making it harder
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i've got a mountain of tasks piling up on my plate, and i'm struggling to keep up. the deadlines are looming, and i feel like i'm drowning in work. my mind is a jumble of to dos, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing. i've lost track of time, and my sleep has been erratic at best. my body is exhausted, but my mind just won't shut off. i need a break, but there's always one more thing to do. i'm feeling overwhelmed, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going like this.
there are various ways in which someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings. here are some possibilities 1. emotional outbursts they might exhibit sudden outbursts of anger, frustration, sadness, or anxiety. their emotions might be intense and hard to contain, leading them to cry, yell, or lash out at people around them. 2. physical symptoms they might experience physical symptoms such as headaches, fatigue, muscle tension, heart palpitations, or gastrointestinal problems. their body may show signs of the stress they are feeling. 3. isolation they might retreat from social interactions and isolate themselves from family and friends. they may find it
hey, so i come from a middle class family and study far away from my parents for university already scary for me as you can imagine . after going home this winter my parents dropped the bombshell on me that they are struggling to pay my tuition. the thing is, although we are not super rich or anything, my fathers work covers 80 of my tuition and housing, the reason that my parents are unable to pay is that my dad is fairly disorganized and let his expenses build up. my tuition is due this friday and i just called my parents and woke them up to inform them that its getting really serious now my dad promised to make an arrangement with his friend to pay my tuition .
living with constant stress can feel like carrying an invisible boulder on your shoulders. every day, you must face new challenges that seem insurmountable, chipping away at your energy and spirit. the weight of expectations presses down on you, making even the simplest tasks feel exhausting. your heart pounds faster in your chest, adrenaline rushes through your veins. but eventually, the tension begins to drain your emotional resources. your joy fades, your motivation wanes, and your resilience weakens. the boulder begins to crush not only your dreams but the very essence of who you are. each day becomes a battle, not for survival, but for the scraps of happiness
the thought of helping people, curing diseases and caring for someone makes me happy. imagine a person who s an asshole but need help on health, i would help him her. however, i need to finance med but i need to work on my current stature to get the money but this job makes me anxious to the point that i am having refluxes because of stress just the thought of working on it. the problem with me is i know i can do for the meantime this job but it was a mistaken path, i could have done dev since it involves little customer interaction. i felt helpless because i need the money but feels like i am fooling myself to work my ass up for something that is not my passion.
he has applied for disability but is currently facing waiting two years for an answer he was denied once before . he tells me he wants to work but is unable to due to the pain he suffers from walking being on his feet for too long, and a fine he could face from disability for applying for job while applying for disability. he currently has no bank accounts or other means to collect money. he literally only has the clothes that are on his back. i am currently unable to fully support him because i am living across the country from him and am not able to afford to rent him a room about 500 a month along with my own expenses and any additional expenses he might need.
use 10 words or fewer, excluding the title and necessary punctuation and capitalization. tight deadlines, endless tasks, feeling out of control, exhausted, pressure mounting, struggling to breathe, need relief. to better ensure clear communication, please refer to the submission guidelines at the end of this page. due to popular demand, this personal reflection, titled beneath the mounting pressure, was published in issue ii. you can read this issue, as well as over fifty other reflective poems, short stories, and essays, absolutely free by clicking this link or by entering issue ii into the issue search field at the write launch. to see all available publication
people who are overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in several ways. here are some of the common expressions 1. emotional outbursts stress can make people emotional and easily teared. overwhelmed individuals might sob or cry easily, reflecting their feelings of sadness, frustration, or helplessness. 2. irritability and temper tantrums people under a heavy load of stress might become easily irritated, snap at others or lash out, expressing feelings of anger, frustration or impatience. 3. mood swings overwhelmed individuals might fluctuate between different emotions in short intervals or inappropriate responses, conveying feelings of fear, despair, or
how do they cope with overwhelming demands and constant multitasking? when the mind is overwhelmed with the endless stream of tasks, responsibilities, and expectations, it's common for a person to experience stress and mental exhaustion. here are some thoughts they might have, along with ways they cope with the challenges of managing overwhelming demands and constant multitasking 1. i can't keep up with everything. i feel like i'm constantly behind and there's never enough time in the day to get everything done. to cope, they might create a prioritized to do list, delegate tasks when possible, or set realistic goals for what they can accomplish in a given day. 2.
one could describe stress as a relentless weight on the mind and body, like the never ending crunch of deadlines and responsibilities bearing down upon you, eroding the once sturdy foundation of your thoughts and actions, and ultimately leaving you feeling weary, depleted, and fragile. it's a persistent companion that gnaws away at your energy, focus, and self confidence, constantly threatening to break the already brittle surface of your resilience, leaving you raw and exposed to the unforgiving world around you. in essence, stress acts as a cruel master, whittling away at your spirit and leaving you feeling like a mere shadow of your former self. the emotional
imagine a large, dark raincloud that is following you from day to day. you can't outrun it, and you can't hide from it. every step you take, no matter where you go or what you do, the raincloud is always there, looming overhead. it rains on your parade, dampening your spirits, making every task feel harder, every decision more difficult. the weight of constant stress starts to pull you down, leaving you feeling drained, exhausted, and helpless against the unrelenting barrage of demands and expectations. eventually, you may even begin to believe that the raincloud is a part of who you are, a permanent feature of your existence, rather than an external force that
when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they might express their feelings in several ways, including 1. emotional outbursts the person might cry, yell, or display other extreme emotions that indicate their inability to cope with the stress. these emotional outbursts can occur in private or in public, depending on the situation and the person's comfort level. 2. changes in behavior the person might exhibit changes in behavior, such as becoming easily irritated or agitated, isolating themselves from others, or sleeping excessively or not at all. they might also engage in impulsive or risky behavior, such as smoking, drinking alcohol, or eating unhealthy foods. 3
i feel like i'm constantly spinning my wheels, going through the motions but achieving little. the weight of expectations and responsibilities is too heavy for me to bear, and it's wearing me down. my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety, making simple tasks seem insurmountable. i fear i'm reaching a breaking point, and i'm not sure how to find relief. is this what life is always supposed to feel like? from their perspective, they may believe that this state of being is natural and that they should just push through it, but it's important to recognize that chronic stress and mental exhaustion can have negative effects on both their physical and mental health. encour
when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they may have difficulty finding the words to accurately describe their feelings. however, there are several common ways they might express their emotions 1. mood swings they might exhibit rapid and intense changes in mood ranging from anger, anxiety, or sadness depending on the situation or stimuli they are encountering. 2. irritability or agitation even minor annoyances may cause them to react more strongly than usual, becoming easily agitated or irritable. 3. cognitive symptoms they might experience racing thoughts or inability to focus, leading to forgetfulness, disorganization, or difficulty making decisions. 4. em
a possible answer is constant stress can lead to an overwhelming sense of mental and emotional exhaustion. it feels like an endless rollercoaster ride, where the highs are short lived and the lows drag on for what seems like an eternity. every day brings new challenges, each demanding immediate attention and solutions, leaving little time for self care or reflection. the pressure to perform, meet deadlines, and appease others weighs heavy, leading to feelings of anxiety, frustration, and helplessness. the toll on mental and emotional well being is significant, making it essential to find effective coping mechanisms and prioritize self care to prevent burnout.
people who are overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways. here are a few common ways 1. emotionally they may cry, yell, get easily irritated or moody, or feel overwhelmed with negative emotions like sadness, anger, or anxiety. they may also express feelings of helplessness, hopelessness, or frustration. 2. physically stress can manifest itself in various physical ways, such as headaches, muscle tension, fatigue, insomnia, digestive problems, or rapid heartbeat. some people may also experience trembling, sweating, or shaking. 3. behaviorally stressed individuals may exhibit various behavioral signs, such as avoiding social interactions
their body and mind have become so overwhelmed that their usual ways of coping are no longer effective. they are feeling lost and helpless, searching for something new to provide relief. person exasperated i can't do this anymore. my mind and body are exhausted, and all the things i used to do to cope with stress don't seem to work anymore. i need something new, something different, but i don't even know where to start. can anyone offer some guidance or insight into what might help me in this moment of despair? response i'm truly sorry to hear that you're feeling this way. it can be incredibly challenging to cope when our usual methods no longer bring relief
my mind feels like a jumble of scattered pieces, each thought a fragmented shard that refuses to coalesce into a recognizable shape. the overwhelming weight of responsibility, expectations, and obligations leaves me feeling utterly depleted, my spirit battered by the relentless tide of demand. my dreams have been consumed by work, my passions silenced by the inescapable pressures that pull me in different directions. i yearn for moments of respite, for the simple pleasures that once filled me with joy, but they too seem like distant memories, lost to the swirling tempest within me. the constant battle to keep up, to stay afloat, leaves me questioning if i'll
can t stop crying at night i really have no idea what my next step. 100 fault in a car accident, waiting for injury claim amount, then my boss told me he wanted me move to a new place and start working there, or i will be fired. nothing good in this year. got covid, involved in accident, then at the edge of losing my job. no visa lottery. no new friends. no visits from parents. can t stop crying at night, because i have to pretend to be very ok in office, with clients and coworkers. try to work more hours to please supervisor but he ignored and promoted others. i know i am still away from anything crazy, but i really don t know why am i suffering all these.
i feel like my brain is a constantly running tap, draining all of my energy and focus. every day is a battle just to keep up with the basic tasks of life. i can't seem to find the respite or the strength to recover. i fear i may never find a way out of this downward spiral of anxiety and exhaustion. this thought comes from someone who is feeling overwhelmed and drained by the mental and emotional demands of their life. they are struggling with stress and mental exhaustion, which is affecting their ability to cope with even the most basic tasks. they feel as though they are stuck in a cycle of anxiety and exhaustion, with no end in sight. they fear that they
constant stress is a relentless weight, a never ending tide that washes away peace and joy. it is an emotional maelstrom that steals away tranquility and leaves behind a shattered spirit. the relentless pull of deadlines, expectations, and responsibilities can feel overwhelming, leaving one feeling depleted and drained. the emotional toll of constant stress is a burden that is both physically and mentally exhausting, wearing down even the strongest of souls. each day feels like a battle against time, a war with no clear end in sight. the pressure mounts and mounts, as if there's a heavy ball and chain attached to one's shoulders, making even the simplest of
the internal dialogue should revolve around their responsibilities, deadlines, and the weight of expectations both internal and external. remember to convey the overwhelming nature of the stress, but also try to maintain a tone of reality in the language, ensuring the character's voice is authentic and relatable. inner monologue barely conscious, my eyes flutter open against the backdrop of relentless beeping the steady, insistent rhythm of my alarm clock demanding yet another day of my existence. i'm stuck in the inescapable labyrinth of responsibility, a prisoner to my own commitments. there's the mountains of work awaiting me at the office, undeterred by
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think something like, i feel drained of energy, as if i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. no matter how much i sleep or try to rest, i can't seem to shake off the fogginess in my mind or the constant worry that consumes me. i'm afraid i'll never find a way out of this vicious cycle and will be left to suffer indefinitely. it's important to note that everyone experiences stress and mental exhaustion differently, and this thought is just one possible representation of how someone might feel in this situation. if you or someone you know is struggling with stress and mental exhaustion
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways. emotionally, they might exhibit signs of anxiety, frustration, anger, sadness, or hopelessness. physically, they could experience symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension, insomnia, appetite changes, or gastrointestinal issues. they may display behavioral indicators, including restlessness, irritability, forgetfulness, or procrastination. verbal expressions might include complaining, yelling, crying, or uttering phrases that indicate their emotional state, such as i can't handle this, or i feel like i'm drowning. if the stress is prolonged or severe, they might withdraw socially,
the following are a few common responses someone may exhibit when they feel overwhelmed by stress 1. emotional the person might display intense emotions such as anger, sadness, anxiety, or frustration. they may have a short fuse and respond with anger, or they may weep frequently. alternatively, they might withdraw and become very reserved or distant. 2. physical a person experiencing high levels of stress might have several physical symptoms such as headaches, insomnia, muscle tension, or gastrointestinal problems. they may feel sick, experience fatigue, or have a rapid heartbeat. 3. cognitive stress can also affect someone's thought processes, leading to
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in several ways, depending on their personality and comfort level. some common ways they might express their emotions include 1. emotional outbursts they might lose control and have an emotional outburst, displaying anger, frustration, sadness or fear in intense ways. their tone of voice might increase in volume, their face might twist into different expressions, and they might cry, yell, or become physically restless. 2. verbal expression they might find it difficult to find the right words to describe their feelings, and they may use phrases such as i feel terrible, i can't take it anymore, i'm a
i wanted to plant a new chapter in my new city, but haven't had time to devote to making it happen yet. i feel like i was the only one taking it seriously and it's dying a slow death. my problem is that one of the acquaintances is giving me a lot of power play type problems. for example, i'll request four times in three different mediums we use, to email contributions to an end of year favorites list and rather than do that, she put hers on a share drive and told others to do the same in spite of my multiple requests to email me instead for better ease of sharing. emails are met with snarky responses or half measures which mean i still have to chase down.
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, depending on their personality and the intensity of the situation. here are some common expressions 1. emotional outbursts they might cry, shout, or become easily tearful or angry. this is their body's way of releasing built up emotion. 2. physical reactions they may experience physical symptoms like headaches, stomach aches, or muscle tension, expressing their discomfort in a tangible way. 3. verbal expressions they might express feelings of frustration, fear, anxiety, or hopelessness. their language might reflect a lack of control, with phrases like i can't take it anymore, or
unfortunately with the way things have worked out this month, i am left with little cash until my ssdi is deposited a week from friday. and normal ly i d say i d just wait until then to take my dog, kane, to the vet, but he has developed a little bit of a cough, and he doesn t seem as active as he normal ly is 2yo chocolate lab, so he should be pretty active . i called the vet and they suspect it could be heartworms, so while i have the 50 for the office visit, i don t have the 45 for the test. any help towards this would be greatly appreciated. i can pay back, but as sad as it sounds, i might have to make it in a couple payments as i m on a fixed income.
an individual who is overwhelmed with stress might find it challenging to articulate their feelings clearly. however, they might exhibit some common signs and symptoms 1. emotional outbursts they may react with strong emotions, crying, getting angry or frustrated easily, or feeling sad for prolonged periods. 2. anxiety and restlessness they might feel constantly on edge, easily distracted, or unable to relax. 3. lack of focus and motivation stress can make it difficult to concentrate, set priorities, or accomplish tasks. they might avoid doing things they need to do, or procrastinate indefinitely. 4. changes in appetite or eating patterns they might overe
stress is a perpetual tidal wave that relentlessly crashes against the shores of our psyche, incessantly battering and exhausting the mind and body. with every wave comes a new demand, a new deadline, a new challenge, leaving us constantly on guard, constantly alert, and constantly drained. the constant pressure to perform, to keep up, and to prove ourselves wears us down, leaving us fragile, vulnerable, and emotionally drained. every successive wave, each bigger and more turbulent than the last, brings with it an increasingly steep price. it corrodes our spirits, our patience, and our sense of self. the emotional toll of constant stress is not just about
but i still froze and cried through the entire thing. some of the sensations brouvht me to memories of old sensations, andi felt really vulnerable, trapped, and ashamed, and i haven't been able to shake it off all day. part of it is that we have company staying in our home so i don't feel like i have the space to care for myself, and it just further perpetuates the shame feeling. in fact, i felt too ashamed to go home right after, and drove around for an hour and a half before i felt like i at least i wouldn't have to explain myself to my boyfriend's family. additionally, because it's my boyfriend's family, my boyfriend has been unavailable to me all day.
prolonged stress due to previous period of stress i m in my final year of engineering school and previous semester was pretty stressful for a solid month, i had to change up my routine. i managed to get everything done, but i never celebrated. straight after that i moved to a new place, and felt more stressed, as it didn t meet my expectations. then i got pretty sick. and now 2 months after it feels like the stress has built up, and is there just for the sake of it. i feel stuck in the stress trap. anything i do in life stresses me, and it can t stay like that for long. i need to escape, i need some peace. share with me your thoughts. i m open to listen.
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways depending on their personality and coping mechanisms. here are some possible signs and behaviors they may exhibit 1. emotional outbursts they may cry easily or get angry quickly, revealing their emotional vulnerability, frustration or fear. 2. verbal expression they may complain about their stressors, speak negatively about their circumstances or use phrases like, i can t take it anymore! or this is too much! 3. body language they might show tension in their shoulders, frown, clench their jaws or engage in restless behaviors such as pacing or biting their nails. 4. sleep disturb
this thought doesn't have to be lengthy, but it should convey the feeling of being overwhelmed and exhausted. thought the weight of the world rests heavy on my shoulders, the constant pressure of unmet expectations leaving me drained and devoid of energy. each day brings new challenges, and i feel as if i'm drowning in the never ending tide of responsibilities. i long for moments of reprieve, to simply be still and catch my breath before the tide threatens to swallow me whole. but the relentless march of time only accelerates, leaving me feeling lost and adrift, constantly battling to keep my head above water. the strain etched deep into my bones, a test
remember to include thoughts on time, responsibilities, expectations, and the resulting feelings. title burdened the hands on the clock seemed to freeze, time refusing to move in synchronization with my racing heartbeat. five more minutes, i pleaded internally, clinging onto that small segment of the day like a drowning man. how had i reached this point, the precipice of a breakdown, teetering on the edge of my capabilities? work. it was always work, an endless maze of responsibilities demanding the best of me. every email in the inbox, every meeting scheduled, every report needing revision was a boulder added to the ever growing mountain of expectations
in the still of the early morning, as the sun crept over the horizon, i found myself staring at the endless pile of work scattered across my desk. i inhaled deeply, my chest tight with anxiety, as if every breath pulled me further into the pit of dread that threatened to consume me. each task, an enormous mountain to climb, seemed insurmountable in the overwhelming tide of responsibilities that crushed me. my heart pounded with each thought of the deadlines that loomed ominously overhead, my mind filled with the deafening chorus of demands. my thoughts raced through my consciousness, spinning wildly like a merry go round of worry. how could i complete it
how can you manage your stress when you're feeling burnt out or emotionally depleted? what is one thing that can help you feel better and more in control? as a dedicated and hardworking individual, i often find myself feeling stressed and overwhelmed, particularly when faced with numerous tasks and responsibilities. to manage my stress, i practice self care, engage in activities that bring me joy, and prioritize my time, ensuring i am not spreading myself too thin. one thing that helps me feel better and more in control is taking a mindful break to focus on my breath and recenter myself, allowing me to approach challenges with renewed energy and clarity.
life is a never ending loop of responsibilities, deadlines and tasks. it feels like there is no escape from this mental prison i've created for myself. i am constantly being pulled in different directions, leaving me feeling drained, anxious and uncertain. i can't help but wonder, will i ever be able to break free from these chains and live a peaceful, meaningful life? every day i'm searching for ways to manage my stress, but the pressures of the world seem to be insurmountable. i long for moments of stillness, of calm and clarity, where i can simply be, rather than constantly pushing myself to keep up. the weight of the world is too heavy to bear, and i
the silent sadness that you feel for no apparent reason yet somehow you feel too weak or too much of a pussy to do anything about it or even think that you deserve better because you feel like you deserve whatever painful feeling you are going through you feel like you rather suffer a long and painful life rather than ending your life because you feel like you deserve whatever agony you are going through the anxiety and panic attack come and go whenever they please. sometimes it feels like you somehow been hit by an invisible truck and your body is as frozen as it somebody turned you into a popsicle and you have no other choice but shake from the inside.
he apologizes if i point it out later, but the first instinct is always to blame me. and often the thing he's blaming me for is exaggerated, and made to look like a routine flaw in me, even if it's a once off thing. he doesn't hesitate to show his bad mood displeasure which applies to how he is around most people not just me, but i think it's worse when it's about me . he doesn't hide it at all even if we're around other people, so i have to be particularly cautious not to piss him off or bring up anything that could upset him in public. when he's upset displeased in private, he withdraws and it's up to me to grovel and convince him to talk to me again.
unfortunately with the way things have worked out this month, i am left with little cash until my ssdi is deposited a week from friday. and normally i d say i d just wait until then to take my dog, kane, to the vet, but he has developed a little bit of a cough, and he doesn t seem as active as he normally is 2yo chocolate lab, so he should be pretty active . i called the vet and they suspect it could be heartworms, so while i have the 50 for the office visit, i don t have the 45 for the test. any help towards this would be greatly appreciated. i can pay back, but as sad as it sounds, i might have to make it in a couple payments as i m on a fixed income.
how does it make you feel in your body? in your mind? remembering an actual time of extreme stress might be helpful. i hope i am not being overly specific . this reflection will be the inspiration for an essay or essay component for my english comp 1 class. thank you. i recall a time in my life when the pressures of my academic and personal obligations piled up so high that each day felt like an insurmountable mountain. with each passing moment, i could feel the heavy weight of stress knotting in my chest, my heart racing wildly, my body tense with unending worry and concern. my thoughts whirled around in a vicious cycle of anxiety, unable to escape the
i literally felt her lose interest in talking to me as i said that. she asked me some basic questions and then suggested that i go into walk in counseling that my school offers because she doesn't want to waste my time being there. i told her that it wasnt a waste of my time and that i'm here because i want to get better. this was only my second time meeting her and we never delved into any of the main issues that i was facing but she brushed me off so quickly all because i wasn't sobbing my eyes out or felf like committing suicide. she acknowledged the fact that i wanted to stay and talk about other things in therapy but she proceeding to rush me out.
nap hello. in past six years ive been working two jobs. one at the warehouse and one on the morning paper route. everyday i tri to go to sleep around 8 9 sometimes i wake up at 2.30. sometimes even earlier. i get back home from paper route around 6. then i want to take a nap. i have set my alarm at 7.25. so abaout hour, hour and half. but in most days i just cant. like today. in about 50 minutes time, i woke up 5 6 times. and everytime i close my eyes i just see dreams. switch sides. and again, dreams. like i want to know. is it pointless even taking that nap, or is it possible somehow to switch off dreams. it is just so frustrating, ruins my mornings.
you are a busy executive in a high pressure environment, constantly juggling multiple deadlines, competing priorities, and demanding stakeholders. despite the seemingly endless to do list, there never seems to be enough time, energy, or resources to tackle it all. in the midst of this turmoil, your mind races, filled with thoughts of unmet expectations, potential consequences, and looming pressure from every angle. executive oh god, another email. just one more email, and i'll break. this inbox is a black hole, sucking up every waking moment, every thought, every breath. my calendar, the bane of my existence. appointments stacked on top of appointments
i sometimes feel like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. my mind is always racing, and no matter how much i sleep, i still feel drained and lack energy. i'm not sure how much longer i can keep up this pace, and it's starting to affect my relationships and my work. i feel trapped, and the thought of seeking help feels overwhelming. i wish there was a way to find peace and calm amidst the chaos. maybe i need to learn how to say no or find better ways to manage my time and responsibilities. but the thought of letting go of control and allowing myself to be vulnerable is terrifying. the stress and mental exhaustion is taking a toll on me
people overwhelmed with stress often exhibit a range of emotions and physical responses that can make it difficult for them to cope. they might express their feelings in various ways, including 1. verbally they may speak in a monotone or quick voice, sounding anxious or agitated. they might frequently interrupt themselves or others during conversations. overwhelmed individuals may use phrases like i don't know, i can't, or i have to. 2. physically their bodies might demonstrate the effects of stress through clenched jaws, a tense or hunched posture, or rapid heartbeats. overwhelmed individuals might experience gastrointestinal issues like stomach pains
one common reaction to constant stress is exhaustion not just the physical need for rest, but also the emotional and mental drain. this exhaustion can lead to feelings of sadness, irritability, frustration, and a sense of being overwhelmed. it can make us question our ability to cope and even doubt our worth. it can lead to feeling disconnected from others, as we focus on our own burdens, rather than being present in the moment. the relentless pressure can leave us feeling trapped, stuck, and unable to escape. ultimately, the emotional toll of constant stress can leave us feeling helpless, alone, and struggling to find meaning or purpose in our lives.
i'm currently dealing with a great deal of stress and mental exhaustion. it feels like my mind is always racing and no matter how much sleep i get, i still wake up feeling tired and drained. my energy levels are consistently low, making it difficult to focus and accomplish daily tasks. it's a vicious cycle the more exhausted i feel, the less productive i am, and the more stressed i become. i feel like i'm stuck in this cycle with no escape. it's challenging to find the motivation to take care of myself and prioritize self care when it feels like my body and mind are already at their limit. the thought that keeps coming back to me is how can i find the
how might this impact those around them? an individual overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways. some common signs include 1. emotional outbursts they might cry, shout, or become irrational, unable to control their emotions. 2. physical symptoms stress can cause headaches, muscle tension, chest pain, palpitations, and insomnia. they might exhibit restlessness or excessive sweating. 3. social isolation stressed individuals often withdraw from social engagements, as they find it difficult to cope with the demands of everyday life and interactions with others. 4. change in appetite stress can suppress one's appetite, leading to
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, some of which may include the following emotional outbursts they may cry a lot, express frustration, or show sudden intense emotions out of proportion to the situation. physical symptoms they may experience physical symptoms like headaches, fatigue, insomnia, or stomachaches, among others. irritability they may be quick to anger or easily irritated, making even the slightest issues seem overwhelming. detachment they might withdraw from social interaction or become detached and isolate themselves. impatience or agitation they might show signs of being edgy or nervous, always
he suddenly wanted to have a relationship with her, which i saw as a good thing. i said he could come over to visit as often as he wanted, he just needs to tell me before hand so i can be home. we decided to give our relationship another shot and i got pregnant again immediately. we moved into a house together, i had really horrible morning sickness this time and bob got disgusted with my neediness and moved out again a week later, leaving me in a huge house i can't afford or maintain, again far away from any form of support necessary for a pregnant mother of a young kid. he seems to love his kid very much but has no concept of taking responsibility.
they may exhibit a range of symptoms, including but not limited to 1. emotional outbursts an overwhelmed person might cry uncontrollably, express rage or deep sadness, and may use aggressive or passive aggressive language to communicate their feelings. 2. physical reactions stress can manifest itself in several physical ways. for instance, they might have tension headaches or muscle pain, experience a racing heart or fast breathing, feel nauseous, or lose their appetite. they might also develop stomach problems like heartburn or diarrhea. 3. cognitive symptoms overstressed individuals might report feeling unfocused, distracted, or disorganized. their
it could be a bank teller handling an irate customer, a firefighter facing a raging inferno, or a student trying to complete a difficult homework assignment. in the quiet hum of the bank, the teller sat, her eyes locked onto the numbers dancing before her on the computer screen. the day had started off well, just like every other day. the customers trickled in, deposits made, transactions completed. but now, with the clock creeping towards the close of another monotonous day, she felt her mind start to fray, the edges of control beginning to unravel. the man in front of her that man, the one she had encountered countless times before threatened to sh
how can loved ones tell if someone is experiencing stress, and what can they do to help? someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways, such as 1. emotional outbursts they may become easily irritable, tearful, or anxious, showing heightened emotional reactions to daily life situations. 2. physical symptoms stress may manifest as physical symptoms like headaches, fatigue, insomnia, loss of appetite, or gastrointestinal issues. 3. change in behavior stressed individuals might avoid social situations, withdraw from friends and family, or display restlessness or inattentiveness. 4. decreased productivity they may experience a
they would text and call constantly throughout the day begging me to forgive them for hurting me but that they're in love and love can't be stopped. they got increasingly angry and started calling me selfish for trying to keep them apart. after i wrote a bit about the sexual abuse in an anonymous online diary my ex who knew my username but i thought i had blocked from the site started harassing me more. angrily telling me that i need to stop pretending he raped me and how i wanted everything that happened and that i was just a jealous ex. i won't and kinda can't remember missing pieces of time go into all the details, but he gaslighted me pretty bad.
as much of an asshole i know it makes me, i simply can't put my heart into a relationship in which i know i'm not the father of her child. i was ghosted this past summer by one of few people i've ever wanted to have a relationship with, and the subsequent weeks were a quest to find sex that would distract me from the pain. others came before, but she's the first to actually show interest in the long term. she's made these ambitious plans for our distant future, and i don't have it in my heart to tell her it'll never happen. she's the first girl to show me daily how much she cares for me, and the impending thought of breaking her heart is killing me.
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways, depending on their personality and the level of stress they are experiencing. here are some common expressions of stress 1. emotional they might cry, become irritated, or feel sad, anxious, or overwhelmed. they may say things like i can't handle it, or i feel like i'm drowning. they might have trouble sleeping, or experience racing thoughts or mood swings. 2. physical they might feel symptoms like headaches, tension in their shoulders or back, racing heart, trembling, or loss of appetite. they might complain of feeling constantly tired or having trouble focusing. 3. behavior
i dont know what to do to be liked again, i guess it would be different if she had hated me from the beginning but that just isnt the case. she also hates my boyfriend and doesnt allow him anywhere near her house. i cant move because the rent is only 500 and i cant afford anything else, and yes, i do have a job. i've even asked her why she thinks i'm so stupid and she said because nobody taught you these things so i guess shes helping, it's just hard to know that i'm a failure. i try to meditate and to think very very very deep before i say anything, like to try and think of every outcome and if it might make her hate me more then i shouldnt say it.
this could include physical symptoms, psychological responses, or both. the persistent grip of stress leaves my body exhausted and weary, a heavy weight on my shoulders that drags me down. each day, i wake up feeling like i've already run a marathon, my body wracked with tension and my mind a whirlwind of anxiety. my thoughts race like a freight train, my emotions volatile and unpredictable, leaving me feeling drained and overwhelmed. it's as if i'm constantly walking on thin ice, one misstep away from drowning in a sea of responsibilities and expectations. my heart beats rapidly, my muscles ache, and my mind spins out of control, leaving me trapped
without my meds i can be kinda unstable, few months back i stopped taking them and ended up breaking my hand because of it. i have no real education except high school diploma and i wasn't smart enough to finish community college as i'm useless with math and science and that's all i needed to finish for a general studies degree. all i seem to be doing is existing and that means i'm a burden on anyone who tries to help me and right now i'm dragging my partner down. i just need help figuring out what to do so i can stop being burdensome and be useful and have a purpose again. i don't really know what to do anymore, but this is all i have left to try.
this has begun to bother me since i do try to please her and go out of my way to have a little foreplay but she never really returns that favor. it has become a one sided physical relationship. i've even had multiple times where i have trouble getting it up, and its largely due to the fact that i receive no physical stimulation prior to intercourse. we've known each other a year and been officially dating for about 9 months. i finally decided to say something a month ago because it was really beginning to bother me because i'd hoped she'd slowly overcome these fears with time but she seems to be content with how things were and not going to change.
how might the people around them recognize the signs and respond? someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, such as 1. emotional outbursts the person may cry, yell, or become easily tearful, irritated, or angry. they may express feelings of frustration, helplessness, or hopelessness. 2. physical symptoms stress can manifest itself as physical symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension, backaches, or stomachaches. the person might have trouble sleeping, eating, or even concentrating. 3. isolation people who are feeling overwhelmed by stress might pull away from their friends and family, preferring to be alone. 4.
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways depending on their personality and communication style. here are some common signs and expressions of stress 1. emotionally they may express feelings of sadness, anxiety, fear, irritability, or frustration. they may have trouble sleeping or experience physical symptoms of stress, such as headaches or gastrointestinal problems. 2. verbal they may speak in a monotone or rushed tone, forgetting important details or miscommunicating due to a racing mind. they might use words like overwhelmed, stressed, or anxious, often followed by apologies or qualifications. 3. behaviorally
an individual overwhelmed with stress may exhibit various emotional, behavioral, and physiological signs that suggest they are experiencing significant stress. here are some possible ways they might express their feelings 1. emotionally irritability or frustration they might express feeling easily irritated, annoyed or frustrated, leading them to lash out at others or become short tempered. anxiety they might describe feelings of worry, fear, or uneasiness. overwhelmed they might describe feeling overwhelmed or swamped with tasks and responsibilities, finding it hard to cope. sadness or despair they might express feelings of sadness, hopelessness,
an individual who is overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in several ways, some of which may include 1. emotionally through tears, tantrums, frustration, irritability, anxiety, or sadness. they might feel they have no control over their emotions, and their reactions could seem disproportionate to the situation at hand. 2. physically through fatigue, headaches, stomach issues, frequent colds, body aches, or poor sleeping patterns. their body may be showing signs of stress through physical responses. 3. behaviorally through eating too much or too little, procrastination, neglecting responsibilities, social isolation, or substance abuse
the only truly good therapist i've been to was in sweden, she listened, took extensive notes, remembered stuff and didn't talk about herself or her personal life. i need to see a therapist but i don't know what to do. i can't teach my therapists how to do their job nor should i feel like i need to in the first place. i also have chronic illnesses which makes it tiring if not at times impossible to have to constantly fight back against all my doctors to make sure they actually treat me and my symptoms and not just the numbers on my chart. it's gotten to the point where i'm really pessimistic about getting better or even being able to get good help.
this can be the result of various sources in one's life such as work, school, or personal relationships. consider how this stress might affect one's mental and physical health, and how it can impact their ability to cope and function effectively in their daily life. thought the weight of constant stress gnaws away at my core, leaving me feeling frayed and drained. the tight knot in my chest, a persistent reminder of the unrelenting pressures i face each day, saps my energy and focus. the emotional burden threatens to overwhelm me, as fear, anxiety, and self doubt cloud my mind, making it difficult to process even the simplest of tasks. my thoughts
stress after coming home guys i really need your help. i don't know when it started but here it is. when i am in college studying and having fun with friends, its great. i am even quiet popular in group. but when i leave from there i don't know but i just stress a lot. i do have situation where my talk is cut off, in a normal way as everyone else's does. but i cant get over it. and other things which i don't even know make me stress. and then i start overthinking and cant do nothing. i might start to bit nails, scratching skin during the stress. after like an hour or two are passed, i am normal and very productive and enjoy it. please i need help.
life is too much, sometimes it feels as if my mind is exploding with endless to dos and responsibilities. the world keeps spinning, expecting perfection, and all i can manage is to get through each day. how can i find peace and balance in this chaos? response i'm sorry to hear that you're feeling overwhelmed and exhausted by life's demands. it's common for individuals to experience stress and mental exhaustion in today's fast paced world, where productivity and performance are highly valued. however, it's essential to remember that no one can be at their best all the time and that taking care of yourself is crucial. first and foremost, acknowledge
i had a heated argument the other day and ever since i've had a mild heart ache and it won't go away i had a bad argument the other day and ever since i've been getting this dull ache on my heart ever since, ive gone through quite a lot these past couple years, mainly i've lost 2 family members and now my dad has terminal cancer and there's been a lot that's gone on since then too, basically my life's been a disaster, but this constant dull ache i've been getting since the argument is something i've never had, ive had occasional heart pains that come and go, like a shooting pain but nothing like this and i'm not sure if i should be worried or not?
people experiencing overwhelming stress can express their feelings in various ways. here are some common signs and expressions 1. emotionally they may seem irritable, anxious, agitated, tearful, easily upset, or emotionally drained. their moods can be unstable, leading to feelings of helplessness, hopelessness, and despair. 2. physically stress can manifest as physical symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension, fatigue, insomnia, and gastrointestinal issues. they might experience elevated heart rate, high blood pressure, rapid breathing, and sweating. in extreme cases, stress can even lead to heart attacks, strokes, or other health complications
consider including feelings of being overwhelmed, losing control, and experiencing anxiety or fear. use rich language to capture the depth of emotions. in the labyrinth of my mind, the gears of thought turn relentlessly, grinding against the worn edges of anxiety and fear. the sun rises and sets, yet the relentless ticking of the second hand on the clock is my only companion in this perpetual day of endless tasks and unyielding deadlines. the weight of responsibility crushes me like the unyielding anvil of sisyphus, and with each boulder i roll uphill, the gravitational pull of pending chaos threatens to tear me apart. the pressure of expectation
how could you, as a friend, respond to these feelings? stress can manifest itself in various ways, both physically and emotionally. some common expressions of stress include 1. emotional outbursts a person overwhelmed with stress might cry, become easily upset, or lash out at others, expressing feelings of frustration, sadness, or helplessness. 2. physical signs they might complain about headaches, stomach aches, muscle tension, or insomnia, indicating the body's response to stress. 3. cognitive changes they may have trouble concentrating, making decisions, or remember things, revealing the impact of stress on their cognitive abilities. 4. social
anti stress device research hello all, we are a group of university students who are in the process of creating a functional prototype for patients with heart disease and or anxiety disorders, as well as for people who lead a stressful lifestyle. it is a relatively small wearable device placed on your chest that allows you to start a vibration in the chest area in the event of a panic attack to calm the heart, thereby helping you to more easily achieve cardiac coherence, which is proven to calm the organism. we would like to ask you to fill out this questionnaire https forms.gle xewq86d3bxxxtyms8 https forms.gle xewq86d3bxxxtyms8 thank you a lot
i'm feeling completely drained, both mentally and emotionally. the constant pressure to perform at work and the endless demands on my time outside of it are taking a toll. i wonder if i'm cut out for this lifestyle. maybe i need to learn how to say no more often and prioritize my own self care. generating a response it's completely normal to feel overwhelmed at times, especially in today's fast paced world. it's important to remember that taking care of yourself should always be a priority. consider setting some boundaries with your work and personal commitments to ensure you have enough time for self care activities, such as exercise, hobbies,
people overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, such as 1. emotionally they might cry, get angry, become irritable, feel anxious or depressed, have mood swings, or feel overwhelmed and powerless. 2. physically they might experience tension headaches, body aches, dizziness, chest pain, stomach problems, insomnia, or changes in appetite or weight. 3. cognitively they might have trouble concentrating, forget things, make mistakes, or have racing thoughts and obsessive worries. 4. behaviorally they might avoid certain situations, withdraw from relationships, turn to unhealthy coping mechanisms like smoking, drinking, or
remember, this should be written as though it's coming from within their own thoughts, addressing their own self. title burdened heavy breaths, my heart races against my ribs. the silence in the room feels deafening. my mind is filled with the chaos of deadlines and mounting expectations. a thousand pieces of unfinished business, like puzzle pieces scattered across the table, each one demanding my attention. my thoughts move like frantic gears, turning relentlessly without resolution. i long for stillness, for a place where i can lay down the burdens that consume me. look within yourself, i whisper to my reflection, what has brought you to this
the constant burden of stress, the heaviness upon my shoulders, the weight of the world on my heart, every exhale a struggle to keep going. the tears hidden beneath a constant smile, the exhaustion that lingers even in the early hours of the morning. every decision feels like a battle, and i fear the casualties that may come. my thoughts race as the world around me spins, i am but a leaf in a storm, drifting and clinging on for dear life. yet even as i cling to the present, my mind wanders to a future of uncertainty and fear. the emotional toll of stress leaves me hollow, like a broken record that echoes my past failures, a chilling reminder of
self employed business stress. slowly eating me alive. i m a 2021 graduate. i went straight into being self employed product photographer. the first few months i made a good wage. lots of clients and a good business overall. i now haven t had a booking in 5 months. when i got really busy, i extremely over booked myself. sometimes working 7 days a week and staying up all night to finnish projects. being that overworked and rushes. i d make stupid mistake etc. effecting business overall. i miss working. i have no money coming in but i live with my parents so i have some times to figure that out but i just don t want to fail. i put my all into jt.
how do they cope with these intense emotions, and what actions could they take to alleviate the symptoms? person i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. the constant pressure at work and personal responsibilities have left me emotionally and mentally drained. i can't seem to switch off my mind and every day feels like an uphill battle. it's exhausting. thought i understand that you're going through a tough time right now. it's important to acknowledge your feelings and not push them away, as they can manifest in different ways if suppressed. here are a few things you could try to help cope with these intense emotions and alleviate some of
i remember waking up in a cold sweat, my heart pounding, my mind racing. anxiety and worry clung to my every thought like an inescapable shadow. i felt trapped in my own mind, each tick of the clock carrying a new load of responsibility. the weight of constant stress had seeped into my bones, eroding my energy and vitality. each day brought new challenges, and each night brought little respite. the emptiness of my soul grew heavier with each passing day, a deepening void threatening to consume me whole. though i yearned for rest, i knew that tranquility would not find me until i found a way to escape the chains of stress and worry that held me
so i've recently started having anxiety attacks where it becomes hard to breathe, with the subject regarding many topics, mainly obsessing about relationships and government bureaucracies that i have to handle lately, and mainly where my life is going. i feel kind of lost. my spouse and i live in a war torn country full of people trying to rip you off any chance they get, everyone is rude and generally don't fit the way i've been brought up, everything is expensive and the stress is beyond measure here. not how we were brought up. we're waiting for me and her to finish college so we can get out of here and move to a civilized nation elsewhere.
how can writing help manage this stress? thought the weight of constant stress on my shoulders feels unbearable, like a boulder threatening to crush me. each day brings new challenges, and my mind and body are left reeling, struggling to keep up. my heart races, my mind scatters, and sleep eludes me. i long for moments of tranquility, yet amidst the noise and demands, these moments seem a distant dream. my emotional wellbeing wilts as the stresses grow, leaving me wondering if i have the strength to carry on. writing can help manage the emotional toll of stress by providing an outlet for expression and reflection. putting words to our thoughts
it's common for people who are experiencing significant stress to express their feelings in various ways, some of which might include 1. mood swings they might experience abrupt changes in their mood, going from sadness or irritability to anger or anxiety quickly and without apparent reason. 2. lack of energy or motivation they might exhibit fatigue, sleep disturbances, or loss of interest in activities they once enjoyed. this could be due to the body's response to the stress load. 3. emotional outbursts they might react intensely to seemingly small or unimportant issues, leading to emotional outbursts or heightened emotions. 4. physical sympt
the person, a hardworking student, says, it feels like i can't catch a break. i'm so burnt out from all the studying and deadlines that i barely have any energy left to enjoy the things i love. i feel like i'm just going through the motions, and even the thought of tackling another assignment leaves me drained. a possible thought for this person might be, it's important to recognize that taking a break and prioritizing self care can ultimately lead to greater productivity and overall well being. i may feel like i can't afford to take time away from my studies, but in reality, allowing myself some time to rest and recharge will help me approach
this can include any feelings, emotions, thoughts, and worries that may be contributing to the feeling of stress and overwhelm. how might they seek relief from these feelings? i am feeling swamped by responsibilities, consumed by deadlines and anxiety about failing to meet them all. the mounting pressure on my shoulders is nearly unbearable, and my mind races nonstop with endless worries and to do lists. to seek relief, i yearn for a moment of solace a long, deep breath to regain focus and composure, perhaps submerging myself in the tranquil waters of a quiet bath, or immersing myself in the calming, soothing tones of my favorite music. i long
i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, expectations, and constant stimulation. each day feels like a race to keep up, but instead of reaching the finish line, i find myself falling further behind. i'm losing touch with the things that bring me joy and the people who care for me. all i want is to take a deep breath and feel at peace, but my mind won't let me. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, and i don't know how much longer i can carry it. this person might benefit from practicing self care, setting realistic goals and boundaries, seeking support from loved ones or a mental health professional, and finding
jacobson's progressive muscle relaxation video hello i've made a little relaxation video, which might help you to find a little calm in the midst of chaos. it's actually based on jacobson's progressive muscle relaxation pmr which is a scientifically based and easy to learn deep relaxation technique. in the video we will briefly tense one muscle group after another, followed by a relaxation phase. the interaction between physical and mental tension and thus relaxation is the focus and should help you find the relaxation you are looking for. i hope it helps you all the best progressive muscle relaxation https www.youtube.com watch?v g7ocxclxprc
their world has just crumbled before their very eyes. they are overwhelmed by events and life is leaving them breathless. their thoughts are a tumultuous wave of uncertainty and turmoil that can't be tamed. they feel lost and disconnected from their once stable life. here's a thought they might have i thought i had everything under control, but now it seems like the universe has decided to test my limits. the weight of the world feels heavier than any burden i've ever carried before. my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and fear, leaving me unable to focus on anything other than the immediate crisis at hand. i'm stuck in a cycle of chaos, and it
stress is a relentless storm cloud that hangs overhead, dimming the sun and casting an ever present shadow. it weighs heavily on my heart, clouding my thoughts and tainting my every experience with a lingering taste of sour disappointment. the incessant clamor of worry and fear drowns out the gentle whispers of hope and joy, leaving me stranded in a sea of doubt and uncertainty. the constant pressure to perform and achieve feels like an impossible burden, a crushing blow to my spirit that threatens to tear me apart. and even when moments of peace and tranquility threaten to break through, the gnawing fear of an impending crisis looms, casting
imagine being surrounded by a thick fog day after day, not knowing which direction to turn. your heart and mind race with each gust of wind, fearing the unknown ahead. the constant pressure to succeed and perform burdens your shoulders, leaving you drained, unfulfilled, and longing for a moment of clarity and tranquility. in the whirlwind of obligations, the weight of expectations, and the pressure to excel, it's all too easy to lose sight of the present, to feel disconnected from the world around us. our senses dulled, emotions raw, we are left feeling helpless and lost in the midst of it all. the emotional toll of constant stress can be all
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. with projects piling up and deadlines looming, i feel like i'm barely keeping my head above water. my to do list seems never ending, and my mind is constantly racing. i've barely slept the past few nights, and my body is starting to feel the strain. i'm trying to stay focused and productive, but it's becoming increasingly difficult. i just wish i could catch a break and get a handle on things before i reach my breaking point.
inner monologue the pressure is building, the weight of the world on my shoulders, and time is slipping through my fingers like sand. the clock on the wall mocks me, another minute stolen, another minute closer to the impending deadline. the phone rings endlessly in the background, a constant reminder of the mountain of demands that hangs over me. my heart races, each beat a thunderous drum, and my breath hitches, the air tightening in my chest. i can barely think straight, the fog in my mind growing thicker with each passing second. my fingers tremble as i type out yet another email, a template of apologies and explanations for the umpteenth
constant stress can feel like a heavyweight anchor, dragging us under the surface, suffocating us. it's a relentless, burdensome companion that we can't escape, always present, always demanding. the emotional toll of stress is like a constant dripping faucet, slowly wearing us down, eroding our mental and physical fortitude. every day is a battle, a survival mission to stay afloat and keep moving forward, leaving us feeling drained, depleted, and longing for a break from the endless cycle. in this unforgiving environment, hope and resilience become rare commodities, valuable treasures that remind us of the strength that lies within us, giving
grad school isn t really the easiest place to parent alone. assistantships don t pay you enough to live off of by yourself mine nets me a little less than 800 a month, rent is 750 , let alone with a tiny human that needs a particular type of education. they also require you commit to 20 hours a week of on campus work. essentially meaning, you can t really hold a full time job anywhere. on top of this, working another part time becomes difficult because work hours have to coincide with the hours your little one is at school, and with 20 hours a week on campus already, that leaves little time to actually work anywhere else during school hours.
my mind is a jumbled mess, constantly in overdrive. i'm barely keeping up with the daily routine, let alone finding the energy for creative pursuits or personal growth. the stress and mental exhaustion leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of obligations and expectations. it's as if my brain is stuck in a rut, unable to generate new thoughts or ideas. i long for the clarity and peace that comes from a clear and focused mind, but it seems an elusive dream in the face of constant demands on my energy and attention. i fear that if i don't find a way to manage my stress and give my mind a rest, i'll lose touch with the deeper parts of
i feel like my mind and body have been pushing through non stop for months, constantly running on autopilot, and i've hit a wall. i can't seem to muster the energy or focus to get through even the simplest tasks, let alone make progress on bigger goals. every day feels like a fight, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going like this. response i understand how you feel, and it's important to recognize that feeling exhausted and struggling with focus are common responses to prolonged stress. your body and mind are sending you a message that it's time to rest and recharge. take some time for yourself today and engage in activities that
they might 1. overreact their reactions to situations might be disproportionate to the actual problem. they might yell, cry, or get extremely emotional about minor issues. 2. withdraw stressed individuals may isolate themselves from others to avoid further stressors or to cope with their feelings. they may stop engaging in activities they once enjoyed or may become irritable with loved ones. 3. anxiety or depression they may express their stress as feelings of anxiety or depression, experiencing sadness, low mood, or fearfulness that may last for extended periods. 4. fatigue people who are stressed might feel drained, exhausted, or lethargic
stress is a feeling of mental or emotional strain, and when someone is overwhelmed by it, they may express their feelings in various ways. some common expressions of stress include 1. emotional outbursts a person may experience strong emotions and display them through crying, anger, or sadness. 2. verbalizations they may have a tough time finding the right words to communicate their feelings and express themselves in ways such as, i can't take this anymore or this is too much for me to handle. 3. physical symptoms stress can present itself through a range of physical symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension, difficulty sleeping, or gastro
5 ways stress impacts the body and what to do about it! it s that time of year already. they ve been selling wrapping paper and toys at costco for 2 months now and the cashier asked if i wanted to pre order my organic turkey the other day. it s the holidays! for the vast majority of us living in the 21st century, the holidays bring added stress to our lives financial expenditures, travel, time with family, office parties. it s just what the doctor ordered. https www.foundhealth.com blog 5 ways stress impacts the body e2 80 a6and what to do about it https www.foundhealth.com blog 5 ways stress impacts the body e2 80 a6and what to do about it
someone who is overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways depending on their personality and coping mechanisms. here are some common ways people might communicate their stress 1. emotionally they may become easily tearful, anxious, agitated, irritable, or angry. they may feel sad, helpless, hopeless, or isolated. their mood can be unstable, and they may have trouble regulating their emotions. 2. physically stress can manifest itself in a range of physical symptoms, including headaches, muscle tension, insomnia, fatigue, loss of appetite, or digestive problems. they might feel weak, wired, or unable to focus. 3. soc
the words and phrases should flow smoothly and naturally as if it were really being thought or said aloud, in first person. the feeling of pressure is overwhelming and the person is struggling to cope. inner monologue sighs deeply another day, another mountain of work to conquer. my mind races at a thousand miles per hour, each to do list item a boulder, each task demand a mountain to climb. i can feel the tension coiling within me, my chest constricting with the weight of it all. each breath short, each moment fractured as the clock ticks relentlessly. the endless stream of emails, the phone calls demanding my attention, the stacking dead
someone who is overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in a number of ways. here are some common expressions of stress and its accompanying emotions emotional outbursts they might yell, cry, laugh, or become angry easily. their emotions might feel heightened, and it's not unusual for people experiencing high levels of stress to feel emotional overwhelm. physical symptoms stress can manifest as physical symptoms such as headaches, stomach aches, sweating, and trembling. they might also feel fatigued, or have insomnia, trouble focusing, and a lack of appetite. restlessness someone experiencing stress might fidget, pace, or find it
i feel like i'm constantly pushing myself, trying to keep up with the world around me. the expectations placed on me are unbearable, and i can't seem to catch a break. my mind is filled with a endless stream of thoughts, keeping me up at night and draining my energy during the day. it's like i'm carrying an invisible weight that's growing heavier with each passing moment. i just wish i could find a way to reset, to take a step back and regain my focus. but with everything demanding my attention, it feels like an impossible dream. the cycle of stress and exhaustion seems endless, leaving me wondering if this is truly how life is meant to be
it's not about giving up or throwing in the towel it's about the importance of taking a break, focusing on self care and taking small steps towards finding peace and balance in the chaos of everyday life. person i feel so drained, both mentally and physically. the constant pressure to perform, to excel, and to be perfect is taking a toll on me. it's easier said than done, but i know i need to take a break, to disconnect and give myself some space. it's not about giving up or throwing in the towel, but rather recognizing the importance of self care and taking small steps towards finding peace and balance in this chaotic life. sometimes, all
our family cat bootsy became very ill and we took her to the vet. we spent what little money we had on diagnostics there and after an ultrasound it was determined she would need surgery immediately or she would likely die. we didn't have the money for surgery but found an organization which would perform the procedure and provide necessary care to help her if we transferred ownership. we gave bootsy up to have a chance of saving her life. after some weeks of care and a surgery, we recently found out bootsy fully recovered, but the organization will not return her to us unless we pay for a portion of the cost of her care, approximately 650.
inner monologue ugh, another early start to another seemingly endless day. the weight of a thousand responsibilities on my shoulders, pressing down with an iron fist. each tick of the clock is another missed opportunity, another failed promise to myself and to those counting on me. the inbox that never ends. emails to reply to, messages to answer, deadlines to meet, and every moment slipping further away, further beyond my grasp. breathe, just breathe. i know i'm not alone in this, but right now, in this moment, it feels like an impossible mountain to climb. i long for that carefree life i once knew the endless summer days of my childhood
living with constant stress can feel like being trapped in a never ending storm. each gust of wind knocks you off your feet, each droplet of rain soaks you to the bone, and yet you are left with the daunting task of standing against the elements with no relief in sight. the mental and emotional toll of this relentless onslaught is debilitating. hope begins to fade, as the energy once harnessed to face each new challenge drains away. the idea that tomorrow could bring peace and serenity is replaced with the fear that the turmoil will never end. every fiber of your being longs for a calm after the storm, but the question remains will tranqu
they are overwhelmed, anxious, and feel they cannot handle it all. their thoughts race, and they struggle to focus on anything for long. include references to physical symptoms, past experiences, and potential coping mechanisms. title cracking under the weight of it all i can't do this. i just can't. the weight of expectations, deadlines, and responsibilities is bearing down on me, crushing every last ounce of energy and peace i've ever known. my mind is a whirlpool, churning with racing thoughts, worrying projections, and impossible plans. the world around me is a blur, an infinite, chaotic expanse, dotted with tasks that stretch out inf
why can't my mind just shut off and give me a break? i'm so tired of thinking and feeling this way. it's like my brain is constantly running a marathon with no end in sight. i long for the peace and stillness that comes with a clear mind, but instead i'm left to grapple with my thoughts and emotions, feeling helpless and drained. why me? i understand the feeling of wanting a break from your thoughts, of longing for stillness and peace in the midst of mental exhaustion. but remember, it's normal for the mind to wandering and have racing thoughts sometimes. the key is to learn how to manage these thoughts instead of letting them consume you
it's important to remember that the following is a work of fiction, meant to depict the emotions and thought patterns of a highly stressed individual, rather than reflecting the actual thoughts or experiences of any particular person. deep, labored breaths as the sun beats mercilessly down through the window blinds, a cacophony of chaotic thoughts swirling like a tempest inside my mind. why am i here? why are we all here? why must we constantly chase the elusive carrot, that fleeting sense of accomplishment, only to have it snatched away by new, more daunting challenges? my heart pounds heavily in my chest, every beat another reminder of
a person overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in several ways, including both emotional and physical symptoms. here are some of the most common expressions of stress emotional expressions 1. anxiety or fear they might seem worried, fearful, or apprehensive. they could display behaviors such as constantly checking emails or phone messages, expressing doubt or uncertainty, or being easily agitated. 2. frustration or irritability they may easily get irritated, become annoyed at seemingly insignificant things, have outbursts, or struggle to control their temper. 3. anger anger could be expressed as outbursts, anger towards ones
this thought could be presented as a quote or a statement in prose that describes the internal turmoil and physical manifestations of stress. the insidious tendrils of stress curl around my being, sinking their roots deep into the fissures of my soul. with each passing day, i find myself grappling with the raw, visceral tension coiled within me. the ceaseless churn of responsibilities, the relentless grind of expectations, and the unending deluge of commitments threaten to obliterate my sense of equilibrium, leaving me an empty husk, a hollow vessel in which lies the heavy burden of unresolved fear and dread. my nerves have grown taut as
i feel like i'm drowning in a never ending sea of responsibility, expectations, and obligations. each day brings new challenges that test my limits, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected. my mind is constantly on overdrive, making it difficult to relax and find solace in simple pleasures. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, and i fear that i won't be able to bear the burden for much longer. i long for a moment of peace and tranquility, a chance to simply breathe and be present in the moment. yet, even as i type these words, i'm already anticipating the next demand on my time and energy. how can i find balance and
i saw a professional for a psych evaluation and though there are no flashbacks or nightmares, i still am placed with the ptsd label. i know this isn t something you just get over i just thought i moved on from my trauma i watched a few episodes of bojack horseman and it s thrown me into an episode of depression idk i m sad, i m mad, i get irritable i have no idea what symptoms and triggers are for me, i just keep going because if i don t i ll stop and fall apart. i m like a piece of glass being held together by masking tape. i would ve rather been told i m a sociopath psychopath or a narcissist due to my severe apathy towards everything.
how do i over come this this probably the worst week i had till date in my life. it all started last thursday i didn't arrive to my job at the right timings because of rains and traffic delays, kept forgetting some jobs and had to work sundays to stay up to date, made a mistake which will cost me around 200usd, stress at its peak, a girl i really like just quit her job to pursue education, i was tested positive for covid and then i got tested again it was luckily negative but i have fever and cough no salary yet because i opted to change my home branch to another and it's not yet completed and i have a shit ton of work again now why me?.
i live alone, make sure my dog gets the exercise he needs, i keep my apartment tidy, i do my laundry, i make sure i m eating good, i work out, and i still hang with friends and such. really, the only time i play video games is after work which is normal ly after 8 30pm or when i m off. even when i m off, i still do chores and such between playing games. even though i m good at getting this stuff done, i still feel like there s this weight on my shoulders that i should do more. even when i cut video games out of the equation which i did for the last week and a half i still don t do more because i m normal ly too tired to do anything else.
i feel like a become a mean monster. and i can t stop or control myself and i feel this immense anxiety throughout my body as if i m being pushed down by negativity and anyone will tell me anything even if it s not even remotely threatening or meaning harm and i completely lash out and respond with mean things and i feel soooo guilty afterwards and i don t want to justify but it s as if the worry anxiety i feel in my head overtakes me and apperantly the only way to express it is through meanness i m seeking therapy guys very soon because i m hurting the ppl around me that i love and it s not fair for them and i feel like a monster for it
it's late and i should be sleeping but i can't get my husband out of my head, he's just such a freaking weirdo. i feel alone in my situation because most abuse involves some level of anger, but for me my suffering was just his way of showing me affection. he would always love to wrestle and tickle torture me, and he wouldn't stop when i was screaming at him to stop i no longer live with him but even today i still get a little flinchy. i lived in fear of being tackled, pinned, and tickled on a routine basis. i resent him for making me feel so small and fearful and at the same time he made me feel like i was crazy, that i was overreacting.
thought my mind feels heavy, like it's filled with too many thoughts and i can't seem to find any peace. the pressures of life are taking a toll on me, and i fear i might crack under the weight. it's exhausting just to exist in this state. maybe a short break, a chance to breathe and disconnect would do me some good. but when will that be? when can i allow myself to pause and relax without feeling guilty or behind? this person is experiencing the mental and emotional challenges of dealing with stress and exhaustion. they are overwhelmed by the thoughts in their mind, feeling the burden of daily life's pressures, and longing for a moment
they might be thinking, i can't keep up with everything, i feel like i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities. i need a break, but i don't know how to ask for help or take time for myself. i fear that if i step back, everything will fall apart and i'll be seen as unreliable or weak. this is a common thought process for individuals dealing with high levels of stress and mental exhaustion. they feel overwhelmed by their responsibilities and may struggle to prioritize self care or delegate tasks to others. the fear of being seen as unreliable or weak holds them back from seeking help or taking a much needed break. it's essential to
constantly dealing with stress can take a heavy toll on one's emotional well being. it can lead to feelings of anxiety, hopelessness, and overwhelming exhaustion. the constant pressure to perform can cause intense frustration and feelings of inadequacy, while the fear of failure or the weight of responsibilities can lead to feelings of helplessness and despair. even simple daily tasks can seem insurmountable, leaving one feeling drained and defeated. the mental and emotional strain of constant stress can leave an individual feeling detached and disconnected from the world around them, ultimately affecting their overall quality of life.
here's mine the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, each burden adding another layer of tension. the gnawing feeling in my chest is never ending, a constant companion that whispers i'm not enough. each day is a battle to simply stay afloat, with little time to breathe or appreciate the beauty in life's small moments. my energy is drained, my focus is fractured, and my spirit feels broken. i long for the release of a deep exhale, to let go of the anxiety and the fear that surrounds me. but with each sunrise comes another day of uncertainty, of pressure to perform and to please. the endless cycle of stress leaves me feeling hollow
followed by at least two actionable stress management strategies that could provide quick relief 1 3 sentences each and a quote or motto to end the response on a positive note. personal reflection i'm feeling overwhelmed with work deadlines, family obligations, and personal goals. the pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being. actionable stress management strategies 1. practice deep breathing exercises for 5 minutes. close your eyes, inhale through your nose for a count of 4, hold for a count of 7, and exhale through your mouth for a count of 8. repeat this cycle several times to calm your mind and body.
some people overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, such as 1. emotionally they might cry, yell, be tearful, withdrawn, or display other signs of intense emotion. they might have trouble sleeping, experience racing thoughts, or struggle to focus. they might express feelings of anxiety, fear, sadness, or irritation. 2. physically they might experience symptoms such as a racing heart, headaches, stomachaches, muscle tension, fatigue, or sexual dysfunction. these symptoms can be caused by the body s stress response. 3. behaviorally they might overeat, drink alcohol excessively, use drugs, engage in self harm,
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in several ways, depending on their personality and coping mechanisms. here are some common ways they might describe their emotions 1. emotionally they might express their feelings with words like anxiety, worry, tension, fear, irritation, frustration, or sadness. they might cry or get tearful, and they may seem sad, anxious, or distressed. 2. physically they might show physical signs of stress, such as a racing heart, tense muscles, headaches, or stomach pain. they might have trouble sleeping, loss of appetite, or constipation. 3. verbal they might complain or grumble a lot,
i live alone, make sure my dog gets the exercise he needs, i keep my apartment tidy, i do my laundry, i make sure i m eating good, i work out, and i still hang with friends and such. really, the only time i play video games is after work which is normally after 8 30pm or when i m off. even when i m off, i still do chores and such between playing games. even though i m good at getting this stuff done, i still feel like there s this weight on my shoulders that i should do more. even when i cut video games out of the equation which i did for the last week and a half i still don t do more because i m normally too tired to do anything else.
how does this internal monologue manifest itself differently from the outside to those who can t perceive the weight bearing down on them? internal monologue another day, another dollar, right? the alarm went off at an ungodly hour and here i am, lying in bed, surrounded by the silence of my empty apartment. i can't seem to muster the energy to get up and face another day filled with endless tasks, deadlines, and demands. my mind is a muddled mess, filled with swirling thoughts and an overwhelming sense of dread. my body feels heavy, tired, and unresponsive. every nerve ending seems raw and vulnerable, leaving me hypersensitive to even
do you experience stress? our personalized trial for stress management will provide eligible participants with a fitbit and guided mindfulness meditation, yoga, and brisk walking for easy in home monitoring and health tracking. this study will last 18 weeks, and participants will have the opportunity to win a weekly lottery pending their adherence to study procedures. to learn more about and check eligibility for this study you can visit our website https www.personalizedhealth.org https www.personalizedhealth.org fatigue stress questions? contact us personalizedtrials northwell.edu mailto personalizedtrials northwell.edu 646 995 8958
in the thicket of constant stress, i feel weighed down, as if every muscle in my body holds the weight of the world's worries. my thoughts spiral, tangling themselves in knots that feel impossible to untangle. anxiety clutches my heart and breaths become shallow and quickened, as if trying to outrun the crushing load on my chest. my spirit aches with weariness and longing for release. in the endless battle against deadlines, expectations, and fears, it's difficult to remember the light and ease that once filled my days. each new crisis feels like a dagger piercing the fragile shell of my serenity, leaving me questioning if this relent
i don t know how to make him leave because he says if i do that he will go and dispute all the charges i ever made on his debit card and say it was fraud and he will have me prosecuted. in the past when we were together i stupidly sent him private photos of myself and he threatens to send them to my church, my parents, and my bosses. he says he will do whatever he can to ruin my life and see that i lose my job and lose the respect of everyone in my life and have legal consequences go using his money which again, he said i could but now he s saying i m lying . i feel like he literally dictates my life. he breaks things in my apartment.
how can i recharge my mind and body without leaving my apartment? 1. self care routine start your day with a morning self care routine to set the tone for the day. this can include activities like journaling, meditation, yoga, or stretching. end your day with a relaxing bath or a calming skincare ritual. make sure to wear comfortable clothing and shoes to promote ease in your environment. 2. physical activity squeeze in a quick workout, like a bodyweight exercise circuit, dance party, or pilates session. take short walks around your apartment complex to help increase endorphin production. 3. nutritious meals aim to incorporate healthy
i feel as if i'm constantly running on empty, my mind and body are exhausted from the relentless demands of daily life. each day brings new challenges that i must face, and the weight of the world feels like it's on my shoulders. i yearn for a moment of peace, a break from the endless cycle of responsibilities and expectations. but even in the rare moments of stillness, my mind refuses to rest, filling with worry, doubt, and anxiety. i fear i may never truly find relief from the storm that rages within, and it feels as if i'm drowning in my own thoughts. yet, i continue to push forward, desperate for a glimpse of happiness and fulfill
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways, both verbally and non verbally. they might find it difficult to communicate effectively due to their emotions and may exhibit signs such as 1. increased heart rate or rapid breathing this is an automatic physical response to stress that can make someone feel anxious or agitated. 2. upset stomach, constipation or diarrhea stress can affect the digestive system, causing discomfort or even pain. 3. fatigue, low energy or feeling drained prolonged stress can take a toll on the body, leaving someone feeling exhausted. 4. insomnia or disturbed sleep stress can inter
the person, let's call him john, has recently taken on a new project at work that is proving to be more challenging than he anticipated. john's heart pounded in his chest as he stared at the clock on the wall. four o'clock. only a few hours left before he could go home and escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure that had ensnared him since he'd taken on this new project at work. the project was supposed to be a piece of cake, a welcome distraction from the daily grind of managing his team and handling client requests. but it had turned into a nightmare. the deadlines loomed larger with each passing minute, and the mounting
1. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities and commitments, with no escape in sight. each day seems to bring new demands and expectations, leaving me feeling drained and depleted. it's hard to focus on anything, let alone find joy or satisfaction in life. all i want is a moment of peace, to catch my breath and regain my energy. 2. sometimes i wonder if i'm living my life in reverse constantly putting out fires and reacting to crises, instead of setting goals and working towards them. the weight of all the responsibilities and expectations can feel overwhelming, and i find myself feeling stuck, unable to move forward. it
i.e. stress is like a heavy weight that drags us down, making it hard to breathe or focus. instead of lifting, it pushes us further, leaving us exhausted. imagine the relentless pull of stress, the mental and emotional fatigue it brings, and the impact it has on our physical health and overall wellbeing. in time, constant stress erodes resilience, leaving us feeling helpless and disconnected from ourselves and others. in the end, it wears us down, drains our vitality, and leaves us searching for a way to reclaim our strength. just as a heavy burden needs space to be lifted, we too need time to rest and refuel, away from the incessant
the person may be dealing with deadlines, difficult coworkers, or personal struggles. use sensory details to help convey the sense of urgency and the weight of the person's emotions. as the sun begins to sink below the horizon, i can feel the weight of the world pressing down on my shoulders. my heart beats wildly in my chest, each beat pounding against my ribcage like a sledgehammer. my breath comes in ragged gasps, my muscles tighten with every intake, and my vision tunnels, focusing on nothing but the blinking cursor on my computer screen. i stare at the document before me, the glaring white screen a stark reminder of the mountain
how to deal with previous stressed situations? i have been down with stress since mid november, and i have started up working again part time from mid december. i now have to travel by plane for work, which previously triggered my stress, because of all the people, noise and business of the airport and transportation. it took me a week to get over all the stimuli of the last travel day. i now have to travel in late february, and my mind can't stop thinking about it, and i am afraid that i will use another week to get over it again. so how do l deal with a previous trigger? travelling is part of my job, and i want to overcome the fear
person why does it feel like my brain is a perpetual machine, grinding away at every problem, concern, or worry, never allowing me a moment of rest? the weight of my responsibilities, constant distractions, and the demand for endless productivity wears me down each day. i just want some peace and quiet, to let my thoughts settle, but it seems impossible. and the worse part is, the cycle just keeps repeating, leaving me drained, exhausted, and uncertain if i'll ever be able to break free from this mental strain. generate a comforting response. response i understand how you're feeling, it's a common experience for many people in today
how might this internal monologue influence your emotional state? thought i can't escape this cycle of constant pressure and expectation. my mind feels heavy with the weight of deadlines, responsibilities, and disappointments. the relentless pursuit of perfection, the fear of failure, and the need for validation have left me drained. i long for moments of peace, but they seem elusive. i'm stuck in this vicious loop, and the emotional toll is leaving me feeling small, insignificant, and powerless. my heart aches for respite, yet i wonder if i will ever truly find it. the internal monologue's reflective nature emphasizes the weight of
remember that everyone's experience with stress is unique, and feel free to use first person narrative to express this character's thoughts and emotions. title drowning in deadlines the alarm blared, shattering the fragile calm of my early morning slumber. groggily, i stumbled out of bed, each muscle protesting the jolt back into consciousness. the day lay stretched before me, a daunting terrain of looming deadlines and unquenched obligations. i stepped into the bathroom, the water still warm from the previous night. as the steam enveloped my face, i let out a sigh, my chest tightening in an eerie echo of the anxiety that gripped my
this might include something like i wish i could escape the constant grind of my thoughts and find peace within myself. my mind is like a never ending loop of worries, doubts, and fears. i feel as though i am carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders, and every day seems to bring new challenges that test my limits. i yearn for a moment of tranquility, but my anxiety and exhaustion only seem to grow. i fear that i will never find respite from the mental torment that keeps me awake at night and drains me during the day. i long for inner strength and resilience, but it feels like an insurmountable challenge. i am weary, disheart
my mind feels cluttered and heavy, as if i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. everyday tasks feel insurmountable and my thoughts race a million miles a minute. i yearn for a moment of peace and calm, but my body and mind are both exhausted, making escape feel impossible. i long for the days when i could just let go and enjoy the little things, instead i'm constantly on edge, struggling to find meaning in the chaos. perhaps a thought from someone who is struggling with depression and lacks motivation each day feels the same, a monotonous blur of hours passing without any purpose or meaning. i once found joy in simple
constant stress can feel like an unrelenting tidal wave, each wave pulling us under, making it difficult to breathe, and threatening to drown us. the emotional toll is exhausting it's a heaviness in the chest, a constant knot in the stomach, an inescapable sense of worry or anxiety that hangs over us like a dark cloud, blocking out the sun and casting a shadow over our lives. every moment is a battle, every decision is a struggle, and even the simplest tasks become daunting mountain to climb. it can leave us feeling overwhelmed, helpless, and isolated, as if we're trapped in a never ending cycle of stress with no way out. the weight
they are having trouble prioritizing tasks and staying focused due to an overwhelming sense of pressure. sigh how did i get myself into this mess? every task on my desk feels like a mountain, each deadline a ticking time bomb. i need to send this report to the team lead by 5 pm, but there's a client meeting at 3 pm that i must attend, and i'm supposed to write an email update for my director by noon. which one do i prioritize first? my mind races with thoughts what if i prioritize the report and miss an essential detail that leads to negative consequences? what if i attend the meeting but come across as unprepared and undervalue the
my mind is constantly racing, my body aches, and my energy is drained. the weight of the world feels like it's sitting on my shoulders, and every task feels like a mountain to climb. i can't seem to find a moment's peace, let alone a solution to the endless chaos. how can i keep going when all i want to do is give in? from a holistic perspective, it is essential to prioritize self care and seek professional support when needed. regular exercise, a balanced diet, sufficient sleep, and stress reducing activities such as meditation, journaling, or hobbies can make a significant difference. it may also be helpful to simplify daily rout
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in several ways, depending on their personality and comfort level with opening up to others. here are a few common ways they might communicate their stress 1. emotionally they might burst into tears, have mood swings, express feelings of anxiety, frustration, or anger, or show signs of emotional instability. they might use phrases like, i can't handle this, or this is too much. 2. physically they might have aches and pains in their body, headaches, loss of appetite, or digestive problems. they might complain of being overly tired or fatigued, or having trouble sleeping. 3
try to give the reader a clear sense of what's causing the stress and how it's affecting them emotionally and physically. amidst the endless hum of the cubicles, my thoughts swirled like a maelstrom of uncertainty and dread. each tick of the clock felt like a punishing gong, another minute stolen from the fragile reprieve of my precious lunch break. the crushing weight of a thousand looming deadlines bore down upon me, each one more urgent and demanding than the last. i clenched the edges of my desk, my knuckles white and cold from the unrelenting pressure. my breathing shallow and erratic, the familiar ache spreading from my solar
i can t keep going like this, my mind and body are in turmoil, every little thing is overwhelming me, i need a break from it all before i break down completely. 1. a quiet refuge seeking solace in a peaceful environment may help alleviate stress and provide mental respite. you could suggest finding a calm and quiet space, maybe near a body of water or a lush green garden, and just being still, observing nature, and allowing oneself to be fully present in the moment. meditation, reading, or listening to calming music might also be helpful. 2. set achievable goals stress can often result from feeling overwhelmed with too many demands
i.e. 'sometimes i feel as though i can't keep going, the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i can't seem to shake this feeling of burnout.' or 'the endless stream of demands and expectations can be overwhelming. some days i wonder if i am truly capable of managing it all.' quote it feels like an uphill battle every day, trying to juggle work, personal responsibilities, and maintaining my emotional wellbeing. i long for a moment's peace, a chance to just breathe and rest without guilt. but the to do list never ends and the constant pressure to perform can leave me feeling emotionally and physically drained. 'i understand the
now i'm terrified of starting this new job because even if it's better than my old one, i'm scared i'll lose all the progress i've made. when i'm overwhelmed i tend to just sleep and everything else falls to the wayside. i feel like i can't stay with part time work because all my friends and family expect me to get back to full time work asap, and feel like i'm not moving forward in my career otherwise. everyone keeps telling me to just give it a chance, it'll all work out, but i'm not sure what to do think. advice on what to do about work and how to calm down enough to sleep tonight and how best to manage everything going forward?
stress is a relentless tide that relentlessly erodes the mental fortress we try to construct around ourselves. it inexorably eats away at our energy, our focus, our drive, and even our most fundamental emotional core, gradually leaving us hollowed out, worn down, and battered from the inside out. with each passing moment, the pressure to perform, to excel, and to constantly exceed the bar of our own expectations takes a small, insidious toll on our emotional well being, until we're left reeling from the aftershocks of a life lived in a state of perpetual crisis. each breath becomes a battle for air, each thought a herculean effort,
the use of strong verbs and emotional language is encouraged. the weight of the world was settling on my shoulders, each bead of sweat glistening in the artificial glow of the fluorescent bulbs above. the ticking clock seemed to mock me, taunting me with every second that slipped away, stolen by the seemingly endless list of tasks that beckoned for my attention. a cacophony of voices clamored for my attention, their demands piercing my ears, their urgency a palpable thrum that reverberated through every nerve. every muscle in my body tensed, muscles that had long since surrendered to the constant stress i had subjected them to. my
who do i talk to at this point, the command equal opportunity officer e 7 who basically says she will look into it but doesn't seem concerned. there is a stigma about asking for help in the navy and it needs to change. basically, if you take any meds you get treated like a black sheep. if you go to medical and they give you meds, you get removed from your duties and everyone else carries your load while you are forced to stand around them not allowed to do anything. if you do get out of the navy because you spoke out about being depressed, anxious, or having symptoms of ptsd then you would be seperated from the navy and sent home.
you wake up one morning, groggily rubbing your eyes, already feeling a dull headache and a sense of dread hanging heavy over you. your hands seem to move sluggishly as you reach for your phone to check the myriad of notifications awaiting you. each one sends your anxiety skyrocketing as deadlines loom, messages pile up and unending demands on your time and energy threaten to swallow you whole. your heart races as the realization sinks in you are once again trapped in a relentless maelstrom of stress, and you're unsure how you'll find the strength to weather the storm. it's a familiar sensation, one that leaves you feeling trapped,
consider addressing themes common to the work life balance discussion, such as long hours, inability to say no, poor prioritization, family demands, and ineffective coping mechanisms. despite the unyielding mountain of tasks and deadlines, my mind is fogged by exhaustion, making it nearly impossible to focus on even the simplest of projects. i struggle to differentiate the crucial from the insignificant, fearing the consequences of dropping balls within both my professional and personal spheres. the insatiable desire to appease others often leads to overcommitting, extinguishing any prospect of respite amidst the engulfing chaos.
the relentless onslaught of responsibilities, each a mountain unto itself, crashes down upon my shoulders, a burden too heavy to bear. the weight threatens to suffocate me, as the hours pass and deadlines inch closer. fear and anxiety grip me, their cold hands tightening with each new challenge. the world becomes a monochrome canvas of obligations, leaving little room for moments of joy or peace. exhausted, i am but a shell of myself, unable to escape the emotional cyclone that is my constant stress. every second a battle, every moment a hurdle. is this all there is to life, or is there a chance for reprieve, a brief respite from
how to handle stress amp its effects on the body stress is a normal part of life and it s important to find ways to manage it. we hope you have found this article helpful in providing some strategies for handling stress more effectively. whether it be through mindfulness, physical activity, or simply setting time aside each day to relax, there are many ways we can practice self care in order to handle our stress better. try out different techniques and see what works best for you! https reversetohealthylife.com how to handle stress its effects on the body https reversetohealthylife.com how to handle stress its effects on the body
what are some ways in which they can manage and cope with stress effectively? someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, including 1. emotionally they might cry, express irritation, or appear sad or anxious. they could also show signs of frustration, agitation, or anxiety, such as pacing, fidgeting, or restlessness. 2. physically stress can manifest itself in various physical symptoms, including headaches, muscle tension or pain, fatigue, insomnia, frequent colds or infections, and digestive problems. 3. cognitively stress can affect our thinking, leading to feelings of being overwhelmed, forget
this thought could reflect their inner monologue or a realization that comes from experiencing that state. one sweltering afternoon, amidst the ceaseless hum of construction cranes and car horns, my senses grow weary from the onslaught of sounds, sights, and sensations that constantly assault me. i can feel the weight of the day pressing upon me, my spirit sagging under the burden of expectations. i am a mere mortal in a world of insatiable machinery, where every minute is a commodity to be bought, sold, and traded. as i watch yet another sunset wither away, swallowed up by darkness, i wonder have i become a puppet to the relent
this could include pressure to meet deadlines, work life balance struggles, personal issues affecting performance, burnout or an all consuming task that seems unfinishable. inner monologue sighs deeply, leans back in chair how did i get here? another email. another project demand, another deadline. i need a moment, just a moment to breathe, to regroup. but no, there's always another crisis, always another demand. i thought i could handle it all the demanding job, the personal obligations, the constant stress. i used to feel alive under pressure. now i just feel... tired, overwhelmed. the hours blend together as i sit at my desk,
i'm drowning in a sea of deadlines, papers, and responsibilities. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, threatening to crush me at any moment. my heart races, my thoughts chaotic, and my breaths shallow. each task appears monumental, and i question my abilities to tackle even the most simple of them. time presses, the hourglass of my life relentlessly ticking. the future is full of uncertainty and looming responsibilities, a future that hinges on my every decision, every action and reaction. fear tightens my grip, clenching my jaw, my muscles, my being, all my energy siphoned towards preventing failure. an inner
my mind is constantly in overdrive, never resting or allowing me the peace i so desperately crave. the endless demands of work and daily life have left me drained, struggling to find the energy and focus to even function at a basic level. every day feels like a battle against an enemy i can't see, but one that looms over me, threatening to consume me completely. i long for the tranquility and clarity that seems to elude me, hoping that someday soon i'll be able to take a deep breath and let go of the constant weight on my shoulders. but for now, all i can do is cling to the fragile hope that tomorrow may bring a respite from the
consider the various thoughts and emotions they might experience during this time, as well as their potential reactions. deep, heavy sigh as i lean back in my desk chair, feeling the weight of the world pressing down on me. my heart beats faster in my chest as my mind begins to spin with a dizzying array of thoughts and emotions. oh no, not again. i can't believe this is happening once more. i thought i'd learned my lesson the last time, but here i am, feeling just as trapped and suffocated as before. the never ending to do list in my head grows longer by the minute, and each item seems more daunting than the last. my stomach ch
it's late at night, and they are laying in bed. they've done it all meditated, exercised, practiced mindfulness, even reached out to friends. but no matter how much they try to relax or think positively, their mind won't calm down, leaving them feeling overwhelmed and powerless to the endless stream of thoughts and emotions racing through their head. what if i'm simply not made for this world? what if, despite all my efforts, i'm never going to be able to handle the pressures and demands of life? i wonder if i'll ever find peace and true happiness. is it even possible for a person like me to ever experience a moment of rest, let
perhaps as a result i feel awful about wanting more from him, i feel like it's incredibly ungrateful of me because he does do so much good for me and is really good to me in so many ways. especially with my depression and stuff he deals with a lot of household stuff in addition to working way more than i do. i feel like shit for writing this post. tl dr so of over a decade is great to me in many ways and shit to me in other ways, i feel awful when he's shit to me but also feel guilty as fuck about expressing it because of all the times he's amazing to me. wondering if this is emotional abuse and if it is, what can i do about it?
no wonder i get scolded for bad grades, called a lazy, worthless piece of fuck because i am too lazy or too stupid to care about exams and my future, but in reality, i deeply care too much as if i feel like the whole fucking world of 7 billion people, and millions or billions of other organisms are on my shoulders ... and all i can do is to shut down entirely. i shut down by brain, my thoughts, my emotions, everything because i cannot take all the anxiety. all the pressure. all the fear and terror. sometimes i feel as depressed as if i am a lonely guy in a post apocalyptic setting where everyone is either dead or absent or gone.
i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and commitments, every day is a race against the clock and i'm constantly playing catch up. the constant pressure to perform and exceed expectations is wearing me down, i fear i'll never be able to catch a break and find some peace and inner calm. reflect on this thought and respond with an empowering message i'm here to remind you that it's okay to feel overwhelmed and exhausted. you are carrying a heavy burden and it's important to acknowledge the weight of it. but know that you are strong enough to bear it, and with the right tools and support, you can learn to manage and prior
what are some potential physical symptoms they may experience, and how can friends or family help them manage their stress? when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they may express their feelings in various ways. emotionally, they might display signs of anxiety, irritability, mood swings, or depression. they may also complain of fatigue, insomnia, or a lack of motivation. physically, stress can manifest itself in several ways, including 1. headaches stress can cause tension headaches or migraines. 2. muscle tension and pain tight neck and shoulder muscles, back pain, or muscle spasms can all be a result of stress. 3. gastroint
the person might say, i feel like i'm just going through the motions, but i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to really live and enjoy life. every day just blends into the next, and i'm tired of feeling this way. that's a common feeling for many people, especially in our fast paced world with high demands and constant distractions. the person might benefit from exploring some self care practices to help recharge their energy and mental clarity. here are a few suggestions 1. get enough sleep make sure you're getting at least 7 hours of quality sleep each night. this can help improve your mood, focus, and overall energy
person every day feels like an endless battle, i'm weary, emotionally drained, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going. the overwhelming obligations i carry are a constant weight upon my shoulders. each task requires more energy than the one before, yet i am met with a seemingly endless pile. it feels like i'm treading water, desperately trying to keep afloat but drowning just the same. it's a never ending struggle to find balance and escape the mental chaos. thought it's a painful reality to acknowledge that life's challenges can exhaust us beyond our physical and emotional capacity. we yearn for relief, for serenity
person ugh, another day of juggling work, family, and personal responsibilities. i can't keep up. my mind is a tangled mess, and i feel drained emotionally and physically. sometimes i wish i could hit the pause button on life and just rest for a bit. it's normal to feel overwhelmed and exhausted from time to time, especially when we have multiple roles and responsibilities to manage. when this feeling becomes chronic, it can take a toll on our mental and physical health, making it important to find ways to cope and prioritize self care. some things that may help include taking time for yourself each day, even if it's just a few
in the relentless grip of stress, emotions fray and nerves tangle like moth eaten fabric, threads of patience and resilience unraveled, leaving the soul raw and exposed. each day begins as a precarious balancing act, the promise of productivity teetering precariously upon an emotional tightrope. beneath the veneer of strength and determination, feelings of sadness, fear, and exhaustion loom like storm clouds threatening to unleash an unyielding torrent of emotion. as the weight of responsibility and unmet demands bear down upon us, even the simplest tasks may feel insurmountable, each choice a heavy burden and every decision an
remember that each person experiences stress differently, but here's an attempt to convey the heavy burden that stress can put on a person's mental and emotional well being the constant pressure, the relentless weight on my shoulders, as if a boulder were crushing me. my heart races, my mind reels, and i'm unable to think clearly. the exhaustion gnaws at my very core, leaving me weak and unable to function effectively. i can't help but feel trapped, like a leaf in the relentless current of a turbulent river, helplessly swept along with no end in sight. the emotions of fear, anxiety, and despair build like a crescendo within me
stress, like a relentless tide, constantly ebbing and flowing but never truly leaving, leaving me adrift in a sea of endless anxiety. each wave threatening to swallow me whole, robbing me of the energy, joy, and peace that once filled my days. my heart beats in rhythm with the endless cycle, a prisoner to the ever looming pressure, as each new challenge uncovers fresh fissures in my soul. the ache in my chest grows deeper with each passing moment, the hollow spaces filling the quiet corners of my thoughts and drowning out any semblance of inner peace. i feel as though i am drowning in a vast, endless ocean, caught in an unforg
thought i can't keep going like this, the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i feel drained, both physically and mentally. i need a break, a time out to recharge and focus on myself before i completely burn out. i wonder if taking some time off, away from the hustle and bustle, would make a difference in my mental and emotional state. i worry about the consequences of disappearing, even for a short while, but i cannot ignore the constant pressure i am feeling, it's consuming me. i hope that by prioritizing my own wellbeing, i can come back refreshed and better equipped to handle the challenges of life. yet, the fear of
stress, a silent and relentless adversary. its hold on us, an unyielding grasp that threatens to consume us from the inside. a heavy burden that weighs upon our very souls, gnawing away at our resolve. its persistent presence in our lives, a constant reminder of the demands that relentlessly march forward, pushing us ever onward. exhaustion, the unfortunate companion that tags along, a shadow in the corner of our minds, a cloud that hovers overhead, casting doubt upon the ability to continue. sleep eludes us, sustenance feels like a chore, our hearts race as if a thousand pound hammer pounds at our temples. we are but battered
consider elements such as time pressure, conflicting responsibilities, interpersonal challenges, or fear of failure or rejection. title drowning in the storm of deadlines my heart races with every passing second. the clock seems to mock me, its hands moving incessantly, reminding me of the ticking time that mercilessly pushes me to complete the seemingly insurmountable tasks that lie before me. i am a prisoner in this mental asylum of self inflicted stress, where the relentless grind of deadlines crushes my sanity. i scan the countless projects scattered across my virtual desktop the red flags are glaring at me, accusing me of
they can share an experience, what s on their mind, how they're coping, and what help they might need. i've been feeling so overwhelmed these past few weeks, like there's a never ending pile of work and obligations piling up. i can barely keep my head above water. the thoughts in my mind never seem to quiet down, and my energy levels are constantly drained. every morning i wake up feeling like i'm starting all over again, and every evening i collapse in exhaustion. sometimes i just wish i could escape from it all, even if just for a little while. i'm trying to take small steps to cope, like setting boundaries, asking for help,
the person might express their feelings of stress in various ways, such as 1. emotionally they may become irritable, anxious, sad, or depressed. they might feel constantly worried or fearful, and may experience crying spells or mood swings. 2. physically the stress may manifest in symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension, chest pain, rapid heartbeat, fatigue, or sleep disturbances. 3. behaviorally the person may withdraw from social interactions, lose interest in activities they once enjoyed, or engage in harmful behaviors such as substance abuse, overeating, or insomnia. 4. cognitively the person might have racing thoughts,
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in a variety of ways, such as 1. emotional outbursts they might cry, yell, or experience mood swings, expressing frustration, sadness, or fear. 2. physical symptoms they may experience headaches, stomach problems, muscle tension, sleep disturbances, or other physical symptoms as a result of prolonged stress. 3. social withdrawal they may choose to isolate themselves from others, feeling too drained or preoccupied to engage in social activities. 4. fatigue or lethargy they may lack energy, feeling tired or drained despite getting enough rest. 5. irritability they may
i am currently only using 5 htp once a week, i get no benefit when i use it daily. i have also been working out which has inevitably eased my depression and made my anxiety more tolerable but its still obviously taking hold of my life. well here i am at this present moment, i have been contemplating having a sit down with my parents and telling them about my depression pretty sure they already know, they just don't want to adress it . it had been hard, my parents come home at 9 00 pm and don't want to be bothered with me. they go straight to their rooms and the only time they are willing to talk is when they tell me to clean.
how might this impact long term health? one thought could be the weight of constant stress bears down on me like an endless boulder in my chest. each day, it grinds me down, leaving little energy or will to push forward. my body is a tapestry of aches and pains, and my mind an ocean of anxiety, worry, and fear. over time, this relentless strain may weaken my immune system, damage my heart, and disrupt the delicate balance of my hormones, ultimately leading to serious health problems such as heart disease, diabetes, or depression. i yearn for the day when my spirit is once again free to breathe, my thoughts clear and tranquil,
how might someone who has experienced trauma express their feelings? someone who is overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings through various verbal and nonverbal cues. they may use language that suggests feeling anxious, pressured, or overwhelmed. for instance, they might say things like i feel like i'm drowning, i can't handle this, or i feel like i'm going to explode. they may also exhibit nonverbal signs of stress, such as clenched jaws or fists, tight shoulders, or racing heartbeat. their voice might be shaky or tense, and their body language may convey a sense of tension or unease. someone who has experienced
you might want to touch upon ideas such as 1. how stress affects the body and mind, 2. the challenges of managing stress, 3. the potential consequences of prolonged stress, and 4. the importance of self care and seeking support. living under the constant weight of stress can be an unyielding and taxing experience. it is a daily struggle that impacts both the body and mind, leaving a lasting imprint on one's emotional well being. stress knots our muscles, tightens our hearts, and clouds our minds. it leaves us feeling exhausted, on edge, and always one step behind. the challenges of managing stress are daunting. with deadlines
someone who is overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, including both verbally and non verbally. here are some common expressions of feelings associated with stress 1. verbally they might use words like anxious, frustrated, angry, worried, or distressed. they may speak in a rapid or agitated tone, and they might repeat their thoughts or concerns multiple times. 2. physically stress can manifest in physical symptoms like a rapid heartbeat, sweating, muscle tension, shaking, or difficulty breathing. a stressed person may also display signs of irritability, like fidgeting, grinding their teeth, or w
one possible thought could be the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, each passing second adding to the burden that feels unbearable. another thought could be i'm a bubble about to burst, with all the pressures of life threatening to burst through me, leaving me shattered and broken. or how about the relentless onslaught of stress feels like a toxic river coursing through me, eroding my strength, my peace, and my hope. these are just a few examples, but ultimately the thought depends on how deeply you want to explore the emotional impact of stress. the idea is to create a sense of heaviness, weariness, and overwhelming
i apologize if this is the wrong subreddit for this topic but i'm at my wit's end... i've been homeless since february and i'm now trying to find my own apartment and start living independently for the first time but i need some advice...i've been couch hopping here there for a while and i'm staying with a relative who's been helping me but i'm on a limited time frame and i feel like i may not get anything in time...i applied for an apartment but was rejected due to past apartment debts. what can i do t get approved, and do i have a shot at public assistance? i have aspergers and i don't make a lot of money at my current job.
person i feel so drained, both mentally and physically. i've been dealing with constant stress and pressure at work, coupled with personal problems that seem never ending. i find myself constantly thinking about all the things i need to do, the deadlines i have to meet, and the responsibilities i carry. it's exhausting, both in energy and emotions. i yearn for some relief, some peace, and some calmness in my mind and heart. but it seems like a distant dream, as i feel trapped in this endless cycle of stress and overwhelm. it's taking a toll on me, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this. i just wish there
inner monologue the clock on the wall seems to have come to a standstill, mocking my every move, each tick a reminder of the fleeting seconds slipping through my grasp. the paperweight in my hand feels heavier with every passing moment, my mind raced in a whirlwind of chaos. thoughts and doubts that once lingered in the corners of my subconscious have taken center stage, screaming for attention. the phone in my pocket rings, interrupting my inner demons, threatening to plunge me into an abyss of stress and anxiety. i take a deep breath, my body clenching in preparation for the conversation to come. each tick, each ring, each
thought i can't keep going like this, the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i can't seem to find a way to lighten the load. every day feels like a battle and i'm starting to lose hope that things will ever get better. the constant pressure to perform and the expectations placed upon me are crushing me. i wish i could just find some peace and tranquility, even if it's just for a moment. but i'm not sure how to make that happen. i feel trapped and alone, unable to escape the cyclical nature of my thought process. how do people find the strength to push through and keep going when they feel this lost and broken? i wish
person i can't take this anymore. my mind and body are exhausted from constant worry and overwhelming responsibilities. it feels like i'm stuck in a never ending cycle, and i'm running out of energy to keep going. i wish there was a way to escape from all of this and just relax, but i know i can't avoid my responsibilities forever. i just need a break, a chance to recharge and refocus before i completely collapse. maybe a retreat or a vacation, somewhere peaceful and calming where i can clear my mind and rejuvenate my spirit. but how can i afford that right now? how can i just escape from the pressures and demands of my life
quote my mind has become a never ending racecourse, relentless and exhausting. the thoughts crowd together like too many horses jostling for position at the finish line. the weight of it all is an almost unbearable burden upon my shoulders. sometimes i yearn for a brief respite, just enough space to catch my breath, to clear my head. but even then, the anxiety remains, always lurking, just out of sight. i fear that if i do not find a way to ease this mental burden, i may succumb to its crushing force. s.t.l. this passage beautifully articulates the feeling of mental exhaustion and stress. the struggle of an overwhelming mind
how would you illustrate it through art or other mediums? thought the weight of constant stress wears us down like an eternal rain that erodes the foundations of our being. it chips away at our energy, happiness, and even our health until all that remains is a hollow shell, numb to the world around us. illustration a tree standing alone in a rainstorm with its branches stretched out in agony. the continuous downpour wears away the bark, revealing bare, infected sections. fungi grow where the tree's strength once held firm, and insects feast on the dead tissue. the once strong and vibrant tree has been eroded into a mere hus
stress is an uninvited companion that creeps into our lives, gradually wearing us down. the constant hum of responsibilities, commitments, and expectations can be likened to the relentless beating of a drum, drowning out the peace and tranquility of our inner selves. each beat pierces through the fabric of our minds, fraying the edges of our nerves and eroding our resilience. despite its seemingly never ending presence, stress is an intangible force that cannot be grasped or held accountable for the turmoil it leaves in its wake. anxiety takes root, growing stronger with each passing day. worries multiply like rabbits, nest
inner monologue the weight of the world seemed to rest on my shoulders. my heart raced as i stared at the endless pile of papers on my desk, each one demanding attention and urgency. every muscle in my body was tight, from my clenched jaw to the knots in my neck. time slipped through my fingers, each second slipping away like sand, carrying with it my chances to get everything done. breathe, i reminded myself, in through the nose and out through the mouth. this wasn t new, this sensation of overwhelming pressure. but that didn t make it any easier. each missed deadline, each new problem added to the fire within me. i couldn
my mind is a labyrinth of worry and anxiety, a maze i'm lost in with no clear escape. the relentless pressure and demand for perfection wears me down to the core, leaving me empty and devoid of energy. the exhaustion that follows is a heavy, overwhelming weight that crushes my spirit and robs me of joy. every day is a struggle to keep up with my obligations and responsibilities, to maintain a semblance of balance and control in the chaos that surrounds me. it feels as though i'm drowning, suffocating under the weight of my thoughts and the expectations i've placed upon myself. and yet, amidst the darkness and despair, there
making decisions makes me extremely anxious and stressed basically, what the title says... i 28f get extremely anxious, restless and stressed whenever i have to make any type of decision. lately, i've had to make a lot of decisions about buying furniture, and i've been thinking about the color palet for more than a year, i've downloaded more that 4000 photos of rooms that i like, of furniture that i like, but i always end up second guessing my choices... i want the best of both worlds and i know i can't have it all at once. i want a dark moody room but at the same time i want a light and airy room. can anyone understand me?
hello. i am a thirty six year old man, and i became aware that the experiences i had, my behavior, and the expression of my feelings, may be bpd nine months ago, when i had my first suicide attempt. i had not read anything about it prior, and had entirely avoided any medical or mental health people. after the suicide attempt, which over nine years, head been preceded by the traumatic end of a highly dysfunctional five year relationship, followed by a severe four year alcohol problem. after getting out of the psych ward after ten days, which i hadn't been in since an ideation incendent at seventeen, i determined to get help.
i actually do have access to some money where i believe i could pay off at least some of what i owe but i honestly don t even know where i can get a number for the debts that i owe. i am afraid to even begin for several reasons. 1 i am worried i might actually be in legal trouble over this, 2 i am afraid of seeking help from someone who isn t understanding of my situation and will just be totally horrified about what a mess it is and they will be mean to me. are there any counseling resources available to me? i am not looking for a handout i just need help being walked through the steps of what i need to do to resolve this.
inner monologue deep sigh the day started off as another one of those mundane, predictable ones. but then the unexpected happened again. the pile of emails, memos, and project deadlines kept growing, the to do list seemingly unending, and now, another crisis has just erupted out of nowhere. i can barely keep up with the constant barrage of demands. each second, each minute, each hour ticking by, carrying me further away from a moment of peace and respite. thoughts race through my mind the deadline that's quickly approaching, the colleagues who need my attention, the kids' school events, the bills to be paid, the endless cho
consider describing thoughts and emotions, physical sensations, and behaviors in a vivid, engaging way to convey the intensity of their experience. every fiber of my being trembles with an unyielding tide of dread and chaos. my mind, a ravenous beast that refuses to be sated, gnaws insatiably at my reason. the world beyond my office door a chaotic storm of urgencies and demands, threatening to engulf me in its ravenous embrace. i struggle to draw steady breaths against the weight that sits heavily upon my chest. heart palpitations reverberate throughout my body, fueled by mounting panic. thoughts race like a marathon runner
person i can't keep going like this. every day feels like an endless struggle just to get through the simplest tasks. my mind is constantly racing, and i feel like i'm barely holding on. i can't take care of myself, let alone those around me. i need a break, but how do i even begin to ask for one when i feel like i'm already failing? thought you're not alone in feeling this way. mental exhaustion and stress are common experiences that many people face. it's important to recognize that taking care of yourself is not a failure, but rather an essential part of being able to effectively care for others and meet your obligations
constant stress can be like a relentless river, flowing steadily and mercilessly through our lives. at first, we may be invigorated, driven even, as we try to navigate its powerful currents. but over time, the toll becomes insidious, eroding our emotional and physical resources. the ripples and waves of worry, anxiety, and fear can leave us feeling adrift, drowning in our thoughts. our hearts beat faster, as if on permanent overdrive, while our muscles grow tight with tension. we ache from the inside out, as emotions that once flowed freely are now locked away behind thick walls of fear and trepidation. sleep evades us, as
heart racing, chest tightening, every breath feels labored. the clock on the wall seems to mockingly tick louder than ever. the endless stream of emails demanding attention clutters my inbox like an unwanted stack of papers on my desk. the phone rings incessantly with calls i cannot afford to ignore. the thoughts swirl in my head faster than i can keep up. deadlines loom, responsibilities pile up, and i feel as though i am drowning in the chaos of modern life. why can't things be simpler? i thought i had this under control. i worked long hours, dedicated myself, proved myself over and over. and now, amidst the seemingly un
1. my mind feels like a endless sea of overwhelming thoughts, every waking moment is a battle between my commitments and my craving for a peaceful respite. i am drowning in the pressure of daily expectations. 2. the weight of the world feels like it rests heavily on my shoulders. i am trapped in this perpetual cycle of responsibilities and self inflicted pressure, each moment adding another burden to bear. 3. every breathe i take is a struggle, the air thick with the demands of living and the expectations i have set for myself. sometimes i wonder if it's worth the effort, if the relief will ever come. 4. in the quiet of my
i ve been trying not to get triggered or stamping on the instincts to just leave the place and be silent. even with that, i couldn t even really keep a hold and have had hard days where i just wanted to stay isolated from the world and disappear in my mind and try to heal myself and it isn t working. i struggle to sleep sometimes and i do struggle with self worth, being comfortable with myself because i just don t see myself as someone who s important to other ppl. i'm really unsure how to deal with it. also, i'm not sure if i should tell anyone because that couldn't have happened right and it could not have been that bad?
followed by 5 sentences where they identify 5 things they can do to help manage stress and anxiety and to restore balance and calm to their life. personal reflection i'm feeling weighed down by a heavy workload, deadlines looming, and constant distractions. my mind and body are in a state of chaos, leaving me feeling anxious and unable to focus. 1. identify and prioritize tasks i will take a few moments to review my to do list, and focus on the most urgent and important tasks. i will break down larger projects into manageable chunks to make progress and alleviate the sense of being overwhelmed. 2. practice self care i will
thought why is it that no matter how many things i cross off my to do list, there always seem to be more tasks piling up? i feel like i'm in a never ending cycle of productivity with no end in sight. maybe i should just take a break and recharge, but the thought of falling behind only adds to my stress. sometimes i wonder if it's all worth it. this thought may be accompanied by feelings of frustration, anxiety, and a sense of being overwhelmed, with a possible underlying sentiment of burnout or even despair. the person might also express a desire for rest and relief, but worry about the potential consequences of doing so.
in this case, the person is feeling the weight of a looming deadline and a mountain of tasks piling up, combined with a sense of responsibility and self doubt. inner monologue exhales deeply, rubs temple another day, another mountain of tasks to conquer. the clock ticks menacingly, each second bringing me closer to the deadline that feels like a brick wall in the distance. i need to focus, but there are distractions everywhere. my inbox is overflowing, my calendar is filled with appointments, and my phone won't stop buzzing. and with each new email or notification, a wave of doubt crashes over me. am i capable of handling
school stress is getting worse hi! i just finished my second term today. i got my marks great, btw. but the school stress has impacted me so badly that even now, when i ve gone into end of the term break, i feel like there is something to be done. there are no homework assignments, no projects, nothing to be done, but still. it got to the point where i stress about non school stuff whether i showered or not, ate or not, read today or not and sometimes, just stress, about literally nothing. maybe i m writing this for validation, but i don t think that s what i need the most. can someone help me control this damn situation.
every day feels like an endless struggle to keep up with the world, the constant pressure to perform and deliver is taking a toll on me. the weight of expectations, both from others and myself, is suffocating and i can't seem to catch a break. i long for peace and respite, but it seems to elude me with each passing day. the cycle of work and worry is all i know, and sometimes i fear that i will never find the release from this mental prison. unknown. inspiration the weight of the world can feel like an immense burden at times, and mental exhaustion can make it difficult to keep up. we all need moments of peace and respite
1. every day feels like an endless cycle of responsibilities and deadlines. it's overwhelming to even consider adding another task or obligation to my plate. i wonder if it's possible to just hit the pause button for a moment and catch my breath before plunging back into the never ending whirlwind of demands. 2. sometimes i feel like my brain is a never ending ticking clock, constantly reminding me of what needs to be done and what i haven't accomplished yet. i long for the peace and quiet that allows me to simply exist in the moment and not constantly dwell on the future or dwelling on past mistakes. 3. the weight of the
why does this always happen to me? another issue pops up that feels like a mountain i can't climb, threatening to bury me beneath its massive, intimidating weight. the deadlines pile up, the emails demand answers, and the phone rings incessantly, each call another fire to put out, a challenge to face. but who am i to even attempt to tackle these problems? i'm just one person, with only 24 hours in a day, struggling to keep my head above water, to make ends meet. how do i find the energy, the motivation, the resources, to conquer yet another battle? how can i muster the strength to continue, when i'm already spread so thin
the relentless march of deadlines, expectations, and the constant pressure to perform leaves me drained, unable to recharge. each day a new mountain to conquer, but i can't help but feel like a hamster in a wheel, moving faster but getting nowhere. when does the noise of a thousand demands subside, and when can i just be? amidst the chaos, i long for stillness, tranquility, and quiet moments to reconnect with myself. this thought resonates with many who struggle with stress, burnout, and the demands of modern life. the challenge is finding ways to create moments of calm and relaxation in the midst of a hectic schedule. it
people who are overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in a variety of ways. some common ways include 1. emotional outbursts they might cry, yell, or lash out at others, unable to contain their feelings. 2. somatic symptoms they might experience physical symptoms like headaches, muscle tension, fatigue, or stomachaches. 3. social withdrawal they might withdraw from social engagements and relationships, preferring to be alone. 4. anxiety or fear they might experience constant worry or fear, about the present or the future. 5. lack of focus they might have difficulty focusing on tasks or making decisions, feeling
i get a text from my brother that was essentially, fuck off and die, nobody wants you here anymore. clearly i need to move out, but the only person i have in my life is my boyfriend, and although we see each other often, we've been long distance for awhile and it would be a huge adjustment to move almost 100 miles away although it would be far enough away from them. although i love him a lot, i don't exactly want the reason that i move in because he's trying to save me. i want to move in because i want to start a new life with him, not to run away from the old if that makes sense. so, i guess my question is, what do i do?
person i feel so drained, both physically and mentally. each day seems to blend into the next, filled with endless tasks, meetings, and demands. it's all becoming too much for me to bear. i fear i am reaching my breaking point and don't know how much longer i can keep going like this. thought you're not alone in feeling this way. many of us are experiencing high levels of stress and mental exhaustion in today's fast paced world. it's important to recognize the signs of burnout and take steps to prioritize self care. consider setting boundaries, delegating tasks, taking time for hobbies or relaxation, seeking support from
i'm so overwhelmed with everything in my life right now. it seems like no matter how hard i try, i just can't keep up. the pressure to perform and meet expectations is taking a toll on me. i feel like i'm constantly running on empty, and the smallest thing can send me over the edge. it's a vicious cycle the more stressed i get, the less productive i become, and the more i feel like i'm failing. i'm tired of feeling this way, but i don't know how to break the cycle and find some peace and clarity. here are some possible responses to provide support and encouragement to someone feeling overwhelmed and mentally exhausted 1.
constant stress wears us down, stripping away our energy and vitality. each day becomes a challenge to keep going, and the accumulation of small stresses piles up, building tension and anxiety. over time, our emotional resources are depleted, and our ability to cope is strained. we feel drained, overwhelmed, and helpless, as if trapped in a relentless cycle of uncertainty and fear. with each passing moment, the weight of stress becomes more burdensome, and our mental and emotional wellbeing deteriorates. we yearn for peace, for a respite from the unending pressure, longing for a return to a sense of calm and equilibrium.
inner monologue deep, troubled sigh god, how am i even supposed to tackle this mountain of work pile up before me? the inbox, the overflowing desktop, the constant interruptions, the deadlines breathing down my neck, the pressure mounting like a relentless, insidious beast, the never ending demands, the impending sense of failure and disappointment threatening to swallow me whole. why can't everyone just leave me alone for a freaking minute to concentrate and finish what needs to be done? the stress, the exhaustion, the constant anxiety gnawing away at my soul, the fear of never catching up, the fear of making a mistake,
i can recall one situation where i was accused of taking her credit card i was 6 years old and before we had computers , the one she left in store, so decided to ransack my bedroom, destroying most of the gifts i got the christmas. this resulted in being given a crumpled, unapologetic five pound note. no sorry, nothing said, just the silence and dark stair. from a young age i was subjected to social seclusion, i was not allowed to hang out with any of the local kids in my town. apparently, they were all bad children and believed i would be influenced by them resulting in becoming, well i am not to sure what she expected.
i get anxious because i am worried about bad things that i think may happen in my life. im worried about losing my job, my girlfriend might leave me for someone more funny, with a better job, that is more self confident etc. you think these things because you perceive yourself to have no value. i get so preoccupied with these worries and it constantly undermines my self esteem that it applies to other areas in your life, even everyday interactions, going to the store, these can be extremely stressful events. you're so unconfident in yourself that you have a million thoughts a second and constantly second guess yourself.
stress, a persistent foe that gnaws away at the foundation of our peace and wellbeing, like the relentless dripping of water from a leaky roof. with each new challenge that arises, the puddles of anxious thoughts multiply, seeping into every corner of our consciousness and corroding the pillars of resilience and hope that once supported us. and as the damage grows, the very essence of our being weakens, like the walls of a once mighty castle succumbing to the erosion of the relentless tide. and with that, our spirit, the very core of our existence, begins to crumble, leaving us questioning whether it is worth the fight,
in the whirlwind of continuous pressure, the mind tumbles within an ever present maze of responsibility and deadlines. the body wears the burden, its clockwork mechanisms grinding day after day to keep time with an increasingly insurmountable load. emotions become tangled like an impenetrable web, numbness, and despair weaving through the mind while sorrow and fatigue grip the heart. anxiety tightens around the throat, its icy tendrils piercing the very core of resilience, leaving only a hollow husk in its wake. each breath an unending plea for relief, but escape remains forever just beyond reach, enslaved to the chains
their thoughts could include feelings of sadness, anxiety, or confusion, as well as thoughts of wanting to escape or disconnect from their current reality. the person might be thinking something like why am i so drained all the time? every day feels like a battle to get through. i can't keep going like this. i just want to curl up in a ball and escape from the world for a while. but even when i try to relax or take time for myself, my mind won't stop racing. it's a never ending cycle of exhaustion and anxiety. i don't know how much longer i can keep pushing myself like this. i wish there was a way to just disconnect and
consider elements like overwhelming tasks, lack of resources or time, feelings of burnout, guilt for not accomplishing enough, and the pressure to perform. ican't believethisis happeningto me again. ishould be able to handle this, but the weight of these responsibilities is crushing me. the emails pile up in my inbox, each one a flashing neon sign of uncompleted tasks, of work left undone. another day, another dozenfires to put out. my schedule is overflowing, an unending stream of appointments, deadlines, and obligations. each demands my attention, but there aren't enough hours in the day. my mind races, attempting to
the idea of constant stress can create a heavy feeling in the chest, as if the weight of the world is pressing down on you. it can make even simple tasks seem insurmountable, leaving you feeling exhausted and depleted. over time, this feeling can wear you down, leading to anxiety, depression, and other health issues. it's important to recognize the signs of stress and take steps to manage it before it becomes unmanageable. take a deep breath and remind yourself that you're not alone in feeling overwhelmed. remember that it's okay to ask for help and prioritize self care to maintain your mental and emotional well being.
i did a few emdr sessions, had great success, but also don't want to go through that again as i became severely depressed in the days following sessions. anyone else sharing this feeling?? like maybe sometimes its better easier to not go to therapy and revisit everything and try to get ahold of it yourself? i definitely do have a skill set learned from my time in therapy that i feel i can rely on right now, but if i get worse i am not sure if just that is enough...though hopeful i will not get worse. would appreciate your feedback whether you also share these feelings, or if you think it is better to return to therapy.
but it seems like i'm also dealing with abandonment issues with my parents which has recently reemerged after coming out as transgender which they don't support. unfortunately, i have lyme disease and live with them because i'm too sick to do anything and they won't support my transition. i get the feeling that if i was healthy and i transitioned i'd never speak to them. i was reminded of ptsd from a comment on r raisedbynarcissists and borderline personality disorder was brought up. i don't know if it's a secondary condition or overlapping symptoms, but c ptsd specifically was mentioned and that seems pretty accurate.
inner monologue why is this happening to me? another endless email pings, phone calls, and paperwork stacking higher than my head. my shoulders tense up and my jaw clenches. heart beats faster, blood races. my mind swirls with an ocean of thoughts deadlines, mistakes, obligations, worries. am i the only one in this situation? this is insane. yet, i cannot escape this endless cycle, this invisible prison, called life. each incomplete task nags at me like a painful pebble in my shoe, but taking action feels overwhelming. my mind drifts, wanders focusing on anything becomes increasingly difficult, yet i must push through.
person sighs deeply i'm feeling utterly drained, both physically and mentally. the daily grind of work, family responsibilities, and personal expectations is starting to wear me down. it feels like i'm constantly putting out fires and managing crises without ever having a moment to breathe or catch up. i'm starting to doubt if i'm even capable of handling all of this anymore. maybe i need to reassess my priorities and learn to say no more often. but where do i even begin? i just don't have the energy to figure it all out right now. i wish i could just hit the reset button and start over. but until then, i'll keep trud
he denied it and ever since then i think everyone is out to get me and that nothing ever happened and i'm just insane. i always doubt myself and it's hard to hang out with anyone because i think they all have some agenda toward me. i know logically nothing happened but when i get home i have to always check my body for bruises or anything suspicious. then i feel shameful and want to self harm die when i realize i'm accusing someone innocent of something so terrible and then my mind tells me nothing ever happened and i'm just nuts. it doesn't help that my family doesn't understand me and minimalizes all of my problems.
we were hoping to call when he leaves for work today he s leaving in about 15 minutes. i m really scared and i think he ll continue to come after us even after he goes to jail so we re probably going to have to get a restraining order. considering we re a financially unstable family this is going to majorly impact the way we live. we live in a two bedroom apartment so we re probably going to have to move to a studio or anything else that s cheaper. my brother leaves in 2 days because he has to go back to college and we need to take action when he s here because me and my mom can t really go against my dad physically .
deep, rapid breaths. the once vibrant and open workspace now feels like a confining maze. the once familiar tasks have transformed into looming mountains of to dos, their peaks poking up ominously. every corner of the mind, once occupied with creative thoughts, now plays host to these relentless taskmasters. the inbox, once manageable, has exploded into a deluge of emails, each one demanding attention and responses that seem just out of reach. the day begins with the harsh, discordant buzz of the alarm clock, tearing me away from the refuge of unconscious slumber. as the grogginess fades and awareness seeps back in, i
i feel like my mind is a never ending storm of thoughts and worries, leaving me drained and unable to focus on anything. i wish i could find a way to calm the tempest in my head and regain control over my emotions before they overwhelm me entirely. now write a motivational message for that person based on the thought you've generated. dear friend, it's okay to feel overwhelmed sometimes. the storm in your mind may be intense, but remember, even the most powerful storms eventually come to an end. hang in there, take one step at a time, and trust that you have the strength within you to weather this storm. don't give in
i feel like i'm drowning in the pool of my daily responsibilities. every task demands my full attention, and yet there's never enough time or energy to complete them all. i'm constantly on edge, waiting for the next fire to put out. my mind is foggy, and my heart weary. i fear i'll crumble under the weight of it all soon. but still, i force myself to keep going, for the sake of those who depend on me. the person is recognizing their limits and the toll that their daily responsibilities are taking on their mental and emotional wellbeing. they feel overwhelmed and on the verge of breaking, but continue to persevere for
i feel like my mind is a constantly spinning top, with no way to slow down or find peace. my thoughts race and my emotions swirl around me like an overwhelming storm, and i'm lost in the midst of it all. i yearn for a moment of stillness, to catch my breath and gather my scattered thoughts. yet, the relentless pace of life persists, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of anxiety and fatigue. anonymous. a moment of stillness and mindfulness can make all the difference in the world, but it can be difficult to find in a busy and demanding world. taking the time to pause and breathe, to focus on the
one might be thinking why am i feeling this way? am i doing too much? not enough? is it the people around me, the situation i'm in, or something deeper within myself? these thoughts can swirl in their mind like an endless tidal wave of emotion, leaving them feeling both drowned and powerless. they might also be questioning whether they can keep going, or if they should even try. the weight of stress and mental exhaustion can feel unbearable, and it can be difficult to see a way out. but despite these feelings, it's important to remember that seeking help and taking care of oneself is a sign of strength, not weakness.
person i can't keep going like this. my mind is constantly racing, and i'm having trouble focusing on even the simplest tasks. the pressure to perform and meet deadlines is overwhelming. it feels like a never ending cycle. i just want some peace and quiet, but my mind won't let me have it. it's like being stuck in a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions, with no escape. i understand how you feel, a compassionate voice responds. it's a common experience to feel exhausted and overwhelmed by the demands of life. it's important to recognize that these feelings are normal, and that taking care of yourself is a priority. here
living with chronic stress feels like a never ending battle within my own mind. every nerve is frayed, every emotion amplified, and the weight of expectations presses down like an immovable mountain. breathe in, but the exhale is trapped in a cycle of 'what's next?'. my heart races, my mind blurs, but somehow, i muster the strength to move on to the next moment and the next, always striving to reach that elusive peace. each tick of the clock feels like a lifetime, each decision as monumental as the last. this endless march leaves me weary, wondering where the person i once knew resides. and then, i remind myself that
hi everyone i have gad that gets much stronger prevalent when i don't have enough sleep. coincidentally, it also makes me unable to sleep sometimes, so kinda like a vicious circle. normally, i don't really have that many problems with it but i just started a new fulltime job with a lot of responsibility and that triggered my insomnia and subsequently all the underlying fears. my doctor prescribed xanax as a when needed last resort but since i was really scared of withdrawal addiction after reading up on the drug it's not called xanax here but alprazolam i only started taking 0.5mg at night after really breaking down.
a common experience among busy college students, overworked parents or those balancing multiple responsibilities. person i can't keep up. no matter how much i try, there's always more on my plate than i can handle. it's a never ending cycle of tasks, deadlines, and expectations. and every time i think i might finally catch up, another crisis pops up. i feel like i'm drowning in my own life. reflections i. understanding stress stress is a common experience in modern life, often linked to the fast pace of contemporary society. it arises from numerous factors, including excessive workload, personal pressures, and societ
it would look something like this i can't take it anymore. the constant pressure to perform, meet deadlines, and keep up with societal expectations is draining me. i feel like i'm stuck in a never ending cycle of stress, anxiety, and fatigue. i long for the simple pleasures in life a peaceful moment, a good night's sleep, or even just a moment of stillness to gather my thoughts. but it seems like these things are slipping further and further away from me with each passing day. i can't help but wonder if i'm even capable of handling it all anymore. i need a break, but the world seems to keep spinning faster and faster
i m stressing this entire fall break, i ve been learning for 5 days for about 8 10 hours a day, and i haven t finished nothing, even after making a schedule breaks every 45 minutes, dedicating one day to one thing . when i feel stressed, i feel like i m about to throw up or i m about to cry and i get anxious to the point of total mental breakdown. i have adhd and stress gets to me really easily, because i can t keep my attention in place. any ideas on what to do in this situation? ps i am 50 50 infp intp t 50 50 dominant and inferior functions , that might have something to do with it but i m not quite sure about it.
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm really struggling right now. between juggling multiple projects and meeting tight deadlines, i feel like i'm barely keeping my head above water. my to do list seems to be endless, and i can't seem to catch up. the stress is taking a toll on me my head feels heavy, my sleep has been disrupted, and i'm constantly on edge. i need a break, but it feels like there's no end in sight. i wish i could clone myself to get everything done.
the pressure of having too many responsibilities, facing an important deadline, or dealing with a difficult situation can trigger intense emotions and thoughts, often leading to a state of heightened anxiety. in this monologue, the person is overwhelmed by their responsibilities, plagued by self doubt, and struggling to keep up with the demands of their work or personal life. inner monologue exhales deeply i can't do this. the weight of it all is too much. the deadlines looming, the phone ringing, the emails pouring in, the constant demand for perfection it's all too much. my heart races, my mind races, i'm drowning
i feel as if my mind and body are constantly at battle, the relentless demands of work and personal life, leaving me feeling drained and unable to cope. i yearn for a reprieve, a brief moment of peace, a chance to reset and regain my energy. but the cycle continues, fueled by the pressure to perform and the fear of failure. it's a tireless existence, one that threatens to swallow me whole if i'm not careful. another thought from a person dealing with sadness and grief. my heart feels heavy with sorrow and regret, the memories of loss and missed opportunities consuming me, leaving a hollow feeling that lingers in its
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think something like, i can't keep going like this. my mind and body feel depleted, and every day is a battle to get through the simplest tasks. i need a break, but i don't have the time or resources to take one. how can i find relief and recharge without completely abandoning my responsibilities? alternatively, they might ponder, why is this happening to me? i thought i was managing my workload and stress levels, but now it feels like an insurmountable mountain. is it something i'm doing wrong? am i not coping effectively, or is this just the reality of my
today was a horrible day from the get go and i had to call out because i cant function with other people i work in retail today so i claimed i had a fever. of course it had to be memorial day weekend making it one of the worst times for this and they even of course said over the phone well, this really puts us in a bind . now i'm absolutely paranoid that they'll find out or they hate me now or i'll get fired for this. i'm so paranoid i'm worried they'll see me or come to my house to check on me even though i know they would never do that. i just wish someone could understand or sympathize empathize with me for once.
i can't do this. i can't keep up with all these deadlines, responsibilities, and demands. my heart races with every new message, email, or notification. i thought i could handle it, that i was capable, but i was wrong. i'm drowning in obligations, and each one seems to grow heavier by the minute. i wish i could just stop time, take a break, and catch my breath, but life doesn't pause for the weary. i need to push through, to prove myself, to prove to myself that i'm worthy, but the weight of expectations is crushing me. every mistake, every missed deadline, every unmet responsibility feels like a personal failure. i
they're just trying to juggle too many things at once and feel like they're not doing anything well enough. every day feels like a endless cycle of responsibilities, each demanding my full attention. i'm spread so thin that i can't seem to give any one thing the focus it needs. my mind is cluttered with unfinished tasks and looming deadlines, leaving me feeling drained and incapable of making progress. i want to be the best partner, friend, family member, and professional, but it feels like an impossible feat with the weight of the world on my shoulders. all i can do is hold on tight and hope i don't drop any balls.
depression and burnout, please help i'm turning 23 soon and i still live at my parents house and they do the cooking and household and i don't work or study i'm always home, but still for some reason i feel like i'm at work 24 7, every tiny task is too much for me mentally, i do not get my stuff done, i have a small to do list for myself but i procastrinate everything because i can't handle it why is my mental energy to get anything done so incredibly low? i am diagnosed with depression and i guess i have a burnout, but there should be a solution this right? i have become such a lazy person...i doj't understand why
i cried for hours and at one point, something came over me and just slammed my head into my bathroom door. sadly, since i'm in a dorm, it's a shitty hallow core door and it broke bad and now there is a hole that i have to figure out how to fix. it's a 100 fine if i can't figure out what to do with it so that's just compounding on the already existing stress. i have 3 to my name right now, i luckily get paid friday so i will be able to pay for my car, but i'm still left with only 100 for 2 weeks and i have to figure out how to pay for my textbook for my night class. it's a mess and i don't know what to do right now.
quote from an inspirational figure the mind is everything what you think you become. buddha person i've been feeling really overwhelmed lately. i can't seem to shake off this constant anxiety and stress. it's exhausting, both physically and mentally. sometimes i wonder if i'm just making a big deal out of nothing. but then i remember that quote from buddha the mind is everything what you think you become. these words hold so much power for me. when i'm feeling weak and defeated, i try to remind myself of this truth. the thoughts we have and the attitudes we choose to carry shape our reality. it's not always an easy
how am i supposed to keep going like this? i can barely function, and every day feels like an insurmountable mountain to climb. my mind is clouded and my body feels heavy. i can't focus on anything, and even the smallest tasks seem overwhelming. i need a break, but i can't afford to take time off or i'll lose everything i've worked so hard for. the pressure is building, and i'm on the brink of breaking. how can i find the strength to keep going? this quote is from a person who is dealing with a high level of stress and mental exhaustion. they are feeling clouded, heavy, and having difficulty focusing, and every day
inner monologue oh god, i can't do this anymore. the pressure is building up inside me like a ticking time bomb, waiting to explode. another late night in the office, another day full of deadlines, demands, and disappointments. my mind is racing with a jumbled mix of tasks, appointments, and obligations. the clock ticks in slow agonizing increments, as each second seemingly drags on for an eternity. my heart races with every deep breath i take, my chest tightens, and my muscles tense. my muscles ache with the weight of responsibility, as i carry the world on my shoulders, one burdensome problem at a time. thoughts
the world fades to a dull, gray tone as i sink deeper into my desk, a jumble of papers and files sprawled across its worn surface. the incessant ping of notifications floats in the periphery of my senses, a maddening distraction. my chest feels heavy, weighed down by a crushing sense of obligation. i can barely focus, plagued by endless thoughts racing through my mind. every mistake, missed opportunity, broken promise, it all builds and compounds, an ever growing mountain of fear and self recrimination. the clock ticks on, but the hours might as well be days, the minutes, mere seconds. my heart races with each new
with my daughter recovering and my wife getting further in her diagnosis and her pregnancy i haven t been able to catch up and it s snowballing out of control. we applied for social security for both my wife and daughter but our paperwork was lost in the system . i went to court last week and the writ of possession will be filed tomorrow morning to have my belongings removed from the home. i have asked for loans and co signers but nobody close to the family is willing to take a hit to their credit. i have sought out rental assistance from local charities but they will only help me if i got the balance down to 500.
person i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and expectations. no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't turn off the anxiety. sometimes i just wish i could press the pause button on life, take a breather, and recharge. thought it's important to recognize that we're all human and it's okay to feel overwhelmed. remember that self care is not a luxury, but a necessity for maintaining mental, emotional, and physical health. find activities that bring you joy and relaxation, even for just a few minutes each day. consider setting boundaries, delegating tasks
what impacts does it have on the body, mind, and emotions, and how does it influence our ability to cope with stress? one might consider the thought that constant stress is like a dark, relentless river that ceaselessly gnaws at the edges of one's being. this unyielding force saps energy, clouding judgment, eroding resilience, and eventually wearing down the very foundation of one's emotional and physical fortitude. stress's impact on the body is profound. chronic stress can lead to a variety of physical symptoms, including headaches, fatigue, insomnia, digestive problems, and weakened immune system. cortisol, the
consider their feelings of helplessness, despair, and frustration, as well as their thoughts of escape or self doubt. remember, inner monologues are a personal and introspective perspective that only the person experiencing them can truly understand. in the suffocating haze of endless chaos, i found myself pinned against the precipice of despair, teetering precariously, with the abyss yawning menacingly before me. time, once my most steadfast and unwavering of companions, had eluded me, leaving me adrift and unmoored, treading water in a relentless, inescapable sea of obligations and deadlines. the world, with its
it s almost a 50 50 mindset, because on one hand she wouldn t ever wish to be thought of or treated in a horrid way, i have corrected it best i can, and she is the kind of person to forgive and forget. it s hard. it s real hard to decide what to do. so that s why i m here today people of reddit. i realize this isn t the most pressing, serious, or dramatic post on here, but i stick my hand out in the hopes you can give me some guidance, some past experience, wisdom, or advice on what i can do or try so that the here and now are in question, and not then and there , so that my confession can go along without regret.
stress relief fidgeting app hey everyone! we have developed a virtual fidget toys app, designed to maximize the benefits of fidgeting like stress and anxiety relief https www.nytimes.com 2016 09 14 well move why fidgeting is good medicine.html it is available in the app store and google play for free, and we would really appreciate your feedback on it! app store https apps.apple.com app fidget pro id6443776869 https apps.apple.com app fidget pro id6443776869 google play https play.google.com store apps details?id com.my.fidget https play.google.com store apps details?id com.my.fidget thank you and have a great day
they might experience a range of physical and emotional symptoms, such as 1. emotional sadness, anxiety, frustration, anger, or mood swings. 2. thoughts racing or distracted thoughts, feeling forgetful, being unable to make decisions, or experiencing negative self talk. 3. physical headaches, muscle tension or pain, insomnia, stomach problems, dizziness, rapid heartbeat, sweating, or frequent colds. a person who is overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings by 1. verbally they might complain about their symptoms to friends, family, or coworkers. they might express feelings of being overwhelmed or under a
i m a little scared i have had serious stress issues since december last year. went on sick leave november tgis year and was slowly getting better. apparently the holidays are making me a bit worse. on top of that my dog injured his paw and kept licking it. so now i have to deal with that too. i have been pretty bombed after celebrating christmas yesterday. and felt quite devastated by all the things i need to do. after struggling to walk my dog tonight, rinse, soak and rinse his paw again, i started feeling a bit weird and faint. my vision is a bit weird too. i talk, walk and move normally. but i m a bit worried
the incessant ticking of the clock is a relentless reminder of time that keeps slipping away, while my mind, body and spirit, a delicate interplay of emotion, are relentlessly pulled in opposite directions, leaving me an empty, hollow vessel, ache with an intangible longing, weary and yearning for peace, for release. a fragile tethers holding me in a vicious cycle, unbroken and exhausting, each new stressor adds another layer of tension, each unspoken worry another layer of anxiety, my insides are a constant battleground, an endless tug of war that leaves me physically and emotionally drained. i long for a moment
with all of this garbage happening to me, i find it hard to keep my chin up and to not be negative. by anticipating the worst and vocalizing it, i feel as though i have a better chance of avoiding the worst, because i'm still suffering making myself unlikable or making a fool of myself . additionally, if the situation turns out better than expected, i will be pleasantly surprised, and not let down when something goes wrong. because of this, my relationship with my family is horrible as well. i don't want to lose one of my few friends over this, but i have no idea how to change or if such a thing is even possible.
he has anger issues and he seems like a good guy sometimes even though i know he's a fucking monster and i know he's had a bad childhood. it's even harder because if he does get arrested or something for it my best friend won't have anyone to support her pay for her tuition or her meals even... her mom doesn't have the money to do that and i think that's why she still stays with them... just so she can support her daughter. my family would be willing to take her in but we're not doing well w money either. i really want to do something about it but idk what i can do. he's been horrible to his family since forever.
the weight of relentless stress drapes over me, seeping into every corner of my being. the hours spent racing against the clock leave little room for reflection or restoration. a sense of unease pervades each moment, gnawing at the edges of my thoughts, stealing precious joy from simple pleasures. exhaustion, tension, and anxiety tangle together, forming a knotted mass that leaves me feeling disconnected, drained, and in desperate need of respite. the world presses on, unaware of the silent battle waged within, as my spirit yearns for relief, longing for a moment's peace, craving the gentle solace of tranquility.
no, that's not an exaggeration but i wish i was. while i was driving last tuesday i got extremely lightheaded, sweaty, and then pulled over and vomited blood all over the interior of my car. after a few moments of wonder if 'this was it' and deciding 'it definitely wasn't it, not on a highway' i snapped by myself back to what life was left and drove to the next exit to find help. my so has a great summary of why this ended up costing so much money, but it's a sequence of very unfortunate events. that's even before the fact that while i was intubated and unconscious someone lifted the bag of all my clothes wallet.
i ve been in an abusive relationship for 3 years now. my family had stopped talking to me, and live states away when my boyfriend and i got together. the first time i noticed abuse was when he wanted to repeatedly have sex till i was sore, and would get angry if i refused. it was subtle at first but it scared me. as time went on i would here everyday how i was too skinny, i need to gain some weight.. it got to the point to where i would ask questions about why i wasn t good enough and was depressed ... he would throw a speaker in a room along with me and put stuff in front of the door to where i couldn t get out.
here are five examples 1. emotionally they might burst into tears, scream, slam doors, or have a total meltdown. they might withdraw from people, becoming cold and detached or isolate themselves from others. 2. physically they might have headaches, stomachaches, muscle tension, or sleep disorders. they might experience rapid heartbeats, dizziness, or shaking. 3. behaviorally they might bite their nails, fidget, procrastinate, or engage in other compulsive behaviors. they might have trouble focusing, making decisions, or remembering things. 4. mentally they might feel anxious, pessimistic, negative, or overwhelmed
simple ways to destress and relax after a long day are you feeling overwhelmed and stressed out? if so, you re not alone. in today s world, it can be hard to keep up with the demands of life while still maintaining a healthy lifestyle. from work deadlines to family obligations, stressors come in all shapes and sizes. fortunately, there are many techniques that can help reduce stress levels and boost your overall well being and they don t have to take hours or require costly materials! here s a look at some helpful tips for destressing quickly and easily. https beautyaal.com de stress https beautyaal.com de stress
stress, a persistent and relentless force that wears us down with each passing day. it clings to us like a heavy, burdensome cloak, seeping into every pore and fiber of our being. the weight of it threatens to pull us beneath the waves of exhaustion and despair. a constant churning in the pit of our stomachs, it eats away at our energy, our motivation, and our soul. the smallest things feel like mountains to climb, and even the simplest tasks take on an insurmountable magnitude. the hours stretch out like an endless abyss, each moment heavy with expectation and the ever present fear of failure. beneath the facade
stress is a relentless burden that wears us down, eroding our strength, vitality, and sense of well being. it's a never ending cycle that leaves us feeling depleted, disconnected, and desperate for respite. like an iron hammer that beats against our souls, stress cracks the foundation of our health, relationships, and potential for growth. over time, the accumulated toll of stress can leave us shattered, with a deep, unyielding sense of loss. it's a reminder that self care is not a luxury, but a necessity, and that compassion and kindness are essential tools in rebuilding the foundation that stress has shattered.
inner monologue oh no, here we go again. the alarm blares, a shrill intrusion into my already chaotic morning. i force myself to sit up, eyes heavy, mind weary. the day stretches before me, filled with impossible deadlines, mountainous workloads, and seemingly insurmountable challenges. i rub my tired eyes, feeling the grit of sleep trapped within their corners. the weight of responsibility presses down upon my shoulders, leaving me gasping for breath. my heart hammers within my chest, threatening to burst through my ribcage as i struggle to muster up the energy to tackle another day. a thousand voices clamor for
stressing about where i'll end up in life i'm starting a new job next week. i've been looking into certification programs cuz i wanna get back into school or one of these programs and get a certification so i can get a better job. i have went from one job to another recently but i just keep stressing about where i'll end up in life. i know i can't change the past but i can shape my future by looking into things now. i'm 33 and i just feel i should be in a better place but i know everyone goes through different things so i'm trying to think positive as much as i can but i can't help but stress about this at times
i am frantically trying to figure out what distractions i can rely on during down time. the group i will be with are ecstatic about the cruise, and have no issue with sitting in a recliner and doing nothing. i, however, don't want to be alone with my thoughts. i plan on bringing books, audio books, podcasts, and whatever videos i can cram on my device s , but reading or listening to something during an activity or around the group will probably be seen as rude or anti social. the wifi on the ship is supposedly terrible and expensive, so i can't even casually browse reddit which is normal ly my go to distraction.
i believe that constant stress can erode the very fabric of our souls. it can take a toll on our emotional, physical, and mental well being. over time, it can lead to anxiety, depression, and other mental health issues. it can also weaken our immune system, leaving us more susceptible to illness. and, perhaps most importantly, it can damage our relationships, both personal and professional. it can leave us feeling isolated, alone, and disconnected from the world around us. in short, constant stress is not only damaging, but it can also be debilitating, leaving us feeling as though we've lost a part of ourselves.
what thoughts might they have, and how might they express them? inner monologue sighs deeply, slumps in my chair, taps my pencil on the desk i can't believe this is happening again. another project due tomorrow with incomplete data and a team that seems more invested in political maneuvering than actual work. the deadlines are becoming meaningless just a constant stressor in my life. my heart pounds as i think about the endless meetings we've had, discussing the status of progress, setting new deadlines, assigning tasks, and then...nothing changes. it's groundhog day, and every day feels longer and more draining
i can't seem to keep up with the endless demands on my time and energy. my mind is a jumbled mess of thoughts and tasks, and i can't focus on anything for very long. i feel like i'm constantly running on empty, and i don't know how much longer i can keep this up. it's not just the work load, but the personal obligations, the family duties, and the expectations that society places on us to always be productive and successful. i wish i could just hit the reset button and start over, but i know that's not an option. maybe i need to find a way to manage my time better, or to prioritize my tasks, or to delegate some
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, including 1. emotional outbursts the person may feel the need to let out their emotions, leading to outbursts such as crying, yelling, or displays of anger or frustration. 2. physical symptoms stress can manifest in physical symptoms such as headaches, stomach pains, or trouble sleeping. a stressed person may describe feeling tired, unfocused, or restless. 3. withdrawal the person may withdraw from friends, family, and social activities, as they feel unable to cope with the additional demands on their time and energy. 4. anxiety and f
the use of second person perspective can make the reader feel as though they're in the character's mind, amplifying the emotional experience. in the stifling grip of the clock's merciless advance, you stare at the screen, your heart hammering like a war drum. the sweat on your forehead cools in the fluorescent glow, then evaporates, leaving a salty film on your skin. your fingers twitch above the keyboard, but your mind refuses to focus, a swirling vortex of unchecked thoughts, dreams, and fears. the looming deadline creeps ever closer, a massive boulder careening down the mountain. a cold shiver snakes through
the weight of the world pressing down upon my shoulders, the tension etched into every muscle in my body, my thoughts a frenzied whirlwind drowning in the flood of responsibility. my spirit yearns for solace, for respite in the storm of obligations. yet i must carry on, each minute an uphill battle, as the relentless march of time and expectation wears at my very core. how can i continue to bear this burden when even a moment's rest seems a distant, unattainable dream? will the inescapable net of pressure ever lessen, or shall i forever find myself trapped, enveloped by the inescapable grip of perpetual stress?
i am frantically trying to figure out what distractions i can rely on during down time. the group i will be with are ecstatic about the cruise, and have no issue with sitting in a recliner and doing nothing. i, however, don't want to be alone with my thoughts. i plan on bringing books, audio books, podcasts, and whatever videos i can cram on my device s , but reading or listening to something during an activity or around the group will probably be seen as rude or anti social. the wifi on the ship is supposedly terrible and expensive, so i can't even casually browse reddit which is normally my go to distraction.
your inner voice monologue could be related to work deadlines, relationship struggles, or any other cause of stress. remember, your inner monologue should reflect your character's thoughts, feelings, and fears. character sighs deeply i can't believe this is happening again. the deadlines are piling up, the emails are stacking up, and the demands on my time are relentless. it feels like i'm stuck in quicksand, sinking deeper and deeper into an abyss of stress and anxiety. the weight of responsibility bears down on me, and i can barely breathe. every fiber of my being screams for a reprieve, for a chance to catch
one might hear a tired voice murmur, i can't keep going like this. my mind and body are in a constant state of chaos. every day feels like an insurmountable obstacle that i'm not equipped to handle. i'm not sure how much longer i can hold on before it all crashes down on me. this is the voice of someone who's being crushed by the weight of stress and mental exhaustion. it can be debilitating and overwhelming, leaving one feeling helpless and powerless. the only relief comes in brief moments of respite, when the mind and body can momentarily catch their breath before the cycle of stress and exhaustion continues.
this person has been working long hours for several weeks and is feeling drained both physically and mentally. they want to take a break, but they also don't want to fall behind on their work or disappoint their colleagues. they're starting to feel like they can't keep up and are becoming increasingly anxious about the situation. here's a possible thought i feel like i'm hitting a wall. i've been pushing myself so hard for weeks, and i'm starting to pay the price. my energy levels are depleted, and my mind is foggy. i know i need a break, but i can't seem to find the time or the permission to take one. i don't
hello r assistance. i want to go to rehab for my cocaine addiction i live in the usa where rehab has a bad stigma sadly. i was wondering what would be the best way for me going about getting into rehab for my cocaine addiction and since i don t have insurance if they would even accept me with no criminal background and it s not going to be court ordered admission but a voluntary self admission to the facility. feel free to pm me if you like with advice if you rather do that than reply to this post. thank you everyone for taking the time to read this i ll be sure to respond as quickly as i can to any responses.
person sighs deeply i feel so drained, both mentally and emotionally. the never ending list of things to do, people to please, and expectations to meet has left me feeling like i'm constantly treading water, just trying to keep my head above the surface. sometimes i wonder if i'm truly living, or just existing, going through the motions day by day. the weight of the world seems to be on my shoulders, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or respite from the constant pressure to perform. how can i find a way to recharge and cope with this level of stress and mental exhaustion? it's important for the person
because i have! and it literally makes me feel 10k x crazier than i already feel as it is. she left me alone, meds unfilled, and then told all her colleagues i was trying to scam adhd medication off of her, so now none of them want to take my case either. backstory, i ve been seeing this doctor for 3 years almost now and at first i let her know my commitment issues with mental health, and having people just leave me stranded or pass me to new doctors every week and it made me bail the first few times i ve tried to get my brain right. so we have appointments every 3 6 ish months depending on medication change.
title crumbling foundations beneath the relentless hum of keyboards and office chatter, my thoughts swirl like an endless vortex. today, a seemingly innocuous e mail from the boss sets the whole storm in motion. an unexpected project, an impossible deadline, a team half assembled. my chest clenches with the weight of responsibility. how did i get here? this familiar yet unnerving burden settles in like an old friend, but one that s grown heavier with time, one whose visits i begin to dread. the tightness spreads to my shoulders, constricting each breath as my heart races. the world fades to white at the edges
every day feels like an uphill battle. the weight of my responsibilities and the never ending demands of the world drain my energy and leave me feeling empty and defeated. i'm barely keeping my head above water and sometimes wonder if it's all worth it. but in the depths of my despair, i remind myself that i'm stronger than i feel, that i have weathered storms before, and that i have the power to take control of my life and reclaim my peace. one step at a time, i will make it through and come out stronger on the other side. thought inspired by the quote our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. our deep
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think why can't i just catch a break? everything seems to be piling up and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to make a dent in it all. i feel so drained and overwhelmed, like i'm just going through the motions without really living. i long for the peace and simplicity that eludes me. the constant pressure to perform and the fear of failure is taking a toll on my physical and mental health. i wish i could press the pause button and take a breather, but i can't. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders and i'm beginning to wonder if i
my mind is a crowded, bustling city, with thoughts and worries clashing together, drowning out any semblance of peace. i yearn for tranquility, but it seems elusive. i am tired, both physically and mentally, a weight heavier than any i have ever lifted. each day is a battle to keep my head above water, to stay focused and composed amidst the constant chaos. i crave the serenity of quiet moments, the sweet respite from the never ending hum of anxiety and obligation. yet, still i press on, determined to find the strength to endure, to prevail over the tumult within. i seek solace in the simple pleasures of life
person i can't keep going like this. the pressure to perform at work is unbearable, and the never ending to do list only adds to my anxiety. every day feels like a struggle, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace. it's all consuming and i fear i may soon hit a breaking point. i need a break, but taking one seems like a luxury i can't afford. is this what life is supposed to feel like? thought you're not alone in feeling overwhelmed and exhausted. many people experience similar stress and anxiety in their daily lives. it's important to remember that taking care of your mental and emotional wellbeing is not
this doesn't have to be particularly deep or philosophical, just something that captures the feeling of being overwhelmed and worn down. one inhale, two exhales. the clock's hands ticking, taunting with their relentless pursuit of time. a heartbeat echoes in my ears, pulsating with the heaviness of worry. the once familiar faces around me have grown distorted, like mirror images shattered and reflecting my own frayed edges. thoughts twist and swirl in a chaotic melange, yet i am powerless to still them. my heart pounds in my chest as my nerves quiver beneath the surface. exhaustion clings to me like a second
here's mine in the labyrinth of endless stress, where worry is the compass and fear the north star, we are left feeling lost and weary. each new challenge mounts upon the old ones, and our strength ebbs like a candle wick against the gale of relentless demands. our thoughts become thick, foggy waters that blur the lines between what's real and what's not, until we can no longer distinguish which way is up, or even which is the best direction to move in. all we know for certain is that the weight of it all is growing, and our spirit, once taut and resilient, becomes flaccid and broken under its crushing load.
inner monologue sighs deeply another day, another dollar. that's what they say, right? but today, it feels like another day of chaos, another day of overwhelm. the emails keep pinging, each one a mini crisis demanding immediate attention. the phone rings relentlessly, yet another project falling behind schedule, another problem to solve. the clock ticks away, each second a reminder of the mounting deadlines and the relentless pace of life. my mind races with to do lists, deadlines, and responsibilities. the fear of failure creeps in, a constant gnawing at the back of my mind. the pressure feels like a weight
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways, including 1. emotionally they may cry or feel very sad, irritated, anxious, or depressed. 2. physically they may have trouble sleeping, have headaches, feel dizzy or lightheaded, or experience other physical symptoms. 3. behaviorally they may withdraw from social situations, miss work or school, or have trouble concentrating. 4. verbally they may express their stress through complaining, yelling, swearing, or other verbal expressions. 5. socially they may seek out support from friends and family, or isolate themselves from others. 6.
person sighs deeply i feel so drained, both mentally and physically. each day just seems to blend into the next, and i can't keep up with the demands of my job and personal life. everything feels heavy and unbearable. i'm constantly worrying about deadlines, relationships, and finances. my thoughts race uncontrollably, leaving me no peace. it's like i'm stuck in this never ending cycle of stress and mental exhaustion. sometimes i wish i could just escape from it all and recharge. but where and how? how can i break free from these chains and live a fulfilling life? can anyone relate to this feeling? anyone? p
the weight of constant worry on my shoulders has left me feeling drained and helpless, each day feeling a bit more insurmountable than the last. the relentless grind wears me down, leaving little room for joy or fulfillment. stress emotions depression mentalhealth bearing the burden of perpetual anxiety, it feels as though every fiber of my being is being stretched thin, leaving me threadbare and fragile. the pressure, like a relentless steam engine, grinds away at my spirit, sapping my vitality and leaving me empty, yearning for a moment's reprieve. the constant juggling act leaves little room for breathing
given the diagnosis she refuses to take her prescribed medicine which is a cause for concern to me as when she is on a low, she tends to be very apathetic and rude in responses to conversation or ideas of things we can do. we live together in a house with two other people. we have our own space but the common area is shared. she has expressed that she doesn't like the living situation but the fact that it is cheap and we are all locked into a lease has prevented me from making any changes. after our lease is up i want to look for a place that the two of us both like but i am afraid it may be all for nothing.
max 5 6 sentences. constant stress can feel like an unrelenting storm, churning within us like an ever present tempest. our hearts and minds are in a steady uproar, where every second ticks by with the weight of a thousand expectations. our bodies remain on high alert, primed for response, constantly in a state of agitation. with this comes a growing sense of unease and tension, a lingering feeling that there s something more that needs to be done. it s not the normal ebb and flow of life s challenges, but rather an insidious buildup of stressors piling on one another. at some point, even the strongest of us
no one can diagnose me with ptsd because it is not! i don''t know if this is a ocd thing? if i have a multitude of things on my mind or other milder worries i seem to be fine but when my brain is quiet and worry less it seems i involuntary remind myself of the ''dissociative flashback'' which starts a cycle of psychological drowning and feelings of detachment as well as depressive feelings. this is all because of one thing in the past, my life would be 100x better if this was gone heck i would do anything to get rid of this forever! meds have helped it occur less frequently but it is still the same severity.
it would be something like, my mind feels so heavy and weary. i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to keep going. each day blends into the next, and all i want is for the constant pressure and anxiety to lift even just a little. i don't know how much longer i can keep pushing through. i need a break, but even the thought of taking one feels impossible. it's like i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of overwhelm. here is a possible response from a compassionate listener i can sense how exhausting and heavy this experience feels for you. it's okay to recognize that you're in a difficult place right now
what are some ways they might cope with this stress? someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, including 1. emotional outbursts they may cry easily, becoming tearful or easily angered. they might exhibit volatile mood swings or become irritable and snappy. 2. physical symptoms they could experience chronic fatigue, insomnia, headaches, gastrointestinal problems, or other symptoms related to stress. 3. cognitive responses they may become forgetful, struggle with focus, or have racing thoughts. they might exhibit negative self talk, anxiety, or pessimism. 4. social withdraw
the relentless pressure to perform is suffocating, and even the simplest tasks feel like insurmountable challenges. despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself. the weight of expectations, both internal and external, leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath. every day brings a new crisis to address, leaving me feeling like i'm on a hamster wheel, spinning but getting nowhere. the clutter of commitments clogs my mind, drowning out the still, small voice that reminds me of who i truly am. the never
try to write it in the second person, using the first person narrator, to provide a more personal perspective. you. the alarm jolts you awake, its shrill echo bouncing around the confines of your small bedroom. groaning, you push yourself out of bed, the duvet clinging to you like a thick, heavy cloak. the bed is lumpy and uncomfortable, the sheets scratched and worn, mirroring the tiredness of your body and mind. a sense of dread begins to creep in, insidious and persistent, as you pull on clothes that have long lost their ability to inspire or bring you joy. in the small, cramped kitchen, you prepare the
you could focus on someone who has just received a terrible work review or lost their job, or someone who is struggling to keep up with a heavy workload or personal responsibilities. inner monologue sighs heavily, leans back in the chair, closing my eyes as if to absorb the overwhelming emotions flooding through me. this isn't how it was supposed to be. the clock seems to be ticking away with a merciless tempo, and each second feels like an eternity. the day drags on, while the nights have become a blur. i thought i was making progress. i believed i was doing well, yet... this. takes a deep breath, feeling
consider using similes or metaphors to describe the emotional impact. the heavy cloak of stress drapes over my shoulders, sinking deeper with each breath, as the world turns into a kaleidoscope of shifting priorities. with each ticking second, the clock hands dance, mocking my inability to keep pace with their relentless march. my mind is a battleground, where every thought is a rifle shot, ricocheting through the crevices of my being. anxiety's tendrils reach into the darkest recesses, digging deep and pulling at memories, regrets, and hopes, tying them together in an inescapable knot around my heart. all
person i feel like my mind is a never ending whirlpool of thoughts and emotions. i'm constantly on the go, juggling multiple tasks and responsibilities, yet i seem to be getting nowhere. my mind never stops racing, and i find it increasingly difficult to focus on anything for an extended period of time. i'm exhausted, both mentally and physically, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep up this pace. sometimes i wish i could just shut off my brain and get a little peace and quiet. but even in my moments of rest, my mind remains restless. it's a vicious cycle, and i don't know how to break free from it.
person why is it that when we're at our lowest, when we need support and understanding the most, it seems that the world grows quiet and indifferent? is it because we're weak, or is it because people just don't understand the depths of another person's struggles? perhaps i'm not strong enough to carry on, or maybe i'm just not communicating my pain effectively enough for others to help. either way, i can't help but feel alone in this maze of thoughts and emotions, like i'm drowning in a sea of stress and mental exhaustion. it's hard to believe that tomorrow will bring any semblance of relief, any moment of
the heavy burden of constant stress etches deep wrinkles into my heart, a mirror reflecting the internal struggle that erodes my spirit. with each passing day, the anxiety churns like acid within me, fraying my nerves, shredding my focus, and clouding my judgment. it is a relentless thief, stealing my joy, my strength, my peace. the toll of constant stress seeps insidiously, a hidden tax on my very essence. every breath i take, every beat of my heart, is a reminder of the weight, the constant pressure to perform, to produce, to be more than i feel capable. i am battered by waves of uncertainty, buffeted by
i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities and expectations, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace. every day brings new challenges and demands, and i'm starting to question if i have the strength to keep going. my mind is constantly racing, and my body feels heavy and drained. i just want to escape from the pressures and find some solace, but i'm not sure how to make that happen. thought from a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion. i understand that feeling all too well. it's important to remember that it's okay to ask for help and take care of yourself during times of stress
inner monologue i can't breathe. it's like the world is closing in around me, a heavy blanket of stress and expectations, suffocating me with its weight. deadlines pile up like mountains in my inbox, emails threaten to spill over like a river of chaos, and phone calls ring incessantly, demanding answers and solutions to problems that i didn't even create. the clock ticks by, an unrelenting reminder of the seconds slipping away, of the minutes and hours accumulating and growing heavier with each passing moment. why does it have to be this way? why do i feel so helpless, so powerless, so completely unable to
how do i manage my stress with my situation right now? this is my first post here and right now i'm beyond stressing out to the point i can't even focus lifting weights at the gym. i had a random drug test on monday for work and i do smoke weed but honestly only at night to help me get to sleep since it's legal in illinois i can do it but my work policy is i think anything over 200 nano grams and you don't pass the test i got i to work today and i've been freaking out massively about this since monday i can keep from feeling like as soon as i go in to work today im gonna be fired and i can't lose this job.
inner monologue ugh, another day, another dollar. or rather, another day, another mountain of tasks, another load of responsibilities, another dose of pressure, another dose of fear. the sun creeps up over the horizon, the alarm blares incessantly from my phone. reluctantly, i drag myself from the cocoon of my blankets, wracking my mind for motivation. it eludes me. how can i face yet another exhausting day? how can i navigate this swirling maelstrom of expectations, demands, and deadlines, let alone keep a shred of sanity or health? the day stretches endlessly before me, a seemingly unending landscape of
your writing should consider the physical symptoms and feelings that result from the long term effects of stress. the incessant drum of deadlines and commitments resonates like a relentless heartbeat within the recesses of my consciousness. a tangled web of worries unfurls as the days pass like mercurial rivers i am the hapless castaway on an endless sea of obligations. my mind, a fathomless ocean of thoughts, ebbs and flows in perpetual turbulence, drowning in the ceaseless churn of responsibilities that cling to me like anchors. the weight of constant stress, an oppressive albatross, casts a pallor upon
i feel like i'm at the end of my rope. my mind is clouded and every day tasks seem insurmountable. i just want to retreat from the world and hide, but i know i can't. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i don't know how much longer i can carry it. i yearn for peace and quiet, but my mind is filled with noise and clutter. the thought of taking on anything new is overwhelming, and all i want is for the cycle of anxiety and stress to end. this person may benefit from self care practices such as meditation, journaling, exercise, or connecting with supportive friends or a therapist. they might also
this person's name is emily, and she's a successful marketing executive at a big firm. despite her outward appearance of competence, she's on the brink of a nervous breakdown. emily sat at her desk, staring at the flickering screen in front of her, her eyes glazed over with exhaustion. her mind raced, filling with an endless litany of thoughts, all clamoring for attention, drowning out any semblance of calm. the clock on the wall mocked her with its merciless ticking. time seemed to have slowed to a crawl, every second a cruel reminder of the pressure building up inside her. her heart pounded in her chest
a constant battle against the ticking clock, the mounting deadlines, the clamoring distractions my mind, body, and soul, all weary from the relentless push to be more, do more, achieve more. i long for the tranquil peace that seems to elude me, the momentary silence amidst the storm of thoughts that refuses to subside. my being yearns for respite, for refuge in stillness, but my obligations hold me captive. the heaviness of the world, the burden of existence, bears down upon me, as i struggle to tread water amidst an ocean of obligations and expectations. sometimes, i fear that the weight will be too much
i. intense anxiety fills every corner of my consciousness. each breath is a struggle, each thought a burden. the clock's ticking seems to grow louder, drowning out all other sounds. my heart races, threatening to burst from my chest. ii. my mind spirals in endless thoughts of failure, disappointment, and regret. each mistake, each missed opportunity, each unmet expectation haunts me. my stomach churns as if to vomit up the acids building within. iii. my emotions boil over, threatening to spill out uncontrollably. fear clutches my heart, rage twists my guts, sadness weighs on my soul. yet beneath it all, a
i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, commitments, and expectations. every day is a battle to keep my head above water and every night is a struggle to find the energy to start again. i yearn for the simplicity of a quiet life, but it feels like that's a luxury i can't afford. i'm just exhausted, mentally, physically, and emotionally. wow, that's a powerful and emotional thought. it paints a vivid picture of the overwhelming nature of stress and mental exhaustion. it's as if the person is trying to carry the weight of the world on their shoulders and it's taking a toll on their well being
explain it with a short paragraph on how it affects our bodies and minds. stress, an insidious companion that burrows into our lives, often sneaks up on us unawares. it seeps into our consciousness through a myriad of sources our jobs, relationships, finances, or simply the hustle and bustle of daily life. at first, it may seem manageable, a small bump in the road that we can easily overcome. but as time passes, and the stress continues to mount, it begins to take a toll. our bodies react with a surge of adrenaline, preparing us for the fight or flight response. but unlike the primitive beings of the past
try to create a vivid mental image and evoke emotions through language and description. in the stillness of the pre dawn darkness, a solitary figure stood amidst the frenetic hustle and bustle of the city that never sleeps. the sun was yet to rise, the world was a blank canvas waiting to be painted with the first strokes of light. but as the first whispers of dawn began to peek over the horizon, there was no solace, no tranquility to be found within the soul of this weary man. he was a cog in a wheel of unimaginable complexity, the gears of which seemed to be grinding with ever increasing ferocity, relent
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might say, i feel as though i'm constantly treading water, trying to keep up with the demands of my life but barely staying afloat. my mind is a foggy mess and no matter how hard i try, i just can't seem to catch a break. i feel like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders, and it's taking a toll on my physical and emotional health. i need a reprieve, a moment of peace to recharge and regain some perspective. but how can i find that when my to do list seems never ending and my schedule is already packed? this thought may bring up feelings
one persistent voice echoes in my weary mind, you're not enough, you can't keep up. it's a hollow echo that drains my motivation and energy, like a leaky bucket that i can't seem to plug. i'm exhausted from the daily grind, and i'm questioning the very foundation of my purpose. how can i keep going when i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts and obligations? i wish i could find the strength to keep moving forward, but sometimes even the smallest of steps seem insurmountable. can anyone understand what it feels like to be a cog in the endless machine of life, grinding away with little respite or rest
person i'm feeling completely drained. all i can think about is the never ending list of tasks i have to accomplish, the deadlines looming over me, and the fear of failure that comes with it all. it's consuming me, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going. sometimes i wish i could just press pause and take a break, but the reality is that i can't. i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts and obligations, and i don't see a way out. reflection this person's thoughts demonstrate the heavy burden of stress and mental exhaustion. they are overwhelmed by their responsibilities and are struggling to
stress is a relentless wave that crashes over me day after day, sapping my energy and clouding my mind. each worry, each problem, and each deadline leaves me feeling raw and worn, like i'm constantly bumping against a jagged cliff. my heart races, my mind races, and there's no room for rest or respite. i'm treading water in a sea of obligations and expectations, gasping for breath but knowing there's no time to truly catch it. and with every passing day, the weight of it all threatens to pull me under, leaving me wondering if i'll ever be able to truly catch a break. the emotional toll of constant stress
inner monologue oh god, i can't do this. another day, another dollar. another day of constant pressure and stress. the alarm clock blares, a harsh intrusion into my peaceful slumber. i drag myself out of bed, my body heavy with the weight of exhaustion. i take a deep breath, only to have it swept away by the relentless tide of anxiety that has become an ever present companion. i shuffle through my morning routine, my thoughts a whirlwind of deadlines, responsibilities, and the nagging feeling that i'm never going to be enough. my mind races, constantly spinning, as i try to remember all the things i need
even when i close my eyes to escape, i can't. my mind won't turn off. i'm constantly bombarded by responsibilities, expectations, and deadlines. it feels like i'm drowning in an ocean of tasks, and the weight of it all is crushing me. i need a break, a chance to recharge, but how do i even find the time or energy to do that? i believe it's important for people to recognize that taking care of their mental and emotional health is just as important as physical health. constantly being in a state of stress and mental exhaustion can have detrimental effects on overall well being. it's essential to prioritize
use specific, descriptive language and focus on the character's thoughts and emotions. in the gloom of twilight, as the last remnants of the sun slipped beneath the inky black horizon, i slumped in my office chair, the hum of florescent lights casting an ethereal, unearthly glow across the empty expanse of the room. a heavy shroud of weariness blanketed my shoulders and limbs, every morsel of my energy drained from me like a forgotten pool. my gaze, vacant and disconsolate, drifted listlessly between the cold, lifeless lines of my monitor and the fading light outside, shimmering through the cracked panes
person exasperated sigh it seems like life is one endless cycle of stress and exhaustion. my to do list never seems to shrink, no matter how much i cross things off. the weight of responsibilities feels insurmountable some days. i wish there was a magic button to press and make it all go away. but instead, i'm stuck in this maddening existence, drowning in the endless sea of demands. it's tough to keep going when the struggle is this relentless. maybe one day i'll find a way to break free from these shackles and experience some peace. until then, all i can do is keep pushing through and hope for the best
they are trying to balance work demands, family, and personal commitments, and feel overwhelmed and burnt out. i feel like i'm stuck in an endless loop of obligations and deadlines, with no end in sight. it's not just about the work piling up it's also the constant pressure to be perfect in every aspect of my life. the expectations i have for myself, and those imposed by others, feel insurmountable. i yearn for a moment's respite from the unending barrage of tasks and demands. my mind and body are exhausted, and i can't seem to catch up, let alone stay ahead. it's hard to believe that this is sustainable
they might express their feelings of stress in various ways such as 1. emotionally they may cry, feel sad, angry, irritable, or anxious. their emotional response might result in mood swings and easily getting upset or frustrated. 2. physically stress often presents with bodily symptoms such as headaches, muscle tension or pain, fatigue, sleeplessness, gastrointestinal problems, and a racing heart. they may also report feeling tense, jittery, or on edge. 3. behaviourally they may experience behaviors such as procrastination, withdrawal, or substance abuse. they may exhibit obsessive thoughts or compulsive
exhales deeply, closing eyes for a brief moment before reopening them and staring blankly at the computer screen before him. thoughts tumbled wildly through his mind 'damn it, i've got so much on my plate right now. deadlines piling up, emails cluttering inbox, memos begging to be read and responded to, colleagues wanting updates, clients demanding perfection it's an endless cycle. each task seems more pressing than the last, the stakes feel higher, the expectations more unreasonable. and it's not just work there's a pile of laundry at home, groceries that need buying, an aging dog that needs regular vet
the clock strikes 9 00 am and they re already behind. inner monologue 9 00 am the alarm shrills through the early morning silence. another day. i force myself from beneath the cocoon of my sheets and trudge to the kitchen to pour the remaining dregs of coffee from the previous morning into a mug, the steaming hot brew an insufficient balm for the tension already knotting my shoulders. the traffic report bleats accusingly from the car radio as i weave my way through the city, my stomach churning in anticipation of the trials that lie ahead. the hands of the clock seem to race, mocking me, as i navigate my
but i have something i think is important enough to at least be worth your time. i m getting the word out about my wife s surgery fund. she just got the message back today from her workplace denying her disability for her surgery. long story short this was devastating for us, we are both pretty frugal people that try to save our money but sadly at 20 and 19 we haven t had much time outside of home to amass enough savings. this surgery is a catch 22 however as if she doesn t get it she will have a 75 80 chance of becoming either wheelchair bound or if she s luck just unable to ever walk up or down stairs.
person sighs deeply i can't keep going like this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i can't even find the strength to lift a finger. each day feels like a never ending cycle of tasks and responsibilities, with no break or reprieve in sight. my mind and body are on constant overdrive, yet i'm accomplishing nothing worthwhile. the stress is crushing me, and i'm not sure i have the energy or the willpower to keep pushing forward. how do people manage to juggle so many things at once and still maintain some semblance of balance and happiness in their lives? i wish i had that luxury. but for now
i'm tapping my foot, my heart pounds in my chest, my mind racing a mile a minute. there are too many tasks piling up on my desk, deadlines looming over me like a dark storm cloud. i feel like i'm drowning in paperwork, in endless phone calls and emails that demand my attention. i can't focus, can't concentrate, my thoughts jumbled and scattered, making even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and it's pushing me closer to the breaking point. i need a break, a respite from the constant onslaught, just a moment to collect myself and regroup. but the reality is
remember, you're not just feeling overwhelmed, but also questioning yourself and the meaning of everything. it's a rollercoaster of thoughts and emotions. deep breath in another day, another dollar. or is it? how many dollars am i truly earning? and for what exactly? is it just to pay bills, to keep up appearances, or to somehow justify the constant grind? my mind is racing with tasks, deadlines, and demands, an inescapable tangled mess of obligations and responsibilities. the weight of it all threatens to suffocate me, stealing away what little sanity i manage to cling onto in this endless cycle. i can
inner monologue i can't do this anymore. the endless piles of paperwork, the relentless phone calls, the constant deadlines, the never ending meetings. i thought getting this promotion would be a dream come true, a validation of all my hard work, but instead, it feels like a never ending minefield of responsibilities, pressure, and expectations. my heart pounds with every email i open, with every text message i receive, with every knock on the door. i'm a human alarm clock, always awake, always alert, always on. the weight of it all presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, suffocating me, grinding
stress a relentless thief that strips us of joy, chips away at our confidence, erodes our energy, and leaves us feeling broken, empty, and forgotten. it snuffs out moments of happiness and weaves its web of anxiety, always leaving us dangling, never quite caught up, wondering when or if we'll ever be able to breathe freely again. it's a relentless enemy that lurks in the shadows, waiting to pounce on the most vulnerable of us, leaving us battered and bruised, our spirits deflated. the emotional toll of constant stress leaves us questioning our own worth and doubtful of our ability to cope, as it tugs at
also, you re incredibly ditzy and that gives off the idea that you re stupid. last week, she rudely corrected me in front of a patient and then rolled her eyes and shook her head. the patient leaned into me and said, what the heck was that about? i finally got fed up and went to my boss. this coworker is very manipulative and loves to gaslight me. she will say or do something mean and then when confronted, will deny the behavior and go off on all the things she saw me do wrong basically stupid shit that is none of her business anyway. i sneezed into my elbow once and she lectured me on washing my hands.
another update i received two messages from random women yesterday. it turns out my boyfriend abuser has been cheating on me, which is not surprising at this point. one of them, he went to get us food while i was home with my son, he paid for this woman's family's meal and got her number, and has been asking her out for drinks every couple days. she sent me screen shots of their conversations and he said, the ring i gave her is simply a gift to the woman carrying my child. we have had a rocky relationship and i can not see us as anything more than co parenting , then said, i don't work well with crazy .
they might say something like, i feel like i'm constantly putting out fires, and there's no end in sight. it's draining my energy and leaving me feeling empty. or, i feel like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. it's consuming me, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself. another possibility could be, i feel like i'm in over my head, with too many responsibilities and not enough time or resources to manage it all. it's taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being. alternatively, they might express feelings of overwhelm and helplessness, such as, i feel like i'm d
inner monologue oh, god, the relentless grind of this daily grind has officially sent me spiraling out of control. an inbox full of unread emails looms over me like a looming raincloud, casting a shadow on my already fragile sanity. the endless meetings, seemingly devoid of purpose, demand my attention or is it merely my guilt for not doing anything else, i wonder? why did i take on so much? a mounting project backlog that would make even the most seasoned project manager's head spin. each deadline a cruel ticking timebomb of stress and worry. every late night, missed appointment, skipped meal seems to
this could be a businessman with an impossible deadline, a nurse working in an understaffed er, a single mother trying to balance a career and raising children, or any other high stress profession or situation. write the monologue as if it were being recorded in real time. deep, labored breaths god, i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i can feel it compressing my chest, making it harder and harder to breathe. i need to focus, to stay calm, but every time i close my eyes, all i can see is the endless to do list running through my mind like a ticking time bomb. the deadlines,
remember to maintain a professional demeanor while expressing the inner turmoil. inner monologue the clock ticks. every. single. second. with relentless persistence, its ticking serves as an unforgiving reminder of the fleeting nature of time. minutes stretch into hours, hours into days, and days blur together like a kaleidoscope of pressure and expectations. i need to keep up, to keep going. i can't let this overwhelm me. i glance around the room, at the familiar yet alien faces that make up my team. we are all trapped in this web of deadlines and deliverables, of promises we have made and commitments
their thoughts might go something like this i feel like i'm being pulled in a million directions at once. between work deadlines, family obligations, and personal goals, it's all just becoming too much. i can't focus, i can't sleep, and i feel like i'm constantly on edge. sometimes i wonder if it's even worth it if all of this stress and exhaustion is really leading me to where i want to go. but then i remind myself of the reasons i started down this path in the first place the desire to succeed, to make a difference, to be the best version of myself. i take a deep breath, close my eyes, and try to ref
the weight of constant stress rests heavily on my shoulders, the endless cycle of pressure building, and fear lingering in the recesses of my mind. each worry knotted into my chest, dragging my spirit down, like the crushing grasp of a vise. fatigue drapes over my every being as resilience wears thin. with each deep breath, an ache lingers in my heart, a silent plea to surrender under the burden of responsibility and fear that lingers in my thoughts. amidst it all, my mind cries for solace, for a chance to breathe and recharge, only to be swallowed whole by the demands of an insurmountable load. i long
deep, labored breaths what is this madness? why is the world moving at a million miles an hour, yet i'm stuck in place, unable to keep up? the clock on the wall continues to mock me with its cruel and unforgiving ticking, each second an agonizing testament to my failures, my inability to control the chaotic tempest of obligations swirling around me. why me? why must i shoulder this mounting pressure alone? the burdensome weight of expectations, both imagined and real, bore relentlessly down upon my shoulders. my colleagues, once supportive companions in our quest for progress, now appear as inscrutable
i ve received hundreds of harassing contacts from him and he s even tried to extort my friendship back by threatening to expose sex tapes. i ve already endured years of his psychological abuse and him physically raping me in the ass while we were together. i ve already endured seeing him and the fact that he brings another man that raped me and he knows it to every hearing so far. i ve endured him harassing our old mutual workplace and every individual mutual contact we had when it first fell apart. i ve had him flip friends on me and had to move twice in the past to years to hide my location from him.
this person is overwhelmed with tasks, deadlines, and expectations. inner monologue deep, labored breaths how did i get here? am i really the only one who can do all of this? another email notification dings. another request, another demand, another task. the clock on the wall, my phone, the calendar on my desktop they all scream at me, mock me with the passage of time, the impossibility of finishing all of this before it slips away. there's never enough hours in the day, never enough energy or focus to tackle it all. how did i become a human pinata, with deadlines and responsibilities battering my day
inner monologue the weight of the world presses down on my shoulders, the relentless ticking of the clock mocking me from the corner. i'm drowning in an ocean of unfinished tasks and looming deadlines. my mind races, swirling with the details of unfinished projects and lingering responsibilities. each thought is a rock, piling on top of the mountain i feel impossible to climb. i'm constantly pulled between fire drills and endless streams of emails, every demand vying for my attention like sharks circling. i feel i'm barely holding on, the thread of my resolve fraying at the edges. i take a deep breath
deep, labored breaths. the weight of the world presses down on my shoulders, threatening to shatter the fragile bone beneath the skin. my heart races within my chest, a furious storm brewing within me. the hands on the clock seem to stand frozen, mocking my desperate pleas for time to move more swiftly. my mind whirls like a tornado, chaos swirling and colliding with my thoughts. an ever growing mountain of expectations looms in front of me deadlines, responsibilities, promises. a heavy, iron shackle grips my heart, suffocating the dreams that once flourished within me. my lungs ache with each inhale
remember, the goal is to capture their internal thoughts and fears, so make it personal and relatable. mara's mind raced as she sat staring at her laptop screen, the glaring pixelated reminder of the seemingly insurmountable task in front of her. how was she going to meet this deadlock? how was she going to tell her boss, her coworkers, her family and friends that she couldn't do it? with the onslaught of anxiety came the familiar nauseous feeling in her gut. mara's thoughts were a jumbled mess, an intricately woven tapestry of panic and regret. she berated herself for getting herself into this mess,
use descriptive language and provide examples of thought patterns that often emerge during these situations. title drowning in the tidal wave of work in the labyrinthine maze of cubicles and flickering fluorescent lights, i stand, ensnared by the merciless chains of deadlines and responsibilities. my heart races as if a wild stallion had been let loose within my chest, pounding with a ferocity that resonates through every vein, every fiber of my being. each rapid throb reverberates against the walls of my skull, like the ceaseless ebb and flow of an incoming tide upon the shores of my sanity. my mind
inner monologue sighing deeply oh, this is just another day in the merry go round of life. the alarm clock rings, piercing through the fog of sleep, rousing me from my sanctuary. the day stretches out before me, a seemingly never ending expanse of obligations and commitments, each demanding more of me than the last. i force myself out of bed, each muscle aching, each bone protesting against the callous alarm. as i step into the shower, my mind drifts to the events of the day ahead. the traffic. the deadlines. the endless string of requests and demands. i can almost feel the anxiety building inside of
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i've got a mountain of tasks piling up, and it seems like each one is a critical deadline. the pressure is immense, and i'm struggling to keep up. my mind is in a whirlwind, and i can't seem to focus on any one thing for long enough to make progress. i'm barely sleeping, and my energy levels are at an all time low. i feel like i'm barely treading water, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going at this pace.
inner monologue sighs deeply the pressure is mounting, and i can feel the familiar tightening in my chest. it's another day, another long list of demands and expectations from all corners. how am i supposed to keep up with it all? my mind races through a never ending series of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities. each one more urgent than the last. each one with its own unique set of complications, complexities, and challenges. why can't things just be simple for once? why can't people see the human behind the machine, the fragile person beneath the iron facade i've spent years carefully crafting?
person sighs deeply i feel like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations and responsibilities. the constant pressure to perform and produce is leaving me mentally and emotionally drained. even the things i once found enjoyable now feel like burdens. i can't keep up with it all, and i'm starting to wonder if it's all worth it. how can i find the strength to keep going when it feels like every fiber of my being is already stretched to its limit? thought sometimes, the weight of the world can feel too heavy to bear. it's important to remember that it's okay to ask for help and take a break when you
inner monologue sighs heavily i can't believe this is happening again. the tension in my chest is mounting, each heartbeat throbbing with the intensity of a thousand suns. the weight of responsibility feels like a boulder on my shoulders, pulling me down, suffocating me. why does it always feel like there's not enough time in the day? a million thoughts race through my mind, swirling and clashing with one another, a chaotic storm of worry and fear. deadlines loom ominously on the horizon, promising repercussions should they be missed. my fingers hover over the keyboard, each key a potential lifeline,
sometimes, i feel like i'm running on an endless treadmill, constantly bombarded by tasks, expectations, and responsibilities. i can't seem to catch a break or find moments of peace and quiet to just be with myself. my mind is always racing, i'm constantly worrying and feeling overwhelmed. i'm trying to juggle work, family, relationships, and personal goals, but it's becoming too much to handle. i long for the day when i can take a deep breath, slow down, and find some inner peace. but until then, i'll keep pushing through, one foot in front of the other, hoping for a light at the end of the tunnel.
thought why can't i just switch off? my mind won't stop racing, my body is tired but my mind refuses to rest. i'm drowning in tasks, responsibilities, and expectations, yet i feel completely disconnected from it all. i just need a moment of peace, a breath of fresh air, a moment to escape, but everything feels heavy and overwhelming. how do i find balance in this chaos? feeling desperation and overwhelm reality stress and mental exhaustion are common experiences, especially in today's fast paced world. it's essential to acknowledge these feelings and give ourselves permission to prioritize self care
use vivid language and express emotions intensely to create a believable and immersive atmosphere. in the suffocating crucible of my soul, where the merciless tendrils of anxiety coil and strangle my reason, existence becomes an anguished symphony of despair and torment. i'm not merely a vessel housing a faltering consciousness, but a fragile instrument teetering on the brink of cataclysmic ruin, trembling with the insistent knowledge that the gears of life's complex machinery grind mercilessly against my being. the ticking temporal pendulum, that remorseless harbinger of mortality, seems to mock my
the weight of endless worry gnaws at my heart, leaving me hollow and drained. each ticking moment piles another burden upon my shoulders, a mountain too heavy to climb, a peak impossible to reach. the ceaseless cycle of pressure consumes me from within, robbing me of my energy, my joy, and my spirit. the storm within rages on, as i am left adrift on the chaotic waves, searching for a tranquil shores that may only be a figment of my longing mind. in this whirlpool of constant stress, i feel both drowned and trapped, yet i cling to the desperate hope that perhaps there may yet be calm seas, peace, and
how might that person's thoughts shift over time, and how might they cope with their emotions in the moment? inner monologue deep sighs i can't believe this is happening again. deadlines stacking up, projects falling behind, emails demanding answers. the pressure is unbearable. my heart races, palms are sweaty, thoughts jumbled. each new notification on my phone feels like another ticking time bomb. my boss's expectations loom heavy over me like a suffocating cloud. i'm drowning in work, and the guilt of letting my team down gnaws at me. minutes turn into hours, and the mounting stress compels me to
a person overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways. some common ways include 1. emotional outbursts they may cry uncontrollably, yell or become overly irritable. this is their body's way of releasing pent up emotions. 2. physically they may feel fatigued, have difficulty sleeping, or experience tension in their muscles. they may also experience headaches, gastrointestinal problems, or rapid heartbeats. 3. behaviorally they may display restlessness or engage in destructive behaviors like smoking, drinking, or eating unhealthily. 4. mentally they may feel overwhelmed, anxious,
stress, an uninvited visitor that persistently stays, relentlessly weaving a tangled web of anxieties and concerns around the mind. a constant, unwelcoming companion that drains energy, distorts perceptions, and erodes joy. emotions run deep beneath the surface, boiling under the veneer of normalcy, waiting for that breaking point, when the pressure becomes unbearable. each moment a challenge, each day a battle, an endless pursuit of the impossible control. an unrelenting rollercoaster of emotions, as heartbeats race, tempers flare, and sleep remains elusive, only to awaken to the same grind. stress
inner monologue heaving sigh why is this so hard? the deadline is closing in, the tasks pile up, and the pressure keeps mounting. i've barely touched my morning coffee, the nerves in my stomach churn like a blender on high. thoughts whizz through my mind like a freight train, each more demanding and relentless than the last. what if i fail? the implications of a mistake are immense the humiliation, the shame, the frustration. i must deliver, i must succeed. my professional image, my reputation, my very identity hinges on the outcome of this project. the weight of my responsibilities clings to me, an
i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, responsibilities, and expectations. no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. every moment of every day is consumed by work, family, and personal obligations. my mind and body are exhausted, and yet there's always more to do. the pressure to succeed and meet the needs of those around me is overwhelming. i wish i could just unplug, but i know that's not an option. i fear that one day i'll break, unable to carry this burden any longer. how do others find the strength to cope? is this just how life is supposed to be? can i ever find peace and respite
this thought might include feelings of being overwhelmed, anxiety, lack of motivation, or feeling that life has become unmanageable. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, commitments, and expectations. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i can't seem to catch a break. every day is a battle to keep my head above water, and i'm starting to wonder if i'll ever be able to escape this never ending cycle of stress and mental exhaustion. i long for the simple joys of life a good night's sleep, a calm mind, and the energy to pursue the things i love. but for now, i'm just trying
they re feeling burnt out and overwhelmed, unsure of where to turn next, how to keep going, or whether it s even worth the effort. one potential thought for a person in this situation could be maybe i've been putting too much pressure on myself, trying to do too many things at once. perhaps it's time to reassess my priorities and let some things go. i don't have to do everything perfectly, and sometimes good enough is just that good enough. maybe i need to focus on the essentials and give myself permission to take breaks, rest, and recharge. another thought could be it's okay to ask for help. i don
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think something like, i can't keep going like this. every day feels like an endless battle, and i'm running on empty. i need a break, but how can i afford to take time off when there's so much to do? i wish i could just push through, but my mind and body are crying out for rest. this stress is taking a toll on my relationships and my health, and i can't keep ignoring the signs. i need to prioritize self care and find a way to manage my workload, but it's easier said than done. i wish there was a magic solution, but i know i have to put in
what do you struggle with the most when stressed? often when i am stressed, it seems to have come out of nowhere. i usually don t see it coming beforehand which makes it difficult to anticipate. when i look back i might be able to find the signs but it is still hard to identify clear ones. i decided to do a design project about it and i realized that you guys can help me gain a deeper understanding based on your experiences. what do you have the most difficulty with when you are stressed? what has helped you the most with managing your stress? it would be super helpful to hear about your insights!
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think something like, i can't keep going like this. i feel like i'm drowning in a never ending sea of obligations and responsibilities. my mind is fuzzy and my body feels heavy. i can't focus or make decisions, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i need a break, but i don't have time for that. i'm afraid if i stop, i'll never be able to catch up again. alternatively, they might reflect on the root cause of their stress and exhaustion, wondering if there are habits or thought patterns that they need to address in order to find
the person is feeling overwhelmed, burdened, and anxious. they feel a deep sense of responsibility and struggle to cope with the demands being placed on them. inner monologue oh god, i can't take it anymore. another day, another pile of work to wade through, another crisis to put out. my brain is a fried egg, scrambled beyond recognition. my heart is pounding in my chest, my nerves jangling with every new message that dings, every new email that pings, every new task that demands my attention. the weight of the world feels like it's resting on my shoulders. i'm so tired, so drained, but there's no
your writing should include descriptions of emotions, thoughts, and behaviors. title burdened by the cogs of existence in the recesses of my mind, the relentless tick tock of life reverberates, a cacophony of expectations that demand unwavering allegiance. amidst the relentless parade of obligations, i feel myself slipping, the tenuous thread of equilibrium threatened by the burgeoning weight of my responsibilities. my consciousness is a whirlpool of emotions anxiety churning in the depths, dread surfacing intermittently, the distant embers of despair smoldering at the edges, all intermingled with
i just stop doing productive things, talking to people, remembering appointments, etc. i am unemployed and almost broke but looking for work is causing me to feel like i can't swallow or get a full breath. i find that i have played video games all day, surfed reddit or this morning i read reviews on a book that is coming out for almost 2 hours. i am not on meds though i am trying gaba since i had some anyway. to make it even more fun, my sister is mad at me because i am chronically self centered because i forgot to get back to her about possibly getting together for dinner, because i am shut down.
the person has been juggling multiple responsibilities at work and at home, and is feeling overwhelmed and burnt out. they might be thinking something like i can't keep up with this pace. every day feels like a never ending to do list. i feel constantly torn between my job, family, and personal time. i can't remember the last time i truly relaxed or felt at peace. i'm starting to wonder if it's all worth it. maybe i need to reevaluate my priorities and learn to say no more often. but then again, i don't want to let anyone down or fail at my commitments. i feel stuck and exhausted, and i'm not sure
inner monologue deep, anxious sigh why, oh why, is this happening to me right now? my heart is pounding, my palms are sweating, my mind is racing with thoughts and i can barely focus on the tasks in front of me. every deadline, every obligation, every request seems to compound on top of each other, forming a mammoth mountain of pressure and stress. my chest tightens as i think about the multitude of responsibilities i have and the consequences if i fail to meet even one of them. every mistake, every mistake, every misstep. they all add up, piling upon each other until i'm buried under an avalanche
person i can't take this anymore. the constant pressure to perform, meet deadlines, and be perfect is draining my energy and ruining my mental health. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and there's no escape. every day is a battle to keep my head above water. i wish i could just hit the reset button and start over. but how can i do that when i'm already stuck in this rut? how do i find the strength to keep going when all i want to do is give up? it's important to recognize that feeling exhausted and overwhelmed is a common experience, and it's not a sign of weakness or failure.
you could imagine it s a person who is a dedicated, hardworking lawyer, a busy parent, a nurse, a college student, or someone else with heavy responsibilities. inner monologue i can't breathe, this workload is drowning me. another day, another crisis. the deadlines are looming, the phone keeps ringing, and i can't seem to catch up. every task feels like a mountain i need to climb before the sun sets, and i'm only half way up. the stress balls in my pocket aren't helping. they feel heavier than ever before. my mind races through the tasks i need to complete, but there are simply not enough hours in
high level of stress and anxity cause morning urination hello, i am a 28 year old man, with good health. i have been suffering from an increase in urination of dilute urine, especially in the early morning. i did all the tests for blood tests for hormones, liver, kidneys and heart, such as radiographs and blood tests, but the internal doctors and nephrologists and endocrine did not find any problems i have, including diabetes, as the cumulative and daily blood sugar levels are very excellent, could the cause be anxiety or excessive stress cause this , has any of you experienced something similar?
constant stress can be a heavy weight on the shoulders, an unrelenting fog in the mind, and a churning storm in the heart. the anxiety and worry gnaw away at one's peace, clouding judgment, fraying relationships, and sapping energy. time becomes a relentless enemy, ticking away in ceaseless moments, each one heavy with the burden of unmet deadlines, unspoken words, and undone tasks. beneath the veneer of routine, fear and uncertainty seep in, chipping away at the foundations of self confidence, leaving a feeling of helplessness and despair. sleep becomes elusive, a mere distant memory, leaving an
having a bad day s it s one of those day s where it feels like an anomaly. all day today, at work, i have been making mistakes left and right and scrambling to fix them as fast as possible. on top of that i am having the worst time understanding people as in just misinterpreting what people are saying and being confused with others communication. it s making me feel so pent up and anxious and i don t know what to do with all of this negative energy and anxiety. it feels like my body is going to explode and scatter everywhere. i just want it to end. get whatever this is over and go back to normal.
take part in 2minutes survey and win 50 usd amazon voucher. hello community, i hope this post is allowed. we want to develop a breath work app for stress management. please take part in our very short survey to shape our app. thanks a lot in advance! all your data will stay anonymous! no email or so required. https www.kano.plus studies respond jwkdrbp6bk528dudk https www.kano.plus studies respond jwkdrbp6bk528dudk if you want to win an amazon voucher in addition, please write me a message with your e mail and name of the features we asked for so that we know you did the survey. cheers, christian
i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and it's crushing me. every single detail demands my attention, and i can't keep up. my heart races, my breaths come in short, sharp gasps, and my mind whirls with endless thoughts. my to do list grows like a cancer, consuming me with its insatiable hunger for completion. deadlines loom, staring me down like accusing fingers. the phone rings relentlessly, each call another distraction from the mountain of tasks before me. my email inbox is a mess, overflowing with requests and demands. my calendar is a sea of red, crammed full of appoint
i can't seem to keep up with everything. no matter how hard i try, there always seems to be more tasks to complete and deadlines to meet. it feels like my mind is a revolving door of responsibilities, and i can't catch a break. i want to help those around me, but my own well being seems to be slipping through my fingers. the weight of it all is starting to feel insurmountable. another person's response might be i hear you, and i understand how overwhelming it can feel when there's so much to do and so little time. remember that it's important to prioritize and take care of yourself first. you can
a couple months after we though she was out of our lives, she broke into our house at 2 am. i was playing diablo 2, as at this point in my life i had severe insomnia. i heard the break in and woke my dad and his new girlfriend up my dad has had a lot of women in his life.... saying dotty had broken in. i had seen her from the balcony of our stairs when getting my dad. had i not been up, my dad had thought i had broken a cup or something and wasnt going to bother checking, i was known for having insomnia at this point in my life already, so she may very well have attacked any one of us that night.
the monologue should be 300 words or less. my heart races, and my mind whirls in a torrential downpour of thoughts. the deadlines loom large, mounting pressures suffocating me, their ominous shadows pressing in on all sides. each task feels like a mountain to climb, insurmountable in its complexity and enormity. i must accomplish them all and quick. time slips through my fingers, each second wasted feels like a dagger, slicing into my psyche. every breath i take feels labored, the air within my lungs seemingly thin and insufficient. my muscles contract in response to the stress, knots forming in
consider using metaphors and or personification. the cogs in my brain grind and freeze, like rusted gears strained beyond endurance. each decision, each challenge, another shovelful of despair piled on an increasingly precarious mountain. the fear eats away at me, biting and gnawing with the ferocity of an unchained monster, until my thoughts and emotions are as tangled and wild as unruly foliage, a hopeless garden that grows only more out of control with each passing moment. i am but a vessel, filled to the brim with torrents of fear and anxiety, the weight of it pressing ever downward as if in
and i don't ask for the nightmares to drain me of all energy and make me feel worse throughout the day the harder i try to be normal . i was planning on seeking counselling without my parent's knowledge for this condition once i get to university and get settled, but now i'm wondering if i'm going to be told the same thing by a therapist there. i'm not looking for a diagnosis, just people who share my experience or know what i'm talking about. i'm sorry if this seems kind of ranty or rambling, my thoughts are a bit of a mess and i'm not sure what to think. thank you for reading all this, anyhow.
this person has been juggling numerous responsibilities and demands, and feels overwhelmed and depleted. thought i can't keep going like this. i need to find a way to prioritize my responsibilities and simplify my life. the constant juggling and struggle is taking a toll on me, both mentally and physically. i feel like i'm drowning and i can't seem to catch a break. maybe i need to delegate some tasks, say no to some commitments, or ask for help. i need to learn to let go of some things and focus on the things that truly matter to me and my well being. image courtesy of freepik.com freepik stock
your inner dialogue should include the source of the stress the emotions and thoughts the stress produces how they are coping or attempting to cope inner monologue exasperated sigh i can't believe this is happening yet again. deadline after deadline, project after project, it's just never ending. the constant pressure to perform, to excel, to be perfect is exhausting. my email inbox, overflowing with urgent requests and expectations, threatens to swallow me whole. every little mistake feels like a personal affront. i can't keep up! why does this have to be so much harder than it needs to be? why
i live in a different country than where i'm from and i feel like all my actual friends are back home and that i have very few good friends in this country that i can talk to and who want to spend time with me. i just suddenly don't really know what to do with myself or what i want. like i'm kinda stuck and going nowhere and i hate feeling so insignificant. i don't know, maybe i'm making a big deal for nothing and my anxiety is getting to me. i have cbt tomorrow so i know i'll have a chance to talk about it there but i just feel so hopeless today and didn't know where else to turn but to reddit.
deep, labored breaths god, i can't do this. just another day, another set of expectations stacked high on my plate, the weight of them pressing down on my shoulders like a thousand pound boulder. the clock is ticking, the phone keeps ringing, the emails pile up in my inbox like mountains of digital trash. my boss looms over me, his presence a constant cloud of pressure and judgment, waiting for me to slip up, to prove that i'm not up to the challenge. why did i even take this job? what was i thinking when i agreed to all of these responsibilities, these deadlines, these never ending expectations
and it makes me more anxious which causes me to slip up more . it's getting worse though. i thought i could hold it down, this has been an ongoing issue for about a year or so and it has never been this bad but lately it's getting to the point where i can't even talk to my own mother without freaking out over this shit. she came back in town from a very long half year vacation recently and i had to go to dinner with her because that's what you're obligated to do and i had to sit there and try and make small talk with my brother the whole damn night looking anxious as fuck... i know they noticed.
every day feels like a battle just to get through the basics work, sleep, eating, repeating. it's as if i'm carrying a heavy backpack filled with responsibilities and expectations, and each step i take adds another brick to my already burdened shoulders. i yearn for peace, for the feeling of being unburdened and free, but it seems like a far off reality. the thought of a break, a respite, is as enticing as a mirage in the desert, yet remains just as elusive. and every night as i lie awake, tossing and turning, my mind racing with worry, doubts, and fear, i wonder how much longer i can carry this
the weight of the world on my shoulders, a relentless boulder that crushes me day after day. my heart, a pendulum that swings wildly between fear and anxiety, with brief moments of calm an illusion rather than reality. sleep eludes me, night after night, as my thoughts spiral uncontrollably in my head, a never ending hamster wheel that gnaws at my sanity. my mind is a battlefield, every waking moment a test of will, a grueling marathon with no finish line in sight. every breath, every heartbeat, a stark reminder of the relentless demand for perfection, for control, for survival. i long for a res
my problem is, if i'm going to date anyone, they have to be aware that i struggle with ptsd and willing to at least be there for me when i need. i don't need coddling or protecting, i just need someone to hold my hand and let me cry it out, or help me through a flashback. i need someone who can be present and emotional, and someone i can feel comfortable having a conversation with about it. everytime i have had a breakdown, and try to express things from the past, he audibly growls and talks about how pissed he is that it happened. he talks about what he'd do to my abusers if he ever found them.
reducing stress via gamified online controlled breathing exercise hi everybody! i'm a honours students studying psychology at the university of the sunshine coast, australia. this little study less than 30 minutes is part of my thesis, and your participation will help me understand more about gamification and motivating people to exercise more in online mindfulness programs which in turn reduces stress and anxiety. thanks for your time! https research.sc participant login dynamic 6282b8ca 8646 4cad a5a3 c716e7bc19d8 https research.sc participant login dynamic 6282b8ca 8646 4cad a5a3 c716e7bc19d8
inner monologue breathe in... hold... exhale. the clock ticks ever onward, but my mind remains firmly anchored in the morass of deadlines, projects, and responsibilities. i can feel the tension coiling around my neck like a serpent's embrace, each muscle twitching, each nerve ending raw. another email. another urgent request. when did my life become a never ending carousel of demands and expectations? i must focus, i tell myself. concentrate on the task at hand. my thoughts drift to the report i've been working on for days, the one that seemed so straightforward when it first arrived on my desk
the weight of the world seems too heavy to carry sometimes. my mind is a tangled mess of thoughts, each one demanding my attention and exhausting me further. i long for a moment's peace, a break from the relentless cycle of responsibilities and obligations. it feels like i'm drowning in my own thoughts, yet i cannot escape. all i want is to find a way to release some of the pressure and find the strength to keep going. but how? i am left with just my own thoughts and the crushing reality of my situation. i wish there was a way to quiet the noise and find some semblance of calm amidst the chaos.
share a mental health resource a phone number or website for anyone dealing with similar feelings. amidst the whirlwind of daily demands, my mind feels like a tangled ball of yarn, unable to unravel and prioritize. yet, amidst the chaos, i hold onto hope and practice self compassion, remembering that i am just one human trying to juggle a myriad of challenges. if you find yourself overwhelmed, too, know that you're not alone. the national alliance on mental illness helpline 1 800 950 nami offers support, resources, and advocacy for individuals and families affected by mental illness. you matter
inner monologue i can't believe this is happening again. the clock is ticking, and the deadlines keep piling up. my mind is racing, my heart is pounding, and the tension in my muscles feels like i've been carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders for days. this project was supposed to be simple, a routine assignment i could easily handle, but no, it's become this colossal monster with a never ending list of demands. the hours turn into days, and the stress keeps building up like a volcano ready to erupt. my colleagues seem oblivious to the pressure i'm under, their carefree chatter feels
in the quietude of the early morning hours, as the first vestiges of dawn cast long shadows through the curtained windows, my mind awakes, heavy laden and laden with the weight of unfulfilled expectations. the bed, an uninviting expanse of mundanity, beckons me to rest for but a few moments more, but the relentless march of consciousness propels me to rise and face the inexorable tide of obligation and ambition that awaits on the far side of the threshold. the commute through the city, a veritable tableau of human suffering and existential ennui, plays out like a mournful symphony, its haunting
inner monologue my heart is racing, the beats pounding against my ribcage like a jackhammer. the numbers on the clock spinning endlessly before me, yet never moving fast enough. i can hardly focus on the task at hand a mountain of emails to answer, calls to make, deadlines closing in like an avalanche. i can barely draw a full breath as i sit at my desk, the weight of expectations bearing down upon me. every fiber of my being seems tensed, ready to snap like a rubber band. why do i let this happen? why do i allow myself to be consumed by work, to be defined by it? my mind races with thoughts of
and i don't ask for the nightmares to drain me of all energy and make me feel worse throughout the day the harder i try to be normal. i was planning on seeking counselling without my parent's knowledge for this condition once i get to university and get settled, but now i'm wondering if i'm going to be told the same thing by a therapist there. i'm not looking for a diagnosis, just people who share my experience or know what i'm talking about. i'm sorry if this seems kind of ranty or rambling, my thoughts are a bit of a mess and i'm not sure what to think. thank you for reading all this, anyhow.
inner monologue exhale deeply the clock strikes eight, and the realization of another workday ahead fills me with dread. the overwhelming sense of responsibility, of constantly putting out fires before they spread, threatens to engulf me. i can feel the anxiety knots tightening in my chest. there's just too much to do and not enough hours in the day. i shouldn't be feeling this way. so many people have it worse. but that thought does little to quell the churning in my stomach. why can't i get it all done? why am i always one step behind? i berate myself for being inadequate, for failing to meet
person sighs deeply i can't keep going like this. my mind is always racing, my thoughts a constant whirlwind. the weight of all my responsibilities and obligations feels crushing. i don't know if i can keep up with everything and it's all starting to take a toll on me. i need a break, but there never seems to be enough time. the stress is eating away at me, and sometimes i just feel so exhausted, both physically and mentally. it's hard to focus on anything when all i can think about is the next thing i need to do. i'm just trying to survive each day, not live it. how can i cope with all of this
how might this person try to manage their stress and find some relief? title burdened in the dimly lit confines of my cluttered workspace, the insidious clicks of the computer keys seemed to resonate with the ceaseless hum of thoughts surging through my overstimulated mind. my shoulders heaved with the weight of unmet expectations, obligations, and commitments. the seemingly innocuous, mundane emails i was supposed to answer were but a small subset of my burden i was weighed down by the unspoken promises i'd made to myself and others promises that felt unachievable in the ever increasing chaos.
inner monologue breathe in, hold it, and exhale... repeat. the cycle of thought consumed me, a whirlwind of worry and anxiety, the clock on the wall mocking me, one minute at a time. deadlines loomed, piles of paperwork begged to be sorted and filed. the telephone ringing only served to heighten my already jittery nerves, and each voice that spoke was yet another challenge to tackle. the weight of expectation my own, and others' pressed upon my shoulders, the air growing thinner and more difficult to draw in with each passing second. a wave of nausea rolled through me, a constant reminder of my
the inner monologue is in first person. i can't do this. the weight of the world is pressing down on my shoulders, burrowing deeper into my muscle tissue. my heart races at an alarming pace, every beat echoing through my skull, drowning out the outside world. my palms slick with sweat, my breath shallow and unsteady, my mind racing like a thousand trains hurtling toward their respective destinies. why does it always feel like i'm stuck in quicksand, barely treading water in the deep end? why can't i seem to catch a break, no matter how hard i try? every problem, every challenge, looms before me
deep sigh oh, the weight of it all. i can't seem to catch a break, no matter how hard i try. every day is a never ending cycle of unyielding tasks and demands. the email inbox is a bottomless pit that i constantly struggle to keep at bay, and there's always another crisis to put out, another project to juggle, another report to finish, and yet another meeting to attend. my mind races at a hundred miles an hour, thoughts swirling like a tornado, leaving me exhausted and disheveled. i thought i could handle it all, but the pressure is starting to build, and i'm finding myself increasingly short t
inner monologue ugh, another day, another endless loop of overwhelming tasks. deadlines clashing, projects stacked high like a towering mountain, each with its own demanding peak to conquer. the clock is mercilessly ticking away while my mind is swirling in an unforgiving storm of anxiety and panic, unable to keep up or prioritize. every minor problem grows into a mountain, each minor setback becomes a monumental crisis. my heart races, my thoughts cloud, i can't think clearly or calmly. i can't remember the last time i had a solid night's sleep this exhaustion, this heaviness, this relentless
i'm staring at the pile of papers on my desk, my brain throbbing with every second. the deadline is in two days and i'm not even halfway done. each unfamiliar symbol scribbled in the documents brings a new wave of panic. a thousand voices ring in my head, echoing each other, screaming with a dissonant unity. the client won't wait forever, the boss won't understand, i won't be able to handle this... my chest is constricting, my pulse is racing. how could i've misjudged the situation so badly? the weight of my mistakes drags down my every breath. the once innocent words of the deadline now sound
i'll use the example of a marketing executive with an impending deadline. marketing executive muttering to himself as he glances at the clock on his laptop 3 15 p.m. only three hours until the pitch meeting. how am i supposed to have a compelling, innovative, original marketing strategy ready in such a short amount of time? this is insane! the executor sips his lukewarm coffee, eyes darting nervously around the room as his thoughts race. marketing executive mind racing what if i don't have the right information? what if i've missed something crucial? and how are we going to measure the success
i just got a small job offer from a friend of mine who works prepping dessert plates at a restaurant, and well i agreed to try it out but i feel so anxious. this happens every time i look for jobs and they actually want to hear of me. i don t know why, the whole process just feels like my embarrassment on display and i m afraid to commit myself to working part time due to this. it s nothing hard yet i feel so ashamed when i tell my family and partner that i didn t simply like the job or feel like it s demanding too much of me atm. it s like getting a job takes so much from me atleast socially.
but one night, i somehow picked up on a pattern or loop in the cricket sounds, and i haven't been able to listen to it since. my brother had the same model in the room next to mine, and i ended up getting him a new one for his birthday because even puddles through the wall, every single loop felt like an ice pick to my forehead. it's like my brain knows what sound is coming and the auditory auto correct is mentally painful and dread inducing. any advice suggestions would be helpful can't seem to get the right combination of experiences symptoms from misophonia, sensory processing, etc. thanks!
however my job is physically laborious as i start at 2 a.m. and don't wrap up until 1 p.m. i'm currently relying on co workers get to and from since my car is out of order, so i don't have time to run to the supermarket to ask any of them to help me buy groceries to pay them back later. i've run out of the pantry food, and ended of my work day early today due to feeling sick. i'm assuming it's a stomach virus, as i was home by 10 30 a.m. today, slept for a few hours, and ended up hurling everything in my stomach by 2 30 p.m. please, i need a hot meal, even if it's from the local chinese place.
i have had two or three or more reoccurring dreams of me cheating on my boyfriend.. and they are so real that i actually feel awful when i wake up or like it actually happened. i've been spooked when i've woken up because it's actually felt like he left and it happened.. can someone shed some light on what this means? my boyfriend is 18 and i am 19 i am female he is male. we have been in a relationship for around 6 7 months. recently me and my boyfriend had been going through a tough stage and i've been carrying a huge amount of guilt and i've been feeling like i'm not a good person at all...
as the weight of my overwhelming responsibilities presses down on me, i long for a moment of reprieve. though i strive to balance my various commitments, i can t shake the feeling that i m in over my head. i yearn for the simplicity of a single focus and the serenity of a clear mind. as the burdensome load of my numerous obligations bear heavily upon me, i crave the brief relief of a respite. despite my relentless effort to maintain equilibrium, i am plagued by the belief that i have bitten off more than i can chew. the tantalizing thought of a solitary focus and an uncluttered mind offers me
exhale deeply, eyes fixed on the spreadsheet in front of him. fingers tapping nervously on the cool surface of the desk. sweat pools at the edge of his forehead, slowly seeping into the fabric of his shirt. his heart races, an erratic drumbeat, threatening to overtake him. he checks the clock again, a constant reminder that time is running out, slipping away, like sand through an hourglass. a million thoughts jumble together, an incoherent cacophony, clawing at his brain. memos to write, data to analyze, projects to complete, deadlines looming. every demand, every task adding another layer of
deep, labored breaths as i sit slouched over my desk, eyes squinted from the harsh glare of the computer screen. my phone keeps vibrating with relentless notifications, but i don't have the energy to deal with any of it right now. i close my eyes, and the constant noise of my colleagues typing away, phones ringing, and the hum of the overhead fluorescents pierce my ears like daggers. oh god, the deadlines, the expectations, the overwhelming responsibilities. my chest constricts, and my heart beats wildly as the pressure builds within me. every tiny detail feels like an impossibility, a hurdle
offer 3 or more suggestions for coping with stress. i'm feeling inundated by the demands of work and home, causing my mind to spin in a chaotic dance of thoughts and to dos. it's easy to lose sight of balance and perspective during these moments. suggestions for coping with stress 1. practice deep breathing exercises close your eyes, focus on your breath, and allow the calming sensation to slowly bring ease to your body and mind. 2. engage in mindfulness meditation sit in a quiet place and observe the present moment with non judgmental awareness. 3. create a daily routine or schedule allocate
i would appreciate any insight from other ppl with ptsd and flashbacks. my husband had several things happen to him when he was a teenager and occasionally when things get very bad for him he has very bad flashbacks complete with regression to the time when the trauma happened. it is heartbreaking to see, and obviously he does not recognize me and does not understand why we live together and why he s not living at his parents house does anyone have experience with this kind of flashbacks? and what kind of things would be most helpful for your partner to do to help you back up to the present?
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently swamped with tasks, and it feels like an endless sea of responsibilities. with three major deadlines looming, i can't seem to keep my head above water. my mind is cluttered, my body is tired, and my sleep has become a distant memory. i'm struggling to focus, and the smallest of tasks feels like a mountain to climb. it's all becoming too much, and i can't help but feel overwhelmed and helpless.
i 30f married my husband 31m about 6 months ago after dating for 2 years and knowing each other for about 14. when we first hooked up, i had a very successful career in the adult industry and i supported him for almost 2 years before he got a job. he knew what i did before we hooked up because i had been in the industry for years and everyone back home knew. he told me multiple times that he accepted it and he loved me regardless. however, he has been very abusive, always blaming it on my job before and now that i have retired since our marriage he uses my past against me during every fight.
they're overwhelmed with their to do list, responsibilities, and deadlines. they're exhausted, anxious, and overwhelmed. they can't seem to catch up or get ahead. inner monologue ugh, another day, another endless list of things to do. i can't keep up with the demand on my time and energy. how did i get here? how did my life become a endless cycle of work, responsibility, and stress? my to do list seems to be growing faster than i can check things off. deadlines are looming and i'm not making progress fast enough. the fear of failure and the weight of disappointment threatens to crush me. the
end of work day brain stops working i am a teacher 23 years , and this is a new phenomenon for me. at the end of the day, i literally can t think. it s happened in class and during a meeting i was leading this week. i know i am under a lot of stress we are in fl and school was closed for the hurricane for a few days. the meeting was on tuesday afternoon when we had already been told school was closing. today at the end of the day, i felt so overwhelmed that i literally had to ask a student what his last name was for the office. is this just regular stress or special hurricane related stress?
inner monologue i can't do this anymore. the relentless pressure to perform, to be perfect, is overwhelming. the deadlines are closing in, the expectations mounting, and i feel like i'm drowning. every mistake, every error, every missed deadline feels like a personal failure, a reflection of my own inadequacy. my mind is racing, thoughts spinning in a whirlwind, uncontrollable. heart hammering in my chest, palms sweating, the weight of responsibility heavy on my shoulders. how did i get here? this is not what i signed up for. every decision is a burden, an opportunity for potential missteps,
the clock is ticking loudly, deadlines keep mounting, phone won't stop ringing, emails pile up unanswered, coworkers keep interruping you with urgent issues, bills keep coming, responsibilities loom heavy, family demands continue unabated, thoughts of escaping or throwing in the towel flood your mind. inner monologue whispering to self, desperation creeping into each word just a few more hours...that's all i need. just a few more hours until the day ends and the weight of the world seems to lift off my shoulders. just a few more hours until the deadlines have passed, the phone has gone quiet
i'm swirling in a cauldron of uncertainty and self doubt, the weight of unfulfilled responsibilities dragging at my spirit. my heart races in rhythm with the ticking clock, time slipping slyly through my fingers like water through a sieve. the endless to do list haunts me, each item a gnarled tentacle that snatches at my energy, my motivation. the relentless barrage of obligations leaves me reeling, a battered boat on a tempestuous sea. i must summon the resolve to weather this storm, but my resilience feels gutted, leaving me raw and unprotected. how can i rise above when the very fabric of
inner monologue deep, labored breaths how did i get here? amidst the swirling vortex of deadlines, obligations, and responsibilities, i find myself standing still, drowning in a pool of stress and self doubt. my heart races, my mind churns, and every nerve is frayed, raw from the constant pressure to perform. the weight of expectations both external and self imposed bears down on me, threatening to crush the fragile structure of my sanity. why can't i handle it all? are my abilities truly as feeble as they seem when faced with these overwhelming challenges? my fingers dance across the keys,
my stress tolerance was already at a zero and i was contemplating suicide a lot, i didn t want to see where that would lead me and i didn t want to do that to my brothers. i was incredibly lucky and got referred to a good psychologist that i like. he s helping me through the problems of getting rehabilitation welfare, which is a hassle because i constantly have to talk to new counselors, psychologists and psychiatrists which triggers breakdowns. i hate talking about myself to strangers, i m not ashamed at all, i just hate having to share how i truly feel with strangers. it makes it so real.
deep, heavy breathing god, i can't do this anymore. the deadlines, the endless phone calls, the mountain of paperwork piling up on my desk. it's too much. my mind is racing, my heart is pounding, and my body feels tense and exhausted. i thought i could handle it all, but i'm beginning to doubt myself. every decision i make feels like a mistake, every email i send feels like a disaster waiting to happen. my muscles are tight, my temples pounding. i just want to escape, to find a way out of this never ending cycle of stress and anxiety. but i know i can't. i have responsibilities, commitments
the person is constantly thinking of worst case scenarios, making to do lists, worrying about deadlines, feeling inadequate, and trying to balance multiple responsibilities. inner monologue exhales deeply i can't do this. not another day. the alarm clock buzzes, but the sound only amplifies the heaviness on my chest, dragging me further into my chaotic reality. another day of juggling responsibilities that feels like i'm dancing on a tightrope above a volcanic abyss. an avalanche of to do lists and deadlines pummel my brain, each one more pressing than the last. finish that report by noon,
try to get as detailed as possible in your description of their thoughts and feelings. in the inky blackness of the early morning hours, a weary mind grapples with the remnants of sleep, the tenebrous fog of thoughts refusing to recede, a ceaseless tide of worry and unease. a heavy burden lies upon the heart, and each breath drawn feels akin to inhaling the leaden remnants of a thousand smokestacks. the alarm clock blares, a jarring, cacophonous call to arms that pierces the fragile semblance of quietude that clings desperately to the room like gossamer threads. and so, the struggle begins
title burdened beneath amidst the chaos of the relentless humdrum, my breath catches in my chest. the incessant clanging of my thoughts threatens to shatter the fragile serenity of this otherwise mundane afternoon. i stand frozen, transfixed within this swirling tempest, as the weight of the world my world hangs on my shoulders like a cloak of wet blankets. my heart pounds with an urgency that demands i listen, that demands i respond. but to what? a symphony of voices vying for my attention the insistent calls of responsibilities i have neglected, the insistent reminders of expectations un
intense sigh, heavy exhale my mind is racing, constantly churning thoughts swirl like a tempest in the depths of my being. deadlines loom, responsibilities accumulate, expectations tower, and i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in a sea of unfinished tasks. my heart beats faster with each passing moment, like a relentless metronome urging me forward. why can't i seem to catch up? i work tirelessly, clocking hour after hour, barely leaving time for meals or rest, yet the weight upon my shoulders grows heavier with each passing day. the constant tension leaves my muscles knotted, my
inner monologue oh god, the pressure is building up, i can't handle it any longer. my heart is racing, my mind is filled with a whirlwind of thoughts and anxieties, and i feel like i'm on the brink of collapse. i thought i could juggle all these responsibilities work, family, relationships but it's all becoming too much. i can't sleep at night, my appetite is gone, and every day feels like a mountain to climb. i can't seem to focus on anything, and even the simplest tasks seem impossible. i keep telling myself to take it one day at a time, to break things down into smaller manageable tasks
generate a message from someone feeling overwhelmed. example 'i have three deadlines coming up, and i feel like i m drowning in work. my head hurts, and i haven t slept properly in days.' i'm currently juggling several projects at once, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable task. with three deadlines looming, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in work. my mind is swirling with to dos, and my headaches persist even after a full night's rest. sleep has become elusive, and i can't shake the feeling that i'm constantly behind. it's a heavy burden, and i'm struggling to keep up.
inner voice murmuring god, the deadlines are closing in, and i can't even focus on this mundane task. the papers are scattered all over my desk, and my mind is swirling with a thousand distractions. my heart is pounding, palms are sweaty, and my breath is shallow. every mistake feels like a disaster waiting to happen. each tick of the clock ticks louder, as if mocking me. time seems to move slower, and yet more obligations pile up with each passing second. an email dings in, reminding me of another task waiting for completion. another call to return. yet another crisis to manage. but i can
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in several ways. here are some common expressions of emotional and physical stress 1. emotional outbursts crying, yelling, or expressing frustration, anger, sadness, or anxiety 2. sleep disturbances insomnia, nightmares, oversleeping, or frequent napping 3. appetite changes loss or increase in appetite, eating comfort food, or skipping meals 4. fatigue persistent tiredness or lack of energy 5. irritability or mood swings being easily annoyed, short tempered, or more sensitive to criticism or emotional pressure 6. headaches frequent
inner monologue i can't catch a break, the world is spinning around me, and i'm stuck in the midst of it all. deadlines loom large and heavy, my shoulders hunching with the weight of responsibility. my mind races a million miles an hour, each thought leading to a new burden, new challenge. the phone keeps ringing emails pile up messages wait to be answered. there are problems to solve, reports to finish, appointments to keep. i feel like a balloon, filling up with air, threatening to burst at any moment. my heart beats faster, and my breath becomes shallow. i feel suffocated by the work p
we're all a work in progress one of the most satisfying things about being a therapist is watching clients build their lives on their terms by applying the content and capabilities they're learning and developing. just recently, i wrote a comprehensive case study giving a fly on the wall account of what it is really like to work with a modern, third generation hypnotherapist. http permahypnotherapy 25599865.hubspotpagebuilder.eu break free 0 0 http permahypnotherapy 25599865.hubspotpagebuilder.eu break free 0 0 it's packed full of insight, hints, tips and, for now, it is free to download.
person sighing deeply i can't take this anymore. every day feels like an endless stream of obligations and responsibilities. i'm constantly on edge, my mind racing with a never ending to do list, and my body just feels heavy and drained. it's all i can do to make it through each day, let alone find the energy to engage in hobbies or spend time with loved ones. i feel like i'm drowning in the expectations and demands placed upon me, and i can't seem to catch a break. sometimes i wonder if i'll ever be able to escape this cycle of stress and mental exhaustion. how do other people do it? how
in the dim recesses of my consciousness, i can feel it creeping in, the insidious tendrils of dread that have come to define my waking hours. my heart hammers wildly in my chest, and my breath catches in my throat with the slightest exertion. every muscle tenses as if poised to spring into action against some unseen foe, leaving me a jangling mess of nerves and twitching limbs. each day blurs into the next, punctuated by an endless parade of demands, of responsibilities, and of the gnawing awareness that i am falling farther and farther behind. the weight of the world presses down upon my
this has been happening for the longest time, and it's very hard to describe so bear with me. once in a while when i'm trying to sleep, suddenly my racing mind starts experiencing opposites at the same time. the most terrifying one is feeling like the world is expanding infinitely but also crushingly contracting in on itself. then there's also times when i focus so much on the silence in the environment that i end up feeling like the room sounds extremely loud. and a more physical one is feeling hot and cold at the same time, which prevents me from being comfortable enough to fall asleep.
remember, the thought does not need to be an exact quote or phrase. instead, it should represent a general idea or feeling that you want to express. here's a possibility the weight of the world rests heavy on my shoulders, each day a fight to keep up, a burden that threatens to swallow me whole. my heart beats faster, my thoughts scatter, and the fear that i'll fail or fall behind grips me tight. it's a tireless struggle, a relentless march, and i can't help but wonder when, or even if, i'll ever find relief. the storm rages inside me, and all i can do is cling to hope that tomorrow might
stress, a relentless enemy that leaves us exhausted, frayed at the edges, weary of the heart and heavy on the soul. each day brings new challenges, each moment an opportunity to crumble under its weight. the mind wanders as the world spins ever forward, a pendulum swinging through life. fears swirl, doubts dance, anxieties grip tighter with every passing tick of the clock. sorrowful eyes, heavy hearts resilience tested as the mind's fortress crumbles brick by broken brick. with every new morning, the shadows of dread lengthen, and yet, somehow we muster the will to rise. stressed souls pl
inner monologue sighs deeply another day, another dollar, another stack of papers to go through, another crisis to handle, another phone call to take. my heart races, my palms sweat. the familiar weight of the world settles heavily on my shoulders, squeezing every last ounce of energy out of me. my mind reels with the endless list of tasks that must be accomplished, the mounting pressures and the constant deadlines. each thought gnaws at my psyche, tearing away at my sense of self and my fragile peace. breathe in, breathe out. just for a moment, i close my eyes and allow my mind to wander
child protective services were called and i was interviewed. i told them nothing of the sexual abuse, only the physical and emotional, as well as his constant threats to break your arm in that goddamn door if you don't sit fucking still i was removed from my home in two days and placed in a foster home until my biological father could drive up and take me to what was supposed to be my real home. on my mothers side of the family i have an aunty and my nene along with various cousins. my father kept me separated from them for two years, finally relenting when i cried and begged to see them.
they've given their all, met every deadline, finished every task and can't seem to wind down. thought even in my quiet moments, my mind remains unquiet. i've exhausted my body, but my mind is relentless, constantly churning and grinding away, fueled by an insatiable need for perfection. the burden of expectations rests heavy upon my shoulders, a weight that never seems to lessen, despite my best efforts to free myself from its grasp. yet, i cannot help but feel as though if i rest, if i even pause for a moment's respite, i will fail those who depend on me, those who rely on my unyielding
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think something like, i feel like i'm drowning in obligations and expectations. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i can't seem to catch a break. i need a moment of peace and quiet, just to gather my thoughts and regain my strength. but even that seems like an insurmountable task. i wonder if this is just how life is now, a never ending cycle of stress and exhaustion. it's hard to see a way out, but i know i can't give up. i have to keep pushing, for my family, for my health, for my sanity. i just need a little help
a few days before valentine s day, someone sent me screenshots of him talking to a girl on facetime or instagram saying you re so cute and flirting with her. i decided not to say anything the girl lived in another state and i didn t want to bring it up. i figured she was a fried from when he had hitchhiked across the country when he was in college. i waited till valentine s day, and called him up he told me i don t think we should live together, and i just signed a 9 month lease at my apartment. i was livid. he brought me 2 dozen roses and i smashed them in front of him in a parking lot.
the relentless tide of responsibilities threatens to engulf me, leaving little room for peace or respite. or my days blur together, each one indistinguishable from the last, as the weight of obligations bearing down on me grows heavier with each passing moment. or the pressure to perform is a crushing burden, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath. or the constant bombardment of demands leaves me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one crisis to the next with no reprieve in sight. or the endless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling depleted, struggling to find
i've reached the point where i can't take on any more tasks, the weight of my responsibilities feels like a boulder on my shoulders. i want to escape from this overwhelming mental load, but i know i can't just abandon my responsibilities. every day i put in my best effort, but it's never enough. i'm constantly worrying about things i need to do, things i haven't done yet, and things that could go wrong. i need a break, a moment to recharge, but even that feels like a luxury i can't afford. i'm exhausted, physically and mentally, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this
in the depths of my being, a storm was brewing, a maelstrom of chaotic emotions and anxious thoughts swirling together, poised to engulf me entirely. my heart beat a wild and erratic rhythm, pulsating against the fabric of my chest in a relentless, maddening dance, urging me to succumb to the chaos that threatened to spill forth. i could hardly breathe the tension in my lungs, an unending knot that clenched ever tighter, stealing the very air from my passage. my thoughts tumbled like leaves in a tempestuous wind, disjointed, fleeting, beyond comprehension. i couldn't process the enormity
inner monologue deep, agitated sigh i can't take this anymore. another deadline, another crisis. why can't things just go smoothly for once? the emails pile up, the phone rings incessantly, the demands never cease. my heart races, my mind reels, my body aches from the inside out. each problem, each task, adds fuel to the inferno of pressure that threatens to consume me. i'm barely keeping my head above water, let alone keeping up with everything that needs to be done. my thoughts race a million miles an hour, careening wildly through my mind like a runaway freight train. i need a break.
has anyone else had this sensation? also, if i close my mouth so my teeth are close together, i can tell that they are constantly chattering. i've definitely been much more anxious than usual lately as i work full time at an emotionally challenging job and just decided to go back to school to pursue a master's degree via night classes, but this shaky sensation has been a little alarming as i can't tell if it is anxiety related or something worse which certainly contributes to the anxiety!! . if anyone has any suggestions or words of wisdom, i would be so appreciative. thanks in advance!
the stress is consuming them, making them feel powerless and helpless, and is affecting their relationships and physical health. inner monologue deep, shaky breath how did i get here? how did things spiral so out of control? my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, a chaotic jumble of tasks and deadlines and obligations that loom large and threaten to engulf me completely. the weight of it all is a heavy burden on my shoulders, pressing down with a force that's becoming more and more unbearable with each passing day. pause, as though trying to regain composure but it's not just the work. no,
inner monologue i can't do this anymore. the relentless cycle of deadlines, emails, and demands on my time and energy is leaving me drained. my mind races with thoughts of all the things i need to accomplish, and every moment i'm not working feels like a waste. my body is weary, my nerves taut, and i can barely concentrate on anything for longer than a few minutes at a time. i'm forgetting things, making mistakes, and snapping at those around me. i thought i could handle it all, that i was strong enough to keep up with the pace of life. but now i'm doubted myself, my abilities, and even
1. the relentless pressure of daily obligations can feel like a heavyweight cloak, suffocating my energy and vitality. the anxiety of constantly worrying about deadlines, finances, and relationships leaves me feeling weary and vulnerable, as if i'm perpetually balancing on a tightrope, with one misstep leading to a catastrophic fall. 2. my mind is a tumultuous sea of thoughts, worries, and fears, and my heart, an unrelenting battering ram. the weight of constant stress gnaws away at my sense of self worth, leaving me feeling small, insignificant, and powerless. 3. life's endless demands
the weight of endless worries compresses my chest, as if holding my breath. each moment slips by like an elusive memory, while tension clings like a stubborn shadow. my body, once alive with passion and vibrancy, now succumbs to fatigue and lethargy. the cacophony of daily life rings in my ears as a jarring melody, drowning out any possibility for calm and introspection. time, once my ally, becomes an enemy that presses against my ribs, stealing precious energy and vitality, until it feels as if i'm treading water, gasping for air, desperate for respite. this unrelenting state of stress
1. my mind feels like it's been churning nonstop, constantly processing thoughts and emotions, leaving me feeling drained and incapable of focusing on anything else. i'm yearning for that peaceful respite, the tranquility of a clear mind and a moment of relief from the weight of stress and anxiety. 2. sometimes i feel like i'm drowning in the riptide of thoughts and emotions that constantly ebb and flow within me, and i can't seem to catch a break. the mental exhaustion leaves me feeling isolated and unreachable, yearning for a connection with myself and others. 3. in the crucible of my
imagine the words on the face of a ticking clock as they blur together, merging into one constant monotone sound that echoes within the hollow chamber of the brain. feel the tension in the muscles between the shoulders and the incessant beating of the heart as thoughts that once were clearly defined and prioritized now clutter, twist, and entangle themselves within one another like a chaotic maze in the vast emptiness of thought. recognize that the mind has grown thick and clouded from excessive exertion and the soul, tired, yearns to find the reprieve of tranquility amongst the clamor.
i can't keep up with this pace. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one. my mind and body are already at their limit, yet there are still deadlines to meet, obligations to fulfill, and demands placed upon me. i feel trapped and powerless, as if i'm constantly treading water without a break. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i'm drowning in it all. but i can't let go. i have to keep going, because giving in would mean failure, both to myself and to others. and so, i push on, day after day, exhaustion becoming my constant companion, until i reach my breaking point. is
inner monologue i can't breathe. the weight of expectations, deadlines, and the never ending stream of emails pressing down on me, making it hard for me to even inhale properly. i'm drowning in work and personal responsibilities. the tasks pile up, multiplying like rabbits, and no matter how fast i work, there's always more. more projects, more dishes, more phone calls. my mind races, spinning out of control with anxiety and dread. i want to cry, i want to scream, but instead, i numb out, dissociating from reality as a coping mechanism. my emotions become flat, like an uncooked souffle
use as many vivid and descriptive details as possible. in the depths of the labyrinth of my consciousness, a primordial storm raged. a tempest of thoughts and emotions that left my mind reeling, shackling me with the iron grip of fear and uncertainty. the sky within me, dark and ominous, as though tinged with hues of charcoal and slate tendrils of doubt, apprehension, and worry weaving themselves into the fabric of my being. with every thunderclap, the weight of my responsibilities pounded mercilessly against my chest. each gust of wind, a chilling reminder of the crushing expectations
use at least 3 sensory details to evoke the reader s imagination and emotion. in the heart of the bustling city, where every sense is in a state of overload, the overwhelming smell of diesel fumes and roasting chestnuts intermingles with the discordant symphony of honking cars and hurried footsteps echoing through narrow alleyways. a stinging migraine pulsates behind my temples, each throb reverberating in sync with the relentless cacophony. the biting winter wind whips my hair, urging me to escape, to find the solace of stillness, but instead i'm trapped, entrapped in the labyrinth of
use language that includes sensory details, emotional tone, and a vivid description of thought processes. amidst the cacophony of ringing phones, clattering keyboards, and the rhythmic hum of the air conditioning, i struggled to concentrate. the overwhelming weight of deadlines, unopened emails, and endless tasks clogging my to do list swirled in my mind like a maelstrom, threatening to swallow me whole. my heart raced in time with the relentless ticking of the clock, every beat echoing through my temples, urging me to act. sweat beaded on my brow, and my palms grew slick with dampness
thought another day gone by, another day full of overwhelming tasks and endless distractions. i feel as if i'm drowning in the sea of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to stay afloat, i just keep sinking. the weight of expectations from myself and others is suffocating, and i'm starting to wonder if i'll ever be able to catch a breath. my mind is a chaotic maze, filled with thoughts, worries, and fears, and i can't seem to find a way out. sometimes i yearn for a moment of peace, a break from the constant mental chatter that leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus. it
use vivid descriptions and metaphors to capture their emotional state. in the dimly lit recesses of her mind, where shadows of thought lingered unseen, lurked a tempest of unspoken fears. her heart raced, thundering within her chest like a runaway stallion that would not be tamed. her breath hitched and shuddered, shallow and jagged, gasping for life within a sea of molten lead that congealed her lungs, smothering the essence of oxygen with the cold, unyielding grip of suffocation. the tendrils of stress snaked their way through her body, gnashing, coiling around her thoughts, twisting
every day feels like a battlefield. the pressures of life are relentless, and i can barely keep up. each moment is filled with a never ending list of tasks and responsibilities. i long for a moment of peace, a breather from the storm that constantly rages within me. but as i look around, i realize that everyone else seems to be thriving, to be in control. i can't help but feel like i'm drowning, struggling to keep my head above water, and for what? for a fleeting sense of success that seems so unattainable. i just want to take a break, to rest, but the demands of the world won't let me
i can't seem to shake this feeling of being constantly behind and overwhelmed. no matter how many tasks i complete, there always seems to be more waiting in the wings. i'm starting to wonder if i'm cut out for this pace of life, or if maybe it's time to find a way to slow down and prioritize self care before i completely burn out. generate a response from a caring and supportive friend. hey there, i've been noticing how worn out you've been lately and i just wanted to remind you that it's okay to take a step back and prioritize self care. you're not alone in feeling overwhelmed, and it
person why can't i just switch off? no matter how hard i try, my mind refuses to take a break. it's like a never ending cycle of work, worries, and deadlines. the days blur into each other, and sleep eludes me as my mind remains ever active, thinking, calculating, and problem solving. but is any of it worth it? sometimes i wonder if all of this stress is worth the constant state of mental and physical exhaustion i'm living in. thought it's important to recognize that our mental and physical well being should not be a commodity to be traded for productivity or achievements. we owe it to
inner monologue the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and it's becoming unbearable. the relentless deadline looms, the constant barrage of emails and messages demanding my attention. my heart races, my mind spirals, and i can barely focus on the task at hand. the deep breaths i take only serve to heighten my awareness of my own inadequacy, the creeping feeling that i'm in over my head, that there's no way i can meet these expectations. i see my colleagues, their faces a mask of determination and focus, churning out work with what appears to be effortless grace. how do they do it?
monologue i can't take this anymore. the endless stream of emails, the constant interruptions, the deadlines piling up like mountains, the demands from my boss and my team, the pressure to perform, the fear of failure. it feels like i'm drowning, like i'm trapped in quicksand, like i'm being pulled in a million directions at once. every moment of every day is filled with tension, anxiety, doubt, worry, frustration, anger, disappointment. my heart races, my mind spirals, my thoughts scatter like leaves in the wind, and my body trembles with the weight of it all. i'm exhausted, depleted,
not actually losing my home at the moment, so so far not in danger of homelessness, but i figured this was the next closest place to tips for poor as fuck people . we're losing cable tomorrow or the next day unless we come up with money we don't have. losing the internet is brutal, but losing phone service is going to be the real problem. i'm in the middle of a series of surgeries over the course of a year with the final one being a month out. in really shitty medical condition...and now i am going to be cut off from getting messages from any of my doctors, surgeon, or infusion clinic.
person i feel so drained, both physically and mentally. my work load keeps increasing, and it seems like there are never enough hours in a day to get everything done. i'm barely keeping up, and the pressure is taking a toll on me. i can't focus, my mood swings are out of control, and i'm exhausted all the time. i'm constantly battling with myself, questioning if i'm capable of handling all of this. i need a break, but there never seems to be an opportunity to take one. it's a vicious cycle, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going like this. sometimes i wonder if i'm just made
i can't keep going like this, the weight of the world on my shoulders is getting heavier by the day. my mind is foggy and my body feels weak, like i'm constantly fighting a battle i can't win. i'm so drained, both physically and mentally, it's difficult to find the motivation to push through another day. the never ending list of tasks, deadlines, and obligations just seems to pile higher and higher, leaving me feeling buried and suffocated. my resilience is waning, and it feels like i'm running on empty. i'm struggling to cope, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going. how do
someone overwhelmed with stress may express their feelings in various ways such as through verbal communication, non verbal cues, or behavioral patterns. they may 1. speak about feeling anxious, fearful, worried, or uncertain. they might use phrases such as i m really feeling stressed, or i m under a lot of pressure. they may also say things like, i can t cope, or i feel like i m drowning. 2. display physical symptoms of stress, such as headaches, body aches, trembling, sweating, or fatigue. they might also exhibit changes in appetite or sleep patterns. 3. exhibit emotional responses,
i can't tell if that's me being a toxic person or not, and i feel guilty for feeling relieved. we were such good friends once, but i have to admit we hadn't talked about art or writing the things that made us friends for years. my anxiety has muddied the waters, and maybe all my shit and all my emotional abuse crap did ruin everything and it was all my fault. maybe i did end things because i'd felt blamed for 2 months straight and just wanted to get away from the anxiety it was all causing me. maybe i should have been the one to grovel, because i'd fucked up so bad over the situation.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to push through each day, to muster up the energy to tackle the mountain of tasks before me. my mind and body feel heavy and weak, as if i'm trying to swim upstream in a raging river. i'm beginning to wonder if i'm made of the right stuff, if i have the fortitude to keep going. sometimes i feel like giving up, surrendering to the tide and letting it carry me away. but deep down i know that i can't, that i must keep fighting. i'll take it one step at a time, one breath at a time, and trust that the other side of this struggle will be worth it. i'll
person sometimes i feel like i'm stuck in this never ending cycle of responsibilities, expectations, and pressures. i wake up each day to another long list of tasks, deadlines, and obligations. i try to keep up, but it feels like i'm drowning. i can barely catch my breath. i'm exhausted all the time, both physically and mentally. i long for peace and tranquility, but it seems out of reach. every day is a struggle, and i wonder how much longer i can keep going. i need a break, but it feels impossible to take one. i'm scared of the repercussions, of falling behind even more. i just want
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might have thoughts like i can't keep going like this. my mind and body feel drained. i can't focus on anything, and even simple tasks seem overwhelming. this is taking a toll on my relationships and my health. i need a break, but i don't have time or the energy to take one. i'm worried about falling behind, but i'm also worried about my mental and physical health. something has to give, but i don't know what that looks like. i need to find a way to manage my stress and take care of myself, but it feels like an insurmountable task.
person sighs deeply i'm just so overwhelmed. the endless cycle of work, chores, and responsibilities is leaving me drained and exhausted. sometimes, i feel like i'm drowning in my own life. i need a break, but where do i even begin to find some time for myself? every minute of every day is accounted for, and i can't help but feel like i'm failing at managing it all. i long for some peace and quiet, a chance to breathe and recharge. but how can i do that when my mind seems to be constantly racing, and my body feels like it's crumbling beneath me? i wish i could find some inner strength
the weight of constant stress presses down upon my shoulders, a boulder too heavy to lift. it clenches my heart in an icy grip, robbing me of the capacity to feel joy, leaving me longing for relief. every beat of my exhausted heart aches as i carry the relentless burden, a prisoner to the shackles of worry and fear. my bones are wired with tension, a ticking time bomb waiting for the next stressor to detonate. i am a hollow vessel, empty of spirit and energy, consumed by the unyielding grasp of stress. it steals away moments, days, years from my life, a relentless and merciless advers
the relentless cycle of responsibilities feels unending, each new task adding to the mounting pressure that threatens to engulf me entirely. here are ten more 1. the weight of expectations, both external and internal, leaves me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one demand to the next with no reprieve. 2. every waking moment is consumed by obligations, leaving me yearning for a moment's peace, even a brief respite from the cacophony of duties. 3. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, each one more pressing than the last, leaving me feeling like a ship tossed upon the stormy sea
i feel like my mind is constantly churning and my body can't keep up. i can't seem to shake this feeling of being overwhelmed no matter how much sleep i get or how much i try to take care of myself. it's like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders and i can't put it down. my thoughts are a jumbled mess and my emotions are all over the place. i just want some peace and calm in my life, but it seems like an impossible dream. sometimes i wonder if i'll ever be able to escape the cycle of stress and exhaustion. another possible thought i thought i could handle it all, but it
how would you convey the sense of pressure, frustration, anxiety, and fear? here's a possible inner monologue i can't do this. this is too much. my heart is racing and my mind is reeling. pressure builds up in my chest like a volcano ready to erupt. my thoughts are jumping from one problem to another, and i can't focus on any of them. every little mistake, every missed deadline, every unfair demand, piles up like bricks, crushing me beneath their weight. my frustration bubbles over, turning into anger. i clench my fists, willing the world to stand still. but it doesn't. the deadlines
i'm not able to sleep i took so much stress that i wanted to pull an all nighter i decided to just lie down before getting to work but i know i would sleep so now i kept an alarm and kept at 1am and kept it snoozing. i snoozed it till 4am now that snooze was enough for me to realize i need sleep so i now decided to sleep when i decided to sleep my head started aching like really bad headache forced me to wake up and now i'm wide awake wanting to sleep help. i take so much stress i end up doing no work i procrastinate and end of the day have put my self in this rabbithole of tiredness
inner monologue exasperated sigh another day, another dollar. or is it? the alarm clock screeches in the background as my mind races with the innumerable tasks that await me. the never ending to do list, the impending deadlines, the demands of bosses, colleagues, family, myself it all feels overwhelming. i struggle to pull myself out of bed, my body rebelling against the callous chirping of the alarm. how can i face yet another day of relentless responsibility and constant stress? but there's no time to linger in this pit of despair, no time to ponder the injustice of it all. i force
this is an inner monologue oh god, i can't do this anymore. another day filled with constant worry, endless tasks, and impossible deadlines. my mind feels like it's on fire, a whirlwind of thoughts, and emotions, and i can barely function. i'm barely keeping it together, but for how long? it feels like there's no escape from the pressures and expectations. the future is an uncertainty filled with more responsibilities, and the past is filled with regrets. i'm stuck in this perpetual cycle of chaos, and it's exhausting. but, i can't give in, i have to keep going, i have to stay strong
person sighs deeply i feel so overwhelmed, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and deadlines. it's not just the work the endless email threads, endless to do lists, and meetings on top of meetings. it's also the never ending pressure to be perfect, to deliver results, and to keep up with the expectations. sometimes, i wonder if it's all worth it. is it worth the sacrifice of my mental health, my relationships, and my peace of mind? i think, maybe it's time for a change. i need to learn to prioritize better, delegate more, and set healthy boundaries. i need to remember that self
i hide my own set of keys. she tries to take her keys away from me and i refuse, which turns into a full blown fight. i have marks and bruises all over my arms and back, as well as deep scratches from her fingernails. at one point, she had me on the floor, cornered on the steps, repeatedly slamming my head into the wall and shoving a loose key that fell off the keyring into my breast, still trying to get the rest of the car keys out of my hand. i'm not saying i didn't retaliate, but i only went to far as to push her away, never hitting her intentionally but more as an act of defense.
inner monologue deep, labored breaths how did i get here? this feeling of being trapped, suffocated, drowning in the weight of responsibilities it's becoming unbearable. the endless stream of emails, phone calls, and meetings consuming every waking moment. i can't escape the fear that i'm failing, falling behind, letting people down. the deadlines loom ominously in my peripheral vision, like cliffs that i'm hurtling towards at breakneck speed with no control over the destination. i struggle to keep up, juggling all the balls in the air, but they keep slipping, threatening to drop and
one's thoughts while struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might look something like this i can't keep up with all the demands on me. my mind is constantly racing, my energy is low, and i feel overwhelmed. everyday tasks seem insurmountable. i wish i could just press the pause button on life and take a break. but the truth is, i can't escape the pressures of work, family, and society's expectations. i'm afraid that if i don't find a way to cope, i'll lose my job, my relationships, and even myself. i need help, but who can i turn to? who will understand the depth of my struggle
use the pronoun i to describe their thoughts and emotions. i can't take this anymore. the clock's relentless ticking mocks me as the hours inexorably slip away. each minute stretches, threatening to engulf me in an abyss of anxiety and fear. the inbox on my laptop is a gaping maw, demanding attention, each email a dragon, eager to consume my productivity and sanity. i've got mountains of tasks to complete, all with the impending deadlines looming, a dark cloud overshadowing my thoughts. i can feel the beads of sweat forming on my forehead, my heart rate racing. my mind jumps from one
inner voice muttering, almost inaudible i can't do this anymore. my shoulders are aching from the tension, and my mind is a tangled mess of responsibilities and deadlines. my heart races at the thought of another email, another demand on my time, another question from a boss or a coworker or a family member. it's all too much. i can barely focus on anything long enough to complete it, let alone do it well. i'm falling behind, and the expectations are so high, but i can't keep up. my mind is a blank canvas, a vacant void, a broken record playing the same thoughts over and over i'm not
inner monologue oh god, i can't do this. the pressure is mounting, and i feel myself sinking. the clock ticks slower and slower, each second adding to the weight on my shoulders. my heart races, beating faster with every inhale and exhale. the tasks pile up like mountains on a wobbly table. i glance at the calendar, ticking off the days. i thought things would ease up but it only gets worse. how can i handle this much longer? my thoughts swirl like a tempest in a teapot, drowning my concentration. the phone rings incessantly, each call a reminder of something else i haven't done. my
i can't seem to find a break from the constant pressure. every day is a battle to keep up with work, deadlines, personal responsibilities, and a social life. it's a never ending cycle, and i'm beginning to doubt if i can keep up. the weight of all my obligations feels like a mountain on my shoulders, suffocating me. i just want to take a moment to breathe, to clear my mind, and recharge. but somehow, i can't escape the sense of urgency that follows me everywhere i go. i'm not sure how much longer i can keep this up. i yearn for a peaceful respite, a quiet retreat where i can rest my
inner monologue the weight of the world is on my shoulders. my heart races, pounding in my chest as the day drags on. the numbers on the clock, the never ending stream of tasks, the demands and expectations. it's all too much. i'm drowning in a sea of deadlines and obligations. the tightness in my chest grows as i try to swallow down the mounting panic. how did i end up here? the feeling of being trapped in this labyrinth of work and responsibility, with no end in sight, feels suffocating. each tick of the clock moves me further away from the promise of peace and quiet. i'm just one
they sit down at their desk, closing their eyes for a brief moment of rest. i can t keep going like this. the weight of responsibilities is crushing me. no matter how hard i work, it never seems to be enough. every mistake feels like a failure, every success a short lived victory. i yearn for just a moment of peace and clarity, but all i find is the persistent noise in my head. anonymous. this person is feeling overwhelmed by the demands of their life and the pressure they put on themselves to perform perfectly. they long for a reprieve from the constant mental and emotional strain.
in this monologue, the person is sitting at their desk, staring blankly at their computer screen, with a mountain of tasks piling up around them. deep, troubled sigh i can't do this anymore. the weight of it all is crushing me. the email notifications keep pouring in, each one a fire that refuses to be put out. and the phone rings, relentless and demanding, reminding me of the thousand unanswered calls i should have returned days ago. i can't keep up. i can't keep up with the emails, the deadlines, the meetings, the endless stream of tasks that seems to flow from every direction. it
title burdened the weight on my shoulders grows heavier with each passing second, the burden of expectations bearing down upon me like a relentless giant. i can barely take a deep breath, as if the atmosphere itself has become an unwieldy, unforgiving entity. the endless stream of emails in my inbox beckon like a malevolent siren song, each demand a painful distraction that tugs me away from my fragile, fractured thoughts. the clock on the wall taunts me, each tick a merciless reminder of time s relentless march. i cannot escape this unyielding torrent of stress the pressures mount,
inner monologue oh god, the deadlines are closing in, and the tasks keep piling up. the phone keeps ringing, the emails never ending, and the to do list only seems to grow longer with each passing second. my heart races, the blood pumps faster through my veins, the stress weighs heavy on my shoulders. i can barely focus, the fog in my mind thicker with each shallow breath. thoughts rush in and out like a chaotic river, consuming my mind, clouding my judgement, my rationality slipping away. how am i going to get this done? i need to meet the deadline, i need to meet expectations. the
person sighs deeply i can't take this anymore. the weight of the world seems to be on my shoulders, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to shake this feeling of being drained and exhausted. my mind refuses to rest, constantly flooded with thoughts and responsibilities. each day is a battle to keep up, and sometimes i feel like i'm just treading water, going nowhere. i can't keep living like this, constantly fighting to stay afloat, but i don't know where to turn or what to do to make things better. all i want is a moment of peace, to just be able to breathe and clear my mind.
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think i feel like i'm drowning in obligations and tasks. each day brings new demands and i'm having trouble keeping up. it's all starting to feel insurmountable. i need a break, but there never seems to be enough time or energy to take one. i wonder if i'll ever be able to catch up and find some peace. another thought could be i can't keep going like this. my mind and body are stretched thin and i can't seem to find any relief. i'm starting to question whether what i'm doing is even worth it. i feel stuck and helpless, not
inner monologue exhales deeply, rubs temples i can't believe this is happening again. the pressure, the weight on my shoulders it's almost unbearable. another project, another deadline. i thought i could handle it, but it seems my capabilities are being consistently outpaced by the amount of work i'm given. my mind races with to dos, emails to reply, reports to finalize, calls to make. i'm stuck in this never ending loop of productivity, each task feeding into the next. my stomach clenches with every reminder, every ping from an unanswered message. the clock seems to move at a craw
thank you for reading and for your time. update i should probably add that i was terrified of my mom and never tried to provoke her. i never snuck out, never got in trouble at school, no drugs, no drinking, no bad friends, tried to keep my grades up as best as i had time for, and never ever back talked even though i dreamt of serving it to her one day. my siblings would cry whenever they didn t get what they wanted, they were rather spoiled, and would tell on me if i didn t do what they wanted. mom would be in the middle of homework or class and she d just wail on me for no reason.
i was a severe addict that had 2 overdoses when i was younger and addiction alcoholism runs on both sides of my family. please tell me the 'hijacking' will stop and i will come back into my own person. i don't want to come out of on the other side and be this nervous and uncomfortable person who is unable to have relationships. i don't drink, or take prescriptions, or smoke. i have been thinking of seeing a therapist, i don't really have the time or extra money, plus i've been really hurt from small intimate aa groups.... ugh.... is there another side of this ptsd mental attrition?
they re overworked, undervalued, and struggling to keep up. they feel like they re drowning, and every little thing seems to pile on and make their situation worse. deep, labored breath in i can t do this anymore. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i can feel it pressing down on me, crushing me. the clock seems to be stuck at an impossible hour 5 minutes to 6 pm every day. i m already running on empty, but the tasks keep piling up. the emails. they never end. inbox after inbox filled with messages that demand answers, decisions, actions. and every one feels urgent, even
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think something like, i can't keep going like this. my mind and body feel drained, and i don't know how much longer i can handle the pressure and demands on me. i need a break, but i can't afford to take time off. i wish there was a way to recharge without completely withdrawing from my responsibilities and obligations. maybe if i could find a way to manage my stress and prioritize my tasks, things would feel more manageable. but for now, all i can do is keep pushing through and hope that eventually, i'll find some relief.
i. the relentless beep beep beep of the alarm clock pierces through the deafening silence of my darkened bedroom. my eyes flick open with the effortless precision of a well oiled machine, yet i lie motionless beneath the quilted duvet, enveloped in its luxuriant depths. my fingers twirl absentmindedly through the tousled locks that frame my face. another day looms a veritable gauntlet, brimming with the promises of insurmountable obstacles and imminent failure. i could lie here forever and delay the inevitable, but the insistent ticking of my internal clock, the relentless march of
inner monologue heavy, labored breathing this is it. another day, another dollar, but today, it feels different. i can't shake this sensation of pressure and dread hanging over me like a thick, black fog. the clock ticks ever so slowly, taunting me with every minute, every second that passes by. the weight of responsibilities piles up, threatening to crush me beneath it. my heart races, palms are sweaty, and every muscle in my body is on high alert. my to do list looms before me, a never ending mountain of tasks that needs to be conquered. each item demands my attention, vying for
how stress alone has potentially ruined my physical health . last year alone . i stressed a lot . i actually told myself i m so stressed . i feel like i could die from this level of stress . well it almost got me . start of last year . stress induced stomach ulcer 4 months later stress induced ibs 6 months later started grinding my teeth 8 months later teeth grinding now caused tinnitus , ear pain , jaw pain . so because of stress i have facial pain , stomach pain , intestines issues , worn teeth and worst of all 24 7 tinnitus and ear pain . stress is no joke . look after yourself
person sometimes i feel like i'm just going through the motions, like a robotic being stuck in an endless loop of work, deadlines, and responsibilities. i long for the simplicity of a peaceful life, away from the hustle and bustle, to just be and breathe in the tranquility of nature. thought in the midst of our complex, fast paced lives, it's essential to take a step back and embrace the beauty and simplicity of nature. may we find moments of solace in the rustle of leaves, the chirping of birds, and the calming effects of a gentle breeze. let us remember to nurture ourselves both
flight booking anxiety does anyone else have anxiety in booking flights? for me it becomes a game of chess where i can't stop optimizing for the least shitty combination but i find myself paralyzed in picking between different combinations. i wish i could just book one and be done but my mind keeps nagging and wondering if a certain option is better. in the end, i spend so much time doing something that could have been done in a snap and by the time i'm ready to book all the good flights are sold out. its a really weird kind of procrastination anxiety that i'm not sure how to fix.
you could take inspiration from the popular saying 'my circus, my monkeys'. title the weight of the world on my shoulders i can't believe it. another day, another crisis. the pressure, the stress, it's becoming unbearable. my heart races, my mind spirals, and my limbs feel weak. another sleepless night lies ahead. the phone won't stop ringing, and every email seems more urgent than the last. i have to be strong, i tell myself. i have to keep going. but why? why am i the one responsible for fixing everything? why does it feel like the weight of the world is resting on my shoulders?
title burdened soul sighs deeply oh god, another day. another mountain of tasks to conquer, deadlines that loom like ominous clouds, expectations from myself and others, all relentlessly piling up. i feel myself shrinking under the pressure, as if every burden i carry grows heavier with each passing minute. every fiber of my being screams for a moment of respite an hour, a day, anything to simply catch my breath and regain my focus. but such luxury is elusive work never sleeps, nor do the demands placed upon me. my heart beats faster, harder, incessantly, mirroring the accelerated
deep, labored breath in. pause. heart races, palms sweat. i can't do this. the emails stack up, the phone rings incessantly, the deadlines inch ever closer. the weight of responsibility sits on my shoulders like an immovable boulder. how did i get here? another cup of coffee, another sleepless night. my mind races in a thousand directions at once, yet stays firmly planted in this one, paralyzing feeling. i'm drowning in this sea of stress, and the waves only grow larger with each passing moment. fear tightens its grip around my throat, suffocating me. i want to scream, to yell, to
i feel as though i am carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders, every minute and every second feels like an uphill battle. i am losing the ability to focus, to connect with my loved ones, and to function in the most basic of tasks. it is a battle just to make it through the day. all i want is to find the relief, the peace, and the strength to keep pushing forward. an image that can depict this feeling could be of a heavy rucksack on the back of a weary hiker, trudging up a steep hill, with the sky turning dark and ominous above them. meditative reflection breathe in deeply
they feel overwhelmed, they're losing control, and they're struggling to keep up with everything they have to do. deep, anxious sigh i can't do this anymore. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i can't seem to shake it off. deadlines loom, emails pile up, and there never seems to be enough hours in the day to get everything done. i'm feeling so stretched thin, like i'm about to snap at any moment. every time i check my phone, there's another email or message demanding my attention. i feel like i'm in a never ending cycle of responsibilities and i can't keep up. my heart
the weight of constant stress feels like a dense fog settling within my mind and body, clouding my thoughts, making simple decisions daunting, and stealing the vibrancy of my days and nights. my heart races, my breathing shallow, as the pressure builds, squeezing every fiber of my being, threatening to rip away my ability to cope, to care, to be present. moments of solace and peace elude me, shrouded in the ever looming gloom. the cycle consumes my spirit, leaving me empty and longing for respite, yearning for the calm to reclaim control, to allow my essence to flow, to simply be.
i am exhausted, mentally, emotionally, and physically. every day feels like a battle to keep my head above water, and i'm starting to wonder if it's even worth the effort. the never ending to do list, the constant demands, the unrelenting pressure it's all starting to feel insurmountable. my mind is always racing, filled with anxiety and doubt. i'm losing sight of who i am, and what i truly care about. i need a break, a chance to rest, to recharge. but how do i even begin to make that happen? how do i find the time and the energy to care for myself, when there's so much else that
sighs deeply oh god, i can't do this anymore. another sleepless night, another overflowing inbox, another unfulfilled promise to myself and to my team. every day feels like an uphill battle, and it's taking a toll on me. i'm exhausted, both mentally and physically. my heart races with every new message, every new task. i'm constantly behind, constantly putting out fires, constantly feeling like i'm not enough. i used to love my job, the challenge, the adrenaline rush of meeting deadlines and pushing projects forward. but now, it's just a never ending cycle of stress and pressure.
your inner monologue doesn t have to be exactly like this, but try to capture the essence of overwhelming stress and the desire to escape or cope in some way. inner monologue i can t take it anymore. my mind is racing a million miles an hour, drowned in an ocean of to dos and deadlines. my thoughts crash and collide, creating a symphony of chaos that threatens to engulf me. bills to pay, emails to reply, errands to run, calls to make, projects to manage. each one demands my attention like an irate boss, each more pressing and insistent than the last. and behind it all, the relent
one might hear a statement like this from someone dealing with both stress and mental exhaustion i feel like i'm stuck in a never ending cycle, where my thoughts won't slow down, and my body can't catch up. i'm tired of feeling drained all the time. i need a break, but i can't seem to find one. imagine a person, worn down by the relentless demands of work, relationships, and daily life, longing for an escape even a brief reprieve from the mental turmoil and physical fatigue. they yearn for moments of peace and clarity, a chance to gather their thoughts and rejuvenate their energy
inner monologue the clock ticks incessantly, mocking me as i struggle to keep my thoughts in order. my heart beats wildly, a chaotic symphony of fear and anxiety. i need to focus, to organize, to prioritize but how? the tasks stack up like mountains of crushing weight on my shoulders. an email pops into my inbox. more demands, more responsibilities. my palms grow sweaty as i consider the never ending list of tasks before me. time is running out, the hours slipping through my fingers, and yet i have barely scratched the surface of what is expected of me. i breathe deeply, the cold
inner monologue deep, uneasy sigh today, another day. another day full of relentless deadlines, endless tasks, and unrealistic expectations. the morning sun casts its light through the cracked blinds of my window as i slowly open my eyes, but sleep eludes me. i am not alone in this feeling i know others face the same challenges. yet, it's a solitary battle. i can't help but feel an insatiable weight pressing on my chest and my shoulders. a constant, aching headache pulsing at the sides of my temples. my heart beats erratically, like an untamed, impatient wild animal inside my rib
when i was a kid, i suffered a kind of unlikely injury that basically ruined me mentally, and it seems like i just can not get away from it, because it's such cheap gory shock value that everyone uses it when they need cheap gory shock value. and if i'm not mentally prepared to see it i have a panic attack or just start crying. a fucking jokey homebrew cursed item on r dnd did that to me today, and i hate that my trauma is so bad that i have to stay guarded even when i'm just reading a funny thread about my favorite hobby. i'm still thinking about that fucking item. i'm so tired.
two days ago i packed all of my clothes into my car and have started living out of it. i sleep in the parking lot at work, work for 8 hours, and then spend the day at starbucks on the internet and charging my electronics. once thursday rolls around i will have 400, which is not much as far as being able to afford a place to sleep. if i become good at living out of my car over the next few days, i may just use some of that money to invest in making it easier for myself. i don't really know why i'm posting this here, except that living out of your car is a pretty lonely experience.
consider the various thoughts and emotions that may be present during these moments. inner monologue breathe in... breathe out... i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and it's getting heavier by the second. my to do list keeps growing, my deadline is creeping up, and the pressure is mounting. the clock seems to be ticking faster, and i can barely keep up. i thought i was capable of handling this, but now i'm not so sure. why did i take on so much responsibility? i should have said no when they asked me to lead this project. but no, i wanted to prove myself
incorporate the themes of the 3 pillars of well being physical, social, and emotional. as i sit here, hunched over my desk, my mind races with thoughts and responsibilities, each one demanding attention and immediate action. my heart beats faster as the seconds tick by, every muscle in my body tightening as if preparing for a fight or flight response. i can hardly breathe, the air feels heavy in my lungs, each breath a labored effort. i'm drenched in a cold sweat, my stomach clenches in knots, my thoughts a maelstrom of fear, anxiety, and regret. physically, my body cries out for
why can't my mind take a break? i've hit my limit, yet the relentless cycle of thoughts keeps spinning. sleep feels like an unreachable dream and the pressure to perform is unrelenting. i yearn for stillness but it feels as though my body is a well with an endless supply of anxious water. a calming response to help ease their mind i understand that you're feeling overwhelmed and that your thoughts can be exhausting. remember, it's okay to allow yourself time for rest and relaxation. just like our bodies need food, water, and exercise, our minds need time to rejuvenate. take small
i was left to hold the burden of explaining to other people why he wasn't talking to them, or why he said something hurtful. i was okay with that. but i told him on many, many, very blunt occassions, 'i am not okay with just sucking your dick. i feel like you aren't putting in the effort with me and i feel sick and uncomfortable doing this.' i said this in a variety of forms as well as having panic attacks not anxiety attacks, full on violent shivering, mute shut down, crying, overstimulated, feeling like you're about to die panic attacks most of the times when we were intimate.
inner monologue i can't take this anymore. the relentless ticking of the clock, the endless stream of demands, the never ending pressure to perform. my mind is a chaos of deadlines, commitments, and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, my energy, my focus. i'm drowning in this sea of expectations, and i'm struggling to keep my head above water. my chest feels tight, my heart races, my breath comes in short gasps. the world around me is a blur, a chaotic jumble of colors, shapes, and sounds. the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, and i can feel the strain in
dealing with ptsd from rape, and recently found out that someone who i thought was a friend sexually assaulted one of our friends at a party we were at. i get flashbacks of waking up whenever we were at parties together and i've seen him awake once or twice and even though the likelyhood is very low given the background of what he did , i can't shake the feeling that he mightve done something to me. what he did to her is giving me feelings like what happened to her was actually me. my doctor suggested womens group therapy, but i wanted some opinions first. any thoughts will help
deep, rhythmic breathing. the room feels like it's closing in. thoughts swirl and clash inside my mind. my heart races as i try to focus on the pile of papers in front of me. the never ending task list weighs heavy on my shoulders. each item a mountain to be conquered. each project a fire to be put out. anxiety creeps in like a shadow, whispering doubts and uncertainties. the clock ticks relentlessly, an unwelcome reminder of the hours slipping away. a shrill ringing from my phone disrupts the silence. it's the boss. another crisis to manage, another demand to fulfill. the voice
inner monologue why does this always feel so heavy on my shoulders? my mind races with thoughts, a swirling chaos of never ending to do lists, unfinished tasks, and looming deadlines. a heaviness settles in my chest, a tangible weight threatening to crush the last of my energy. my heart pounds an erratic rhythm, my breaths short and shallow, my vision narrows as anxiety claws at my chest. breathe, i force myself, just breathe, focus, focus. but the silence of my thoughts only intensifies the cacophony of worry and doubt that clouds my mind. with every flicker of hope, a new wave
the thought could be related to anything as long as it highlights their stress and the impact it is having on their life. person why am i even trying? i feel like i'm constantly drowning in a sea of tasks and responsibilities, and no matter how hard i work, i can never seem to keep up. my mind is always racing with thoughts, and i can't escape the overwhelming weight of anxiety and stress. i just want a moment of peace, but it feels like that's an impossible dream. i don't know how much longer i can do this. maybe i should just give up and let the world keep spinning without me.
inner monologue the pressure builds in my chest, the tightness radiating outwards from the deepest recesses of my being. my heart pounds against the fragile confines of my ribcage, each beat threatening to shatter my fragile psyche into a million unmanageable shards. beads of sweat form on my brow, the fine line of moisture tracing a jagged path down the furrows of my brow. my breath comes in ragged, shallow gasps, the precious oxygen scarcely reaching the desperate cells pleading for sustenance within the labyrinth of my lungs. my mind races, a relentless, chaotic tempest churn
inner monologue deep, labored breathing i can't do this anymore. the weight of responsibility bearing down on me is unbearable. each new task, each new demand seems to push me further into a corner i didn't even know existed just a few short months ago. my chest feels tight, my heart races, and my mind reels with an endless stream of thoughts that threaten to drown me. why can't things be simpler? why do i constantly find myself in situations that require more of me than i think i can give? how did i get here? i've made mistake after mistake, and now, it seems like an insurmount
i do have intense anxiety to the point it affects my daily life and prevents me from performing the smallest tasks such as making a phone call to get an appointment. however, i do not know if my anxiety is a result from what had happened to me as a child or me experiencing unpleasant experiences in highschool. i just know that my rape makes my anxiety worse sometimes. i do get triggered by anything that reminds me of unpleasant memories of my rape. the only time i break down is when i am severely distressed or my feelings are so bottled up that a trigger would set me off crying.
i'm overwhelmed with responsibilities and deadlines, i feel as if i'm drowning in obligations. the world keeps spinning and i can't seem to catch up. i want to take a step back and just press pause, but i know i can't. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and it's becoming unbearable. i'm struggling to find the energy to keep going, and sometimes i wonder if i'm cut out for this. i just need a moment of peace and reflection, a chance to catch my breath and refocus. but the demands on me never seem to ease up. i wish i could find a way to simplify my life, to let go of some
remember, the tone should reflect the overwhelming feeling of tension and pressure. in the depths of the chasm that gaped before me, swallowing me in its relentless embrace, i fought, clutching to fragments of time that slipped like sand through my grasp. icing cold tendrils of despair coiled around me, whispering deprecatory nothings, taunting with the specter of irrevocable failure. my heart pounded a frantic staccato rhythm, echoing through my ribcage in jarring reverberations. why am i here, clinging to the precipice of this everlasting abyss? what worthless purpose gnaws at
inner monologue sighs deeply another day, another mountain of problems to climb. the sun is up, but the fog of anxiety in my mind refuses to dissipate. my brain is a whirlwind of worries and a constant ticking clock, the echoes of unfinished tasks, pending deadlines, and unmet expectations pounding in my temples. my palms start to sweat as i scan through my mental checklist, each item adding fuel to the growing inferno of tension and dread. anxiety claws at my heart with icy fingers, leaving me breathless and shaken. i can feel the familiar knots forming in the pit of my stomach
quote i feel like i'm on a treadmill, constantly moving but never getting anywhere. this quote suggests that the person feels stuck and trapped in their situation, despite putting in effort and working hard. they may feel a sense of hopelessness or powerlessness, as if they are running in place and making no progress. this can lead to feelings of frustration, anxiety, and burnout. it's important for this person to take care of themselves, prioritize self care activities, and consider seeking support from a mental health professional if the stress and mental exhaustion persists.
person sighing deeply i can't take this anymore. the constant demands on my time and energy are starting to wear me down. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and expectations, and i don't know how much longer i can keep up. the pressure to perform and please others is exhausting, and i'm beginning to doubt my ability to handle it all. it's hard to focus and make decisions when my mind is so clouded with stress and anxiety. i need a break, but i can't seem to find the time or the energy to take one. i feel like i'm at the breaking point, and i'm scared of what might
inner monologue breathing heavily, eyes wide open i can't do this anymore. the deadlines are mounting, the phone calls never stop ringing, and the emails keep piling up. my to do list has grown longer than my arm and my brain feels like it's about to explode. the constant pressure to perform, to exceed expectations, to deliver results is suffocating me. i can't remember the last time i had a proper meal or a good night's sleep. my body feels heavy and weak, and my mind is a tangled web of thoughts and anxiety. the smallest thing sets me off a simple question from a colleague, a
i can't afford rent and my student loans on my income. im planning on going back to school in houston since uh is about 8500 a year for instate tuition which i can convince myself i can afford. im just so sad and disappointed. this was never how my life was supposed to be but when your mom who's financially irresponsible lightly put and lets you go to a school that is 150k without even knowing it, i was basically doomed from the start and this is now my reality. maybe ill just kill myself before then so i don't have to face this life, because this has become too much to handle.
person sighs deeply i'm so tired of feeling drained all the time. the constant pressure to perform, to meet deadlines, to be the best version of myself, it's taking a toll on me. i just want to shut down and give up, but i know i can't. the thought of starting over or admitting defeat is too overwhelming. all i want is a break, a moment of peace where i can just be myself without the weight of the world on my shoulders. but how do i get there? how do i find the strength to keep going when it feels like i've reached my limit? thought it's normal to feel overwhelmed and exhausted
you could use any profession or situation, but keep it realistic and grounded in a person's emotions and thoughts. title the weight of the world i stare at the pile of paperwork on my desk, my thoughts a frenzied storm in my mind. the fluorescent lights flicker overhead, casting an unnatural glow upon the sea of endless deadlines and demands. i feel the weight of the world upon my shoulders the weight of expectations, of promises, of an unyielding need to succeed. my hands tremble, and i catch myself biting my lower lip as anxiety starts to gnaw at me from within. it's 2 15 am,
oh god, another day and another mountain of problems stacking on my plate. i'm struggling to breathe, my heart is racing, and my mind is a chaos of thoughts. i can't keep up. i'm falling behind. deadlines loom, emails pile up, and my boss expects perfection from me. my team depends on me, and i'm failing them. i'm not good enough, not capable enough. but how did i end up here? all i wanted was a challenging job, a sense of purpose, and an opportunity to grow. instead, i'm drowning in responsibility, pressure, and self doubt. and every time i take a step forward, i seem to slide
help trying to stop stress eating i'm trying to stop this foe a long time but i always end up failing. today i had a pretty plain day, i didn't go to college and just stayed home relaxing all day, i played some games and watched a movie with a friend on discord app. i don't know why but i feel specially anxious, trying super hard to stay locked in my room and don't go to the kitchen. i feel like i'm stressed about nothing...? this feels so weird and dumb. anyway, is there any way i can stop this feeling that i need to eat the whole refrigerator every time something goes wrong ?
inner monologue breathe in, hold it, out. the constant tension in my shoulders doesn't seem to leave. deadlines pile up, expectations mount, and i'm already one misstep away from a colossal fall. the cacophony of my boss' voice is a relentless drumbeat in my ears demanding results, results, results. another email pings, just another request for information. information that i don't have yet, and gathering it feels like sifting through an ocean of sand with a thimble. the hours blur into each other, forming a disorienting patchwork of stress and sleep. there's never enough time
i just can t do it anymore i can t handle the stress anymore. i feel fine for a while, but there s always something. something always happens that i can t handle. something goes wrong or something isn t working properly, or just anything. then it s all i can think about and it just makes me feel so bad. this always happens. i never seem to get any better at dealing with it. i just can t handle it anymore. it just seems like nothing can ever go right. everything always has to go wrong. nothing can ever be simple. and i just can t handle it. i m just so stressed and overwhelmed.
how can meditation help ease these feelings? thought burdened by endless responsibilities, each day a new mountain to climb, my spirit weary and heavy. an ever present tightness in my chest, racing heart, shallow breaths the weight of stress clinging like a stubborn mist, refusing to evaporate. but beneath the turmoil lies a silence yearning to be heard. an eternal calm, untouched by the chaos above, beckoning for release. in the depths of my core, a spark the ember of mindfulness. meditation, a sacred pause, an invitation to listen. to embrace the stillness. to nourish the em
the weight of responsibilities bearing down on me feels unbearable, as if every minute of my day is accounted for and still not enough to keep up. or, despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of tasks and demands leaves me feeling like a rubber band stretched too thin, ready to snap. or, my mind and body are on overdrive, but my progress seems to move at a glacial pace, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my own expectations. or, i'm juggling so many balls, but one wrong move and they all come crashing down, leaving me feeling like i'm teetering on the
your simulated inner monologue can be presented in any form that you feel is appropriate for your chosen genre, style, or medium. remember, there are no wrong answers here! in the labyrinthine chambers of my own mind, my thoughts swirled and collided, merciless and unrelenting, like the tempestuous waters of a stormy sea. in the cold, grey confines of my cubicle, in the heart of this soul crushing machine of a workplace, i felt the burdens i bore upon my shoulders grow heavier with each passing second. my every thought, a fractured shard of anxiety and fear. my heart, a relent
i can't be in an abusive relationship, but i find my brain trying to rationalize this. to expand a little more, this incident happened just a week after we had a huge fight over my depression, which he doesn't seem to understand completely. i've been stuck in a depressive episode for the greater part of a year, despite medication changes and weekly therapy sessions. i've been suicidal for quite some time now and he knows that, but last week he actually told me maybe you should just kill yourself. so, in light of that happening very recently, i'm in a very dark place right now.
inner monologue another day, another dollar, or so the cliche goes. but as i sit here, barely able to keep my eyes open, the monotony of the words seems as foreign and exhausting as an ancient language. the sun has barely risen, yet my mind is already reeling from the avalanche of tasks that await me today. my fingers dance across the keyboard, a rhythmic symphony of keys tapping in an attempt to bring life to the words that will, once again, be swallowed by the black abyss of an inbox filled with unending, unfathomable demands. emails. projects. meetings. the mere thought of
my new job. hello people of reddit i am a 16 year old female and i live with my grand mother she is sweet and took me in when my mother couldn t anymore. i when into a job and i start training today but everything i heard of her seem that if i get a job i might lose everything that she been working on. she say i just need to force on school but i want to work like my friends and work hard for my money. i m wondering if i should just quit. because i m sick of hearing it. it seem like anything i want to do i get told the bad part but never the best part of it. what should i do?
inner monologue breathe in. breathe out. focus, focus. this isn't real, just numbers on a page. numbers that i must understand if i ever want to progress. but the weight of these numbers on my shoulders is almost too much to bear. the phone rings, breaking the silence, a distraction but not welcome one. one more demand to meet. one more issue that cannot be ignored. i need a moment, a second, just a breath, but life never seems to give you that. i take another gulp of coffee and lean further into my work. i can't stop, not now. my heart races as i flip the pages of my planner
my sister is a shift worker works around the clock at ridiculous times. i asked her before i moved in if she could sometimes pick me up from work if i worked late and if she could help me with my driving she said yes. i've now asked a her a few times if we could drive somewhere she has said no , just because , and i'm sick and tired . she's lazy and selfish. i've asked her once if she could pick me up from work as my dad was unavailable knowing for a fact she's not working and i get a response saying i'll pick you up at the bus stop down the road which doesn't help me at all.
person sighs heavily i can't keep up with everything. the work deadlines, personal obligations, and never ending household chores are just too much for me. i feel constantly drained and on edge, like i'm teetering on the brink of a nervous breakdown. i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this. every day feels like a battle, and i'm losing. i just wish there was a way to escape from it all, even if just for a little while. maybe then i could find the strength to keep going. but until then, i guess i'll just have to keep pushing through, no matter how hard it gets.
siren wailingly pierces the thick, dishwater gray air outside, the shrieking sound cutting through the already jittery and agitated nerves within me. my hands tremble on the steering wheel, and the once familiar route to the office now feels like a tangled skein of red string, taunting me with its labyrinthine path, daring me to lose my way, to plunge further into the chasm of chaos and confusion that has become my life. i can feel the sweat accumulating on my brow, slicking up the inside of my car with salty, damp tendrils, the once immaculate, pressed shirt adhering unpleas
deep, rapid breaths i can't do this anymore. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities. the clock ticks louder with each passing second, reminding me of the endless tasks demanding my attention. i'm barely keeping up, and it feels like one misstep could send me crashing down. everything is moving so fast, and i can't seem to catch up. emails pile up in my inbox, phone calls go unanswered, and deadlines creep ever closer. i try to focus, but my mind races with thoughts and concerns, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and
this is not a dialogue between two people, but a one sided, first person stream of consciousness. title overloaded circuit heavy, unyielding lumps of responsibility weigh down upon me, each demanding an equal part of my faltering attention. the incessant demands threaten to break me, to shatter the precarious facade i've constructed. with an aching heart, i acknowledge that i am stretched far too thin a thin, tattered ribbon, about to snap. i must maintain some semblance of strength, despite my rapidly deteriorating state. my soul's furnace simmers, feeding off the ever flow
they may be experiencing anxiety or depression, or just generally overwhelmed. character emily emily sat at her desk, staring blankly at the screen in front of her. the clock seemed to mock her, each second slowing down as if daring her to catch up. her heart pounded in her chest, the rhythmic beat echoing the relentless ticking. her mind raced with the myriad of tasks she had yet to complete, and the mountain of unopened emails looming in her inbox. she inhaled deeply, and the sharp pang in her chest reminded her of the deep rooted dread gnawing at her. just one more email,
i have been trying to find an answer to this question over 6 months. my story starts when i changed while my life for the man i loved by believing him that he loves me and moving to california from israel. since i was the one who were going to take the big step i had many concerns yet he always literally begged me to move here... finally i did move here and we got married. after a while i found out from a facebook message that he has been cheating on me all those time that he was begging me to move in with him. i asked him about the message and he lied about it over an hour.
i feel like i'm constantly treading water, trying to keep up with the relentless currents of work, family, and personal responsibilities. each day brings a new challenge, and i wonder if i have the energy to face it. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, and i fear that i am on the brink of drowning in the chaos of modern life. i yearn for a moment of respite, a breath of fresh air, a place where i can let go of the relentless demands and simply be still. but until then, i must press on, buoyed by the hope that one day i will find the peace and tranquility i
i can't keep up with this pace. i feel like i'm constantly running on empty and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or respite. i'm exhausted both mentally and physically, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep pushing myself like this. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one. i'm behind on deadlines and commitments, and the thought of falling further behind is terrifying. i feel trapped in this cycle of stress and exhaustion, and i don't know how to escape it. it's taking a toll on my health, my relationships, and my overall well being. i need help, but i don
title burdened soul in the labyrinth of thoughts, swirling around in my weary mind, anxiety coils, constricting every sense, every thought, suffocating my reason. i struggle beneath the weight of obligations, of deadlines, of expectations all pressing in like the hands of fate, holding me firm in my place. the gnawing fear seeps through my being, gnashing my heart, threatening to tear through the thin fabric of my tranquility. it cries out, warning me of the inevitable, the looming storm on the horizon. my breathing, once steady and rhythmic, falters now. shallow, shuddering
academic need for class survey about mental health issues for college students with and without head injuries tbi this survey is for a research project at maryville university, examining psychological and cognitive differences that college students with without head injuries are experiencing. it should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. only requirement is that you are enrolled in college courses and 18 or older. https maryville.az1.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 3wjo1xarkhq4mpu https maryville.az1.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 3wjo1xarkhq4mpu amp x200b thank you in advance!!
thought i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, deadlines, and expectations. no matter how hard i try to keep my head above water, i can't seem to catch a break. i'm exhausted and my mind is constantly foggy. the thought of taking on anything new or even completing tasks i already have feels overwhelming. i just want to escape and hide from the world for a while, but i know i can't. i need to find a way to keep going, to find the energy and focus to get things done. but how? i don't have the answers, i don't have the strength. i just want to rest and give up.
i feel like i'm constantly on the go, with a never ending list of tasks and responsibilities. my mind and body are exhaustion, and it's hard to find the energy to keep pushing forward. sometimes i wonder if it's all worth it, if i'll ever be able to catch up or if i'll just be left in this state of chronic stress and mental fatigue. i yearn for moments of peace and quiet, but it seems like they are always elusive, just out of reach. i fear that if i don't find a way to regain control and find balance in my life, i'll become a shell of myself, unable to fully engage with the
he wants me to study abroad in europe after undergrad, then return and work for the government in economics. i don't mind the europe part, but i have zero interest in working for the government and am absolutely shit at economics and i've told him so. no matter how many times i express my lack of interest, qualification, or skill at economics, he ignores me and continues to push this path. it wasn't like this was something he's pushed on me my whole life it's like he came up with this plan for me when i turned 18, and now is obsessed with it. i really don't know what to do.
person sighs deeply, leaning their head against the desk i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this. the deadlines, the constant pressure, the endless meetings... it's all just too much. i feel so drained, both physically and mentally. i'm having trouble sleeping, my appetite is disappearing, and even the simplest tasks feel overwhelming. i just want a break, but with no vacation time left, i don't see how that's possible. i can't keep juggling all of these responsibilities. it's just too much for me. i feel like i'm drowning, and i don't know how to escape the
inner monologue another day, another dollar, another endless string of unmet expectations and looming deadlines. how did i get here, a cog in a vast and relentless machine, spinning faster with every passing minute? the hands of the clock refuse to budge, yet the hours continue to tick by, an insidious mockery of my inability to keep pace. my heart pounds in my chest, and my mind is a tempest, whipped into a froth by the swirling maelstrom of stress and anxiety. each new task, an insurmountable mountain to conquer, but i cannot afford the luxury of retreat. there's work to
i. deep, anxious exhale what's that clock doing ticking so loudly? the weight of the world feels like a cement block on my shoulders, each second draining precious energy, unrelenting. deadlines, promises, responsibilities all looming, converging, and gnawing at the very core of my being. can't it just slow down, just for a moment, so i can catch my breath? my thoughts are a tangled mess, whirling chaotically within my mind like a tempest, eluding control with each passing second. my heart hammers wildly within my chest, matching the relentless rhythm of my racing thoughts
inner monologue deep, anxious sigh oh god, i can't do this anymore. my heart is racing, my palms are sweating, and my mind is in a never ending storm of thoughts and deadlines. the emails piling up in my inbox taunt me, each one a demand for action, each one an insurmountable problem that i simply don't have the mental bandwidth to handle. the phone is ringing, ringing, ringing. i can't answer. my lungs feel heavy, my heart feels full, and the idea of speaking out loud to another human being about my overwhelming workload or personal obligations makes me want to disappear.
inner monologue heavy breathing, mind racing a million miles an hour i can't do this, not another day, not another moment. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, crushing me. why am i here? what's the point of it all? the deadlines, the responsibilities, they're too much. a mountain of emails waiting to be answered, and the phone won't stop ringing. each call, each message, demands my attention and every second i spend responding is a second less i have to focus on the crisis that's building inside of me. my heart races, my palms sweat, and i can feel my mind start to
exhales deeply, eyes fixated on the flickering fluorescent light above my cubicle. sweat beads forming on my brow as i frantically tap away at my keyboard, each keystroke adding another layer of urgency to the already mountains of work piling up around me. the hum of office chatter drones into the background, becoming white noise that blends in with my accelerated heartbeat. each breath i take feels like a chore, the air not fully entering my lungs as if there s a thick, oppressive cloud enveloping me. come on, just a little bit more , i whisper to myself, clenching my jaw
use a variety of descriptive words and active language. in the stillness of the predawn hours, the cacophony of life's obligations began to assault my senses. my mind, a fertile ground for worries and fears, sprouted new shoots with every tick of the clock. the sun crept up over the horizon, painting the sky a magnificent array of orange, pink, and gold. i stirred, my body reluctantly obeying the call of consciousness. but my soul yearned to remain shrouded in slumber, a sanctuary from the onslaught that awaited. my heart pounded in my chest, its rhythm irregular, unsteady
how can self compassion be helpful for managing this stress? title burdened by the weight of the world my heart races, my palms are sweaty, and my mind is a tangled web of unfinished tasks, deadlines, and expectations. i'm overwhelmed, suffocated by the sheer amount of responsibility i carry. i'm at the crossroads of my career, and the pressure to succeed is crushing me. my thoughts are a torrential downpour, my body is on fire, and yet i'm paralyzed, unable to escape. i feel as though the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and every day brings new problems that need
breathing heavily, heart racing, thoughts in a jumbled mess oh god, this is it. the tipping point. my shoulders tense, my jaw clenches, and every muscle in my body seems to be on high alert. i can't focus on the report i'm supposed to be writing. i keep looking at the clock, willing it to move faster. how is it possible that only ten minutes have passed since i last checked? my mind feels like it's racing in slow motion, yet time itself is flying by at an unnatural pace. the stress is a weight that presses down on me, suffocating, crushing. my lungs fill with air, only to
inner monologue deep, labored breaths this is it. the pressure is mounting, the deadlines looming, and the tasks multiplying faster than i can keep up. my to do list is an endless pit of obligations, each one more urgent than the last. my heart races, my mind scrambles for solutions, and my emotions threaten to boil over. the weight of responsibility is suffocating me, a leaden shroud that compresses my very being. every mistake, every missed opportunity, every unmet goal lingers like a shadow, whispering insidious words of self doubt. my self confidence, once a fortress,
person i feel like i'm drowning in a never ending ocean of responsibilities, expectations, and pressure. every day brings new challenges and unfinished business from the day before. i just can't seem to keep up, and it's all i can do to keep my head above water. i want to escape, but how can i when i'm tethered to this unrelenting sea of obligations? i yearn for moments of peace and relaxation, yet every attempt at finding respite is thwarted by the relentless ebb and flow of life's tide. this exhaustion, both mental and physical, gnaws at my spirit, sapping my energy and
sorry for the super long post but i don't want to tell my mom all this and most of my friends don't know i feel like this almost all the time. i take my medicine for social anxiety every morning and i go to counseling every few weeks, but i've been to a counselor four or five different times over the years and i'm still the same. i think i might be stuck like this. i honestly doubt anyone read this far but if you did, hello! tl dr freshman year of high school, i'm super anxious about pretty much everything especially pe and disappointing my family by not coming out on top
i can't take this anymore. the deadlines are piling up, the emails are endless, and the expectations are just too high. i thought i could handle it all, but now i'm barely keeping my head above water. my heart races at the mere thought of adding another task to my list. i'm exhausted, my mind is frazzled, and i can't seem to focus on anything for more than a few minutes at a time. i keep telling myself to take it one step at a time, but the mountain of work looming over me feels insurmountable. i want to scream, to cry, to throw things, but i can't. i have to keep pushing
exhausted to the bone, i can't seem to shake off this feeling of hopelessness and anxiety. i've been pushing myself so hard for so long, striving for perfection in every aspect of my life. but no matter how much i accomplish, there's always another goal, another deadline, another mountain to climb. it's like i'm trapped in a never ending race to nowhere. sometimes i wonder if it's even worth the effort. i long for peace and calm, but my mind and body refuse to settle. i just can't keep going like this, i need a break. a real, honest to goodness, stress free break. but how
they are in a dark corner of an office where no one will see or hear them, and they are overwhelmed by the pressure and expectation. they take a deep breath to try to calm themselves. inner monologue sighs deeply oh god, this is it. this is the moment that is going to break me. i can't take it anymore. another deadline, another project, another problem to solve. and for what? for a paycheck, for a title, for the empty promises of career growth and success. but at what cost? my heart races as i try to focus on the task at hand, but my mind is a jumble of thoughts and fears
i've been trying multiple medications for 20 years and i have literally tried them all. the highest doses possible of insomnia medication can't even put me to sleep. multiple psychiatrist and even my pharmacist are stumped. every ssri, snri, tricyclic, beta blockers, benzos, group therapy, sleep studies, mris, blood work, cbt, emdr, talk therapy, group therapy, art therapy, psychiatric hospitals, wilderness retreats, traveling, moved 6 times, i've been to college 3 times no degree , have over 20 different jobs. it's like my brain is bound and determined to make me suffer.
title burdened in the depths of my mind, the gears turn, relentlessly. the endless ticking of mental clocks, counting the seconds and minutes until... until my next deadline, my child s school event, the mortgage payment, the next project, the laundry pile or the grocery list. my mind is a perpetual maze of tasks and responsibilities. time, it seems, races ever forward, merciless and insurmountable, like a mighty river, leaving me on the riverbank, powerless and insignificant in its wake. my body grows weary, every muscle aching, every cell depleted of energy. i am a mere
title burdened by the weight of the world monday morning, the sun was rising with an unfathomable degree of indifference towards the man lying in his bed. the sun was oblivious to the mounting turmoil inside his mind. with eyes that felt sandpaper abrasive, the man reluctantly opened his heavy eyelids to welcome yet another day, another grind. his name was thomas, an ambitious, self professed workaholic. yet, today, the relentless tides of life had reached new heights, new extremes of overwhelming pressure. the cogs of his mind worked fervently, churning thoughts that had
use vivid and descriptive language to convey the depths of their emotions. amid the frenetic whirl of the bustling metropolis, the sun cast an indecisive dance upon the cityscape, flirtatiously playing hide and seek with the clouds that scampered across the heavens like a caffeinated horde. the weight of the world seemed to press in on him from all directions, each cobblestone corner whispering a demand for answers that gnawed at the recesses of his very soul. the labyrinthine corridors of power pulsed like an arterial network around him, and he could feel the sinewy tend
a thought from a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might be i can't take this anymore. i feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities and obligations, and i can't seem to catch a break. my mind and body are exhausted, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this. i need a reprieve just a little time to recharge and refocus. but i don't see that happening anytime soon. or they might think, i thought i could handle it all, but i was wrong. the weight of the world feels like it's on my shoulders, and i'm struggling to keep up. i feel guilty for
the relentless march of obligations leaves me drained, yearning for a moment's respite amidst the cacophony of demands. here are a few more examples 1. an endless sea of tasks, each demanding attention, threatens to swallow me whole, leaving little room for peace or reflection. 2. the weight of expectations presses down on me, suffocating, as i struggle to keep up, fearing the consequences of failure. 3. in the face of an insurmountable workload, i find myself drowning in the waves of responsibility, unable to catch my breath. 4. the constant pull of deadlines and demands
inner monologue breathing heavily i can't do this. the weight of expectations and deadlines is crushing me. each passing second feels like an eternity, and the pressure to perform is immense. i feel trapped, like a cog in an unyielding machine that needs me to keep it running, but i'm not sure i have the fuel to keep going. my heart pounds relentlessly in my chest, and my mind races at a thousand miles an hour. the list of tasks that demands my attention grows daily, and my resolve to conquer them shrinks exponentially. my nerves are frayed, frayed, and i can't focus long
person i feel like i'm hit by a truck every morning when i wake up. my mind is heavy with endless to do lists, my body is weary from sleepless nights, and my heart aches for peace and tranquility. i long for moments of solace, but the demands of work and life persist. it's an exhausting cycle, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going. in response to this i understand how you feel, and it's important to acknowledge that what you're experiencing is not just a passing feeling, but a clear sign of emotional and physical burnout. the first step to breaking this cycle
i can't do this. i just can't. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i feel like i'm drowning in the sea of responsibilities. deadlines are looming, emails are piling up, and the list of tasks i need to accomplish grows longer by the minute. i thought i could handle it all, but it's too much. i'm barely keeping my head above water. my heart races as i glance at the clock, counting down the minutes until another meeting starts. i take a deep breath and try to focus, but my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and anxiety. i can't think straight. i can't concentrate. i
inner monologue ugh, another day. another day of juggling a million and one things, each one more critical than the last. my to do list is a mile long and my schedule is packed tight, with no room for error. my heart races at the thought of all that needs to be done, and i can feel the stress building within me like a cauldron of boiling water. my mind spins in circles, trying to prioritize, trying to focus on just one thing at a time. breathe. i remind myself to breathe. but the deep, calming breaths only last a second before my mind darts off to the next task, the next
but if i want to be successful at networking and forming close friendships relationships, i need to get rid of this phobia somehow. in some ways, my fear is interfering with not just my social life, but my academics as well. i earn high grades but if i want to snatch opportunities outside of the classroom, i need to suck it up and try to tolerate group work with my classmates more. i opened up to a therapist about this, but before we could actually discuss ways on how to combat the problem, she ended up leaving. how does one go about becoming more comfortable around men?
title the mind of a burdened soul deep, anxious breath i can't do this. just another day, another endless cycle of the same routine. a constant stream of emails, reports, phone calls, and unending demands that clamor for my attention, gnawing at the fragile threads of my patience and sanity. my chest is tight my heart races. every moment filled with urgency, every breath an effort. my brain, once a thriving haven of creativity, ideas, and inspiration, now resembles a battlefield, bombarded with tasks, deadlines, and goals. fears of failure lurk in the dark recesses of my
they can t seem to catch a break and everything in their life feels overwhelming. every day feels like a fight, but i ll keep pushing forward, for the ones i love and for me. there has to be a light at the end of this tunnel, doesn't there? absolutely, my dear friend, i'd say with a gentle smile. i believe that there is a light at the end of the tunnel, even if we can't always see it right now. hang in there, take care of yourself, and remember that it's okay to ask for help when you need it. keep pushing forward, not just for the ones you love, but for yourself as well.
inner monologue another day, another dollar. or so they say. but today, it's not just another day. today, it feels like an insurmountable mountain. i'm staring at an endless pile of papers, emails, and phone calls, each one demanding my attention, each one carrying the weight of the world on its shoulders. the clock is ticking, the phone is ringing, and i'm stuck in the middle, trapped between the demands of my boss, the needs of my clients, and the unyielding clock. i can feel my stress levels rising, a familiar churning in the pit of my stomach. it starts as a small tw
i can't do this, i just can't. my heart races as i stare at the mountain of paperwork on my desk, each document a reminder of a problem that needs to be solved, a crisis that needs to be averted. the relentless hum of the overhead fluorescent lights bathes the room in an oppressive glow, each flicker reminding me of the ever ticking clock that refuses to slow down. my thoughts race, a blur of unfinished tasks, unanswered emails, unmet deadlines, unspoken words. my breath grows shallow, the walls of my chest pressing inward, as the sense of suffocation threatens to engulf
person sighs deeply i feel like i'm stuck in this endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities. my mind is constantly racing with thoughts, fears, and deadlines. i'm physically and mentally drained, yet i can't seem to find a moment of peace or relaxation. it's like i'm drowning in my own thoughts and there's no escape. i wish i could just press the pause button on life for a while and catch my breath. but i know i can't. i have to keep going, keep pushing forward, even when i feel like i can't take it anymore. it's a heavy burden to carry, and some days i wonder if
1. how can i keep going when i feel like i've reached the end of my rope? the weight of my responsibilities is heavy on my shoulders, and i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to keep pushing forward. every day feels like a struggle, and i'm starting to wonder if i'm capable of handling it all. i just want to take a break, but i know that's not an option. how can i find the strength to keep going? 2. i'm so exhausted both physically and mentally, it's like i'm walking through quicksand. each day feels longer and more overwhelming than the one before. i don't know
try to capture their emotional state, thoughts, and words. in the dimly lit cubicle, i'm pinned beneath an avalanche of papers, deadlines cascading like an ocean of uncertainty that threatens to drown me. my breaths are shallow and forced, the rhythm of fear drumming through my chest. my pulse thumps relentlessly in my ears, each beat fueled by a fire of desperation. the relentless churn of the world outside my little box feels oppressive, pressing against me, urging me onward. time feels malleable, unyielding, an adversary determined to grind me down into nothingness. i
i. oh god, not another crisis. another late night in the office, staring at the computer screen, trying to find a solution. i can feel the tension building up in my shoulders, the weight of the world on my chest. my heart is racing, i'm sweating, i can barely focus on the task at hand. there's so much to do, so little time. the deadlines are closing in, the pressure is mounting, the stakes are high. i'm feeling overwhelmed, helpless, like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities. ii. i need a break, a moment to catch my breath. but there's no time for that. every second
despite all the effort i put in, it seems that life keeps demanding more and more from me. the endless cycle of obligations, deadlines, and responsibilities is draining me, leaving me barely able to cope. i can't help but feel like i'm drowning, and i don't know how to escape this cycle. i long for the simple pleasure of rest and peace, but it seems like an unattainable luxury. i'm tired, both physically and mentally, and i just can't keep going at this pace. i need a break, but how do i make that happen when the demands on my time and energy show no signs of letting up?
i feel alone, because i feel like people don't think i was having a panic attack as a legitimate excuse to miss something. i don't even feel like others with panic attacks 100 get it, because i don't really get that feeling of a heart attack or anything, i feel like my panic attacks are weird, and all the stuff i read about ways to help seem to be for people who get the heart attack feelings. i get a panic attack, and then get anxious about the panic attack, and it's just a big cycle. i try to open up to people, but they don't really understand. i just want to be normal.
inner monologue ugh, another day. the alarm goes off, the relentless beep beep drilling into my consciousness, urging me up from the cradle of my pillow. the weight of the world seems to press me back down, burying me in a mound of tangled sheets. my breath hitches in my chest. today is another day i cannot afford to miss. i force myself out of bed and into the shower, trying to scrub away the sleep still clinging to my eyes. my reflection in the mirror stares back, hollow and weary. the caffeine buzz from my first cup of coffee, the quick jab of energy that usually sust
person sometimes i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities and expectations, and no matter how hard i try to keep my head above water, the waves keep crashing down, dragging me deeper into a state of overwhelm and stress. it's exhausting trying to meet everyone's needs, balance my own, and find the energy to pursue my passions. but maybe, just maybe, if i can learn to prioritize and manage my time better, or if i can find some simple ways to take care of myself, i might be able to stay afloat long enough to enjoy the beautiful moments this life has to offer.
i just feel so overwhelmed, i don't know if i can keep going like this. it's like my mind and body are constantly on high alert, and i can't seem to catch a break. i'm struggling to focus on anything, even the simplest tasks. i feel so drained and empty, like i have nothing left to give. sometimes i wonder if it's worth it, if the stress and exhaustion will ever go away. but deep down, i know i can't give up. i have to find a way to cope and keep pushing forward. maybe it's time to reach out for help, to talk to someone and get some perspective. maybe it's time to prior
i'd step into the shower, my body heavy with fatigue as the scalding water beat against my weary skin. my mind raced with a litany of thoughts the mountain of tasks stacked before me, the mounting bills, the simmering resentment bubbling within my marriage, the constant, relentless expectations clawing at my soul. i wanted to scream, to cry, to rage against the unfairness of it all. instead, i swallowed the lump of fear and sorrow in my throat, i scrubbed away the grime of the day, i donned my armor of fake smiles, and trudged on, for another soul sucking day in the aby
one person might say, i feel like i'm stuck in this endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities. each day brings new challenges, and although i give it my all, i can't help but feel like i'm failing. i'm constantly pushing myself to the limit, and the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being. i need a break, but it seems impossible to find the time or the permission to take one. i'm exhausted, both physically and mentally, and i fear that if i don't take care of myself soon, i may not be able to continue carrying this heavy load.
inner monologue deep, labored breath the day starts off with an unreasonably early alarm blaring in my ear. my head pounding, i manage to haul myself up from the tangled sheets and make it to the kitchen, where the coffee maker hums to life. as i wait for the pot to fill, i'm already racing through the list of tasks before me emails to write, reports to compile, meetings to attend. and that's just the surface of it. beneath the day's veneer lies an unrelenting pressure to perform, to meet insurmountable expectations that seems to grow with each passing hour. why, oh why
inner monologue another day, another daunting challenge looming on the horizon. the alarm blares out its shrill sound at 6 30, jolting me out of a brief slumber. i pull back the covers, my limbs feeling like lead, heavy with exhaustion and anxiety. i drag myself to the bathroom, splash water on my face, and force myself to focus on the simple act of shaving. my mind, however, is miles away, reeling from the relentless demands of work and life. i'm a cog in the wheel, a single spoke in the intricately complex machinery of the corporate world. and the pressure to perform,
the pressure from work, responsibilities and life in general just feels insurmountable at times, like i m drowning in a sea of obligations. the weight of expectations and the endless to do list leaves me feeling drained, both physically and emotionally. but i know i can t afford to give in, or to give up, because the consequences of doing so would be even more daunting. it s a vicious cycle, and i feel like i m losing control. i just wish i could find a way to regain some balance and perspective, to feel like i m making progress, instead of being consumed by the chaos.
i've been stressed for 9 months and i don't know what to do. i tried many things to reduce my stress symptoms but i feel it s not going away. went to the gym, i've did mediation, also journaling nothing seems to work. feels like this stressed it's stuck and hard to get rid of. i went to the doctor and he got me taking vitamin d6 rx tried it for 4 weeks but doesn't help. i'm running out of options, the only thing left to do is to see a psychologist or psychiatrist? i don't know which to see. also i work a minimal wage job with no insurance. any help will be appreciated.
why is this happening to me? it feels like every time i take a step forward, two more issues pop up. my productivity is plummeting, my relationships are deteriorating, and my stress level is through the roof. i can't focus, can't sleep, and can't find joy in anything anymore. i thought i was doing well, but it seems like every misstep, every wrong decision, every oversight is piling up and coming back to haunt me. i can't keep up, i can't manage it all, and i'm tired of pretending that i'm okay. i just want a moment of relief, a chance to catch my breath and collect my
they are at their limit, both mentally and emotionally, and cannot seem to find the strength to continue or the motivation to start anything new. a thought from someone struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might be i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. every day feels like an endless loop of anxiety and indecision. i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to start anything new, and every task i used to find joy in feels like a insurmountable mountain. i'm exhausted both mentally and emotionally, and i'm not sure if i have the strength to keep going.
inner monologue oh god, the weight on my shoulders is overwhelming. the endless to do list in my mind keeps growing, a relentless tide of tasks, appointments, deadlines that just doesn't stop. my heart races, my breaths quicken. each one a shallow gasp for air, trying to stay afloat amidst the sea of responsibilities. time, once my greatest ally, now my harshest enemy. each second feels longer, heavier than the one before it. my eyes sting, they ache from hours staring at screens, the flicker of pixels burning my retinas. my head pounds in a rhythm of anxiety, matching
i'm constantly trying to juggle my work, family, and personal life, and no matter how much i sleep or eat, i still feel completely drained and unable to focus. sometimes i wonder if i'm cut out for this level of responsibility or if i'm just weak. but deep down, i know i'm not giving up. i'll find a way to refuel, recharge, and regain control of my life before it all consumes me. i'll seek help from loved ones, professionals, or support groups, and i won't let myself become a statistic of burnout and depression. i'll take one day at a time, one step at a time, and keep
i can't keep going like this. every day feels like an endless cycle of work and responsibility. i barely have time for myself, let alone for my family or hobbies. i'm constantly tired, irritable, and i can't focus. it's as if my mind and body are in constant overdrive, but i can't seem to catch up. i feel trapped, burdened, and powerless to make things better. i long for some peace and relaxation, some time to simply be, but it seems impossible to find. how can i keep going when every day is a battle just to get by? in response, here are some suggestions 1. prioritize
inner monologue deep sigh god, i can't take this anymore. the deadlines, the demands, the pressure. it's all too much. my heart races with every new email, every phone call, every text message. every single thing i have to do feels like a mountain to climb. i'm drowning in work, in responsibilities, in expectations. i feel trapped, suffocated, completely overwhelmed. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and i can't focus on anything. i'm tired all the time, and my stress level is through the roof. every muscle in my body is tense, every nerve is on edge. i need a break
it could be related to work projects, work life balance, or another area of stress in your life. remember to focus on the internal emotions and thoughts. breathe in... i can't do this. this is too much. the deadlines keep piling up, emails keep flooding in, the phone won't stop ringing. i'm spreading myself too thin. i can feel my anxiety building, knots twisting in the pit of my stomach. i'm drowning in responsibilities, and i can't keep up. every mistake, every overlooked detail, every late night feels like a failure. i'm so close to breaking point, teetering on the
exhale deeply, shoulders hunched oh, god. this is it. the breaking point. every fiber of my being is taut with stress, every fiber screams for respite. the relentless grinding of obligations, commitments, and unrealistic expectations, they've etched themselves deep into the very core of my soul, as if inscribing a permanent reminder of my failings. a sense of dread gnaws at me, every second an inescapable prison. the ticking time bomb of looming deadlines, the oppressive weight of unfinished tasks, they burrow themselves into the recesses of my consciousness. my mind,
their inner monologue reflects their current state of feeling. person ugh, i can't do this anymore. my mind is a whirlwind of chaos, and my body feels like it's made of lead. i'm exhausted, both mentally and physically. the endless demands on my time and energy are taking a toll on me. everyday tasks that used to be second nature now feel like insurmountable obstacles. i just want to escape from it all, to find some peace and quiet. but even in my own thoughts, there's no escape. my mind won't shut up, won't let me rest. i feel trapped, overwhelmed, and alone. i can't
inner voice furious, frantic murmurs how am i supposed to do this? this endless barrage of deadlines, expectations, demands? the clock is ticking, the day slipping through my fingers like sand. i can't keep up. i can't. the weight of responsibility is suffocating me. my mind races, thoughts whirling like leaves in an autumn gale, yet i can't find a single grasp on anything concrete. i've been spinning my wheels, circling the same unyielding problems, for days now, for weeks. my energy is waning, my patience depleting, but still no progress. a deep sense of frustration
person ugh, another day gone by in this never ending cycle of work, responsibilities, and obligations. my mind is so cluttered with a million things, i can barely focus on anything. every task feels like an insurmountable mountain, and even the simplest decisions leave me drained. i feel stuck, like i'm drowning in a sea of exhaustion. i need a break, but how can i take one when there never seems to be an end in sight? my thoughts are racing, my body is tired, and i can't help but wonder if this is just how life is now, an endless grind. it's all too much, and i don't
inner monologue i can't take this anymore. the relentless demands, the pressure, the expectations they're all piling up, crushing me beneath their weight. my heart races as i scan through my ever growing to do list, each task a mountain to conquer. my mind races, filling with doubts and worries. am i capable of this? am i enough? the clock ticks away, mercilessly counting down the minutes until deadlines arrive, expectations rise, and pressure mounts. the phone rings, yet another request, another demand on my time and energy. i can't breathe, can't focus, can't think.
inner monologue another day, another dollar. that's what they say, right? but today feels different. today feels heavier. the alarm clock blares in my ear, jarring me from my fragmented sleep. the weight of responsibility pushes against my chest as i struggle to pry my eyes open. i take in a deep breath, the air tasting of metal and stale coffee. i stumble into the bathroom, my reflection greets me, a hollow eyed, sleep deprived shell of a person. how long has it been since i last looked alive? i can't remember. the morning ritual begins, a monotonous dance of toothbr
i can't keep going like this. every day feels like an uphill battle, and i'm running out of energy. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, and i can't seem to catch a break. the constant pressure to perform, to be perfect, is exhausting, and i feel like i'm drowning in the expectations of others. the to do list never ends, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to cross everything off. i just want to take a break, to breathe, and to refocus, but the demands of life never let up. i feel trapped, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like
, how about reasoning with him on that? , it's understandable that he is threatened by your new friendships with other women and he handles it by getting angry ... i am not being critical but i really don't think my therapist knows how to handle what i'm dealing with. i said to him yesterday, how can i sit down and have a rational conversation with someone i don't feel safe around at times? have others experienced therapists who weren't helpful, or who coached you to behave in ways that would work with someone who was not abusive, and possibly put you in more danger?
inner monologue ugh, another day. how am i going to get through this? my alarm goes off, my body protests with every fiber. i groan and drag myself out of bed, reluctantly, knowing that the workload on my desk is going to crush me before the day is over. it's already 7 a.m. and i've got meetings all day, followed by late night client dinners, deadlines to meet, reports to write, emails to answer. every bone in my body protests the thought of getting ready for the day, let alone face the workday chaos that awaits me. my heart is heavy and beats with the rhythm of fear
i feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities and expectations. no matter how hard i try to keep up, there always seem to be more demands on my time and energy. the weight of it all is suffocating. it's not just the endless tasks and obligations it's the constant pressure to be perfect, to meet unrealistic goals, and to keep a flawless facade for those around me. i'm running on empty, but i can't afford to slow down or take a break. i'm terrified of what might happen if i do. but i know i can't keep going like this. i need help i need to find a way to manage my stress
person ugh, i can't take this anymore. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities and expectations, and there's no end in sight. every day i wake up feeling drained, like i've already exhausted all my energy before i even begin. i try to juggle work, family, and personal projects, but it seems like an endless cycle of obligation and anxiety. it's not just the busy ness of life that's got me down, it's the constant pressure to be perfect, to do more, to achieve more, to be more. i wonder if i'll ever be able to catch my breath, to find a moment of peace and
every morning i wake up and it's there on the exact same spot. this has been happening for the past 4 days and i thought i need to reach out to someone if they can help me at all? i have convinced myself i have a brain tumour, i keep feeling dissociated and completely out of it i keep touching the same spot on my head like every 20 seconds like a compulsion and it's really getting me down. when i swallow i feel as if i can feel a pulling sensation near the spot where this is happening. it's not exactly giving me a headache but it's disturbing me to which i notice it.
follow that with an encouragement that can inspire the reader to keep going, even in the midst of stress and overwhelm. personal reflection i feel as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, responsibilities, and deadlines. my anxiety is at an all time high, and every decision feels like a mountain to climb. encouragement but remember, it's in the deepest waters that precious gems lie hidden, just waiting to be discovered. take a moment to breathe, focus on the present, and trust that with every wave you overcome, you'll grow stronger. keep swimming. you got this!
a continuous state of being overworked and overstimulated can lead to feelings of fatigue, anxiety, and an inability to focus or concentrate. the burden of constant stressors can weigh heavily on one's emotional and physical health, leaving individuals feeling trapped, powerless, and disconnected from their surroundings. it can also lead to decreased motivation, decreased productivity, and an overall sense of despair and hopelessness. the emotional toll of constant stress is a complex and ongoing challenge that demands resilience and self care to mitigate its impact.
try to keep it grounded in reality and as descriptive as possible. in the dim recesses of her mind, thoughts swirled, churned, clashed, like the stormy ocean's waves slamming against an unyielding cliff. her heart beat, a constant drum roll beneath the turmoil in her skull. focus, she demanded, desperately attempting to anchor her awareness in the present moment. but the insidious whispers of doubt gnawed relentlessly at the edges of her consciousness, threatening to consume all rational thought. i can't do this. it's too much. my hands tremble as i type, my fingers
remember, this is a work of fiction and not to be taken as a reflection of the mental health of real individuals. deep, labored breaths god, i can't do this anymore. the weight of the world on my shoulders, the incessant ringing in my ears, the thoughts swirling in my head, racing a million miles an hour. i can feel my heart pounding in my chest, my fingers tingling, and my mind reeling. the clock is ticking, and i can't seem to keep up. the pressure to perform, to meet deadlines, to make mistakes none of them are going away, no matter how hard i try. i want to cry,
a person, say an engineer, at their work desk late into the night, staring into a pile of papers, coffee cup nearby and eyes heavy with strain. i can't keep going like this. the endless deadlines, the constant pressure, the expectations of perfection. it's not just the work that's wearing me down, it's the fear of failure, the fear of not living up to the standards set for me. i feel so trapped, as if i'm drowning in my own inadequacies. but what scares me most is the idea of quitting. giving up on this dream, on the progress i've made, on the future i've envisioned
fast forward to 3 am, i am tired and would rather just leave, even though we have convenient seats in a standing room only club and my wife is enjoying herself. she makes a passing comment that she would likely be more comfortable at home, eating food. i jump on this and say we should walk back even though it is a 45 minute walk, in heels, in the rain which i did not check for . she agrees we leave, she slips and falls, i did not help her up, and we fight the entire way home, divorce comes up several times. this morning she won't get out of bed and won't talk to me.
monologue i can't do this anymore. the weight of the world seems to be resting on my shoulders. my mind races a million miles an hour, a symphony of worries, deadlines, and responsibilities. i'm trapped in an endless cycle, barely able to catch my breath. every day feels the same a relentless onslaught of pressure. emails piling up, projects stacked high, people depending on me to deliver results. but how am i supposed to do it all? my body aches with tension, each muscle tensed as if ready for battle. my heart beats erratically, the adrenaline pumping through my ve
in the dim recesses of his mind, a torrent of thoughts surged. swirling like a maelstrom, they careened from the past to the present and on to an uncertain future, leaving him dazed, and more than a little disheartened. the relentless grind of life, a ceaseless march forward, had caught him in its clutches. work. deadlines. bills to pay. bills mounting, ever higher, casting a darkening shadow on the horizon. every breath, every moment stretched thin by the cacophony of unfinished business and unresolved concerns that jostled one another for supremacy within his frag
i am looking for any advice on how to cope being homless in los angeles and what sort of services there are out there to help. i am so determined on keeping my job, however, i feel i might not be able to if my check comes in late again and will be forced to spend the weekend on the streets. i have no valid high school diploma as i finished it in australia and haven't been able to secure my ged due to the time limitations with working everyday and commuting between compton and glendale. i appreciate anybody taking the time to read this and welcome any advice. thanks.
stress, like a relentless river, carves away at our emotional landscape, leaving behind a ravine of fatigue and desolation. each day, a new barrage of challenges, obligations, and anxieties relentlessly hammers our resilience. the accumulated weight threatens to engulf us, swallowing any semblance of joy, calm, or hope. the heart grows heavy, each beat an ache, a testament to the weight we carry. the mind, unrelenting, ceaselessly churns, fueling the storm within. the only solace, perhaps, lies in moments of respite, when the mind and body are granted reprieve, only
i've put him up in a motel for a few days, bought him a bike, and gave him some money, but i know i can't afford to have him stay at a motel forever or even support him like that! , the money will run out, and i just feel sick stressed sad because i don't even know what to do at this point or how to help anymore than what i've already done. i work full time and have to suppport myself and i live at home with my mother and she wants absolutely nothing to do with him. he needs help and i just don't what else i can do. any advice or resources would be much appreciated!
person ugh, i can't take this anymore. every day feels like an uphill battle, and i just can't seem to catch a break. i'm exhausted both physically and mentally. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, and i can't shake this feeling of being overwhelmed. i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this. i need a break, but how do i find the energy and motivation to even take one? it's a vicious cycle that i can't seem to escape. i fear that if i don't find a way out of this soon, i may completely give in and crumble under the pressure. i wish i
person ugh, i can't take it anymore. the constant pressure to perform at my best, meet deadlines, and deal with people's expectations is just too much. it feels like a never ending cycle of work, worry, and sleep. my mind is clouded, my body is drained, and my emotions are raw. how do i find the strength to keep going when all i want to do is give up? thought perhaps, it's time to prioritize self care and reevaluate my commitments. maybe i've taken on too much and need to delegate some tasks or set realistic boundaries. i can't keep sacrificing my well being for the
friends privy to the situation believe that she is just constantly keeping me on the back burner because i'm the safe option, when she isn't with somebody, or when she doesn't have anybody else. she knows i love her still, she knows i'd do just about anything for her, and want to be with her still to this day but nothing more than just an option. i always end up feeling the same in this situation though, worthless, low, wishing i was in a relationship with her. tl dr me and ex have stayed in somewhat constant contact for 10 years, never get back together officially.
person i can't keep up with this pace. every day feels like a marathon, and i'm starting to wonder if i'm even making progress. the pressure to perform and constantly meet deadlines is overwhelming. i'm constantly on edge, struggling to focus, and my mind feels foggy and unfocused. it's all i can do to get through the day, let alone try and make meaningful strides. i feel like i'm at the end of my rope, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going at this intensity. i just want some peace and calm, but it seems like that's a luxury i can't afford. all i can do
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might have thoughts such as i can't keep going like this, it feels like my mind and body are in a constant state of chaos. i can't focus, can't think clearly, and everything seems overwhelming. i need a break, but how can i take one when there are deadlines to meet and responsibilities to fulfill? i feel trapped, i feel helpless, i feel like i'm drowning in obligations and expectations. or perhaps i'm burnt out. my mind and body feel numb, and i don't have the energy to do anything. i'm constantly fatigued, both
but even after that he still says things that makes me feel uncomfortable. for example, when i suggest we do something or go somewhere that could be somewhat unique interesting e.g., watching a documentary about sex workers in their 60s, or going to a church in vienna to listen to the choir boys sing , his first reaction via text is wtf? i instantly feel bad and angry because he is saying wtf to my plans and interests. when i confront him about it, he says he wasn't saying it to me. his excuse is that he was saying wtf about insert whatever the subject matter was .
inner monologue the clock on the wall ticks and tolls in my head, marking each second with an oppressive, relentless rhythm. my heart races, faster, faster, as i glance at the stack of unread emails in my inbox. there are deadlines, projects, expectations weighing on my shoulders like an invisible, crushing mountain. my mind fills with a toxic brew of anxiety and panic. how did i get here? how did i let things get this far? the weight of the world, and all its responsibilities, presses against me. breathe. in, out. i can do this, i remind myself. focus. prioritize.
use metaphors, imagery, and sensory details to describe the emotions and thoughts. in the dim recesses of my mind, a cacophony of clamoring voices whipped up a maelstrom of fear and frustration. time's elusive mercury hourglass had shattered into irretrievable fragments, and its once unified cascade splintered into a maddening, disorganized riot that churned my thoughts and jumbled my senses. my brain felt like an air traffic control tower engulfed in a blizzard a tangled mass of disjointed conversations and indecipherable demands. each competing voice beckoned for
breathe, just breathe... i've got so much to do, deadlines looming, phone ringing off the hook, email notifications popping up constantly. my boss is on my case, my team is counting on me, and i can't seem to focus on anything. each task feels like an insurmountable mountain, and every mistake seems to echo through the hallways. i can feel the weight of the world bearing down on me, pressing me into the ground. my heart races, my mind scrambles, and i can't seem to find a way out of this vortex of stress and pressure. but i know i can't afford to break, i've got to
try to use colloquial speech and include the phrase, oh, the humanity. to emphasize their overwhelming feelings. person sighs heavily man, this day just keeps getting worse and worse. i can't believe i spilled my morning coffee all over my new shirt, now i look like a sloppy mess. and the day's not even half over yet. got an email from the boss with a subject line that reads urgent meeting right now. oh great, just what i need another long, drawn out discussion about deadlines and productivity. can't we just get it together and focus on the task at hand? bills pile
this could include thoughts, fears, frustrations, self talk, etc. try to capture the urgency and intensity of the situation, using strong, active verbs and language. inner monologue of overwhelm my heart beats like a frantic drum in my chest, the sweat prickles at my temples, my mind reels with a maelstrom of unfinished tasks, deadlines, and imminent chaos. i feel like a cork about to pop in a bottle, my body tenses, my muscles rigid, my breath shallow. there's not enough hours in the day, not enough energy, not enough time to process, to accomplish, to prioritize.
inner monologue another day, another dollar. another monotonous cycle of relentless chaos. the relentless hum of my alarm clock pierces the silence of the night, and with it, the harsh realities of my day to day. my limbs move like leaden weights as i stumble through the mundane motions of getting dressed and prepared. time, the ultimate enemy, slips relentlessly through my fingers. as i journey through the morass of commuting, the incessant honking of car horns and clamor of passing cars creates a symphony of urgency and pressure. it's a battle to stay afloat amid
they just finished an especially grueling project, but as they step back and look at their calendar, there seems to be an endless string of deadlines. they need to make time for exercise and family life but have trouble balancing both work and personal life. despite the satisfaction of completing a challenging project, i'm left feeling drained and uncertain. the looming deadlines on my calendar threaten to swallow me whole, leaving little room for exercise, rest, or cherished time with family. balancing work and personal life feels like an insurmountable challenge.
person sighs deeply i feel like i'm drowning in work and obligations. there are deadlines piling up, and each task seems more complex and time consuming than the last. my mind is always racing, i can't focus, and i can't seem to catch up. it feels like there's a never ending to do list and i'm just stuck in place, unable to make progress. all i want is a moment of peace and calm, but it seems impossible to achieve with everything that needs my attention. i fear that i'll never be able to get a handle on this, and the thought of failing is crippling. i just want to
someone overwhelmed with stress might express their feelings in various ways, depending on their individual personality, comfort level, and coping mechanisms. here are some common signs and ways stress might manifest itself emotionally being easily frustrated, tearful, or tearful anxious, worried or fearful irritable or short tempered inconsolable, or having difficulty finding comfort or calmness depressed or sad physically insomnia or restlessness fatigue or low energy levels increased heart rate or heart palpitations digestive symptoms such as diarrhea, bloating
in the dimly lit recesses of my mind, where the most primal of thoughts reside, there existed an insidious unease that had crept in like a noxious fog, cloaking every corner of my being. i couldn't quite place the genesis of this malevolent presence its origins shrouded in the obscurity of my waking consciousness. all i knew was that it gnawed at me, relentless and unyielding. the world around me continued its mundane existence, oblivious to the storm brewing within. time, once a loyal servant, had become my cruel taskmaster. each tick of the clock seemed to rever
when i get stressed and angry and blow up, i find myself blaming and cursing god a lot for the situation that has made me angry. like he has always had it out to get me. afterwards i feel so stupid and ashamed for my outbursts, usually over very trivial thing. i was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety disorder however i never told my psych or therapist about this part of me because i just don't like talking about it. i have a child now who is turning 18 mo old, and yesterday i had another big outburst when driving with her due to a stupid road rage issue.
title burdened exhausted, crumpled in my worn, grey cubicle, i press my forehead against the cold glass window overlooking the vast sea of identical gray cubicles. i am a cog in a never ending machine each second bleeding away into the blackness of the vast abyss ahead. each tick of the clock adds a fresh layer of tension to my already overburdened shoulders, as if the unspoken deadlines gnaw away at my psyche, threatening to consume me from the inside, a ravenous cancer. the humdrum routine of life's monotonous dance presses against my mind like a leaden vise, my
in the monologue, express the physical, emotional, and mental symptoms they experience, and include an underlying sense of hopelessness or feeling trapped. monologue sighing deeply god, i can't take it anymore. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and it's becoming unbearable. my heart pounds in my chest, my mind is racing with a jumble of thoughts, and i can barely focus on anything for more than a few minutes at a time. i'm constantly on edge, feeling like i'm walking on a tightrope above an abyss. physically, i'm a wreck. my muscles are knotted and tense
inner monologue exhales deeply, closing my eyes for a moment, as the relentless churning of my mind only grows louder my god, i cannot bear this pressure any longer. each passing second ticks away, like an unyielding, heavy footed tortoise determined to crush me. the workload, insurmountable, piles ever higher upon my shoulders, each new task adding more weight, grinding me down into the earth. can t they see? can t they understand how much i am drowning here, fighting just to stay afloat amidst these crushing waves of responsibility? why can t they ease the tide
person sighs deeply i feel like i'm drowning in the ocean of responsibilities, and i'm constantly paddling, but i'm not making any progress. the weight of expectations is crushing me, both from myself and from others. i want to scream, i can't do this anymore! but then i think about all the people relying on me, and i can't just give up. the fatigue in my body and mind is unbearable. sometimes i feel like a broken record, reciting the same answers to the same questions, day in and day out. my spirit is low, and i crave rest and quietness. i feel disconnected from
his refusal to admit to anything though has me worried this is part of ongoing deception cheating. when he completely denies knowing anything about it i just don't know what i can do with that. it feels like my options are to get over it give him the benefit of the infinitesimal doubt or leave him over the inferred deception. i guess i have mostly just let it go but then every so often i remember about it and can't help but wonder, am i a colossal idiot, is he taking me for a ride? tl dr found an okcupid profile for my husband, he denies knowing anything about it
this can be written in any style you feel suits the tone of the person, whether that's formal, informal, angry, depressed, or a mix of emotions. the only requirement is that the inner monologue must include these three words insignificant, relentless, and expectations. another day, another dollar. just another cog in the great machine, churning out the same old, same old. i'm just a speck of insignificant dust in this endless cycle of relentless tasks and mounting pressure. but they don't understand that, do they? no, they see me as the golden boy, the go getter
i feel bad i ve have my puppy for over a week. he s adorable and such a sweetheart but i feel bad because i can t take care of him. my mental health is over the roof and he s pushing every bit of it when i put him before me because that s what i end up doing. i put him first making sure he grows up to be a good obedient boy but i forget about me. i feel so bad. i love him so much and i don t wanna give him away but i know i have to. i haven t been going to the gym anymore, i m working more hours, and i still have school to focus on. i hate how hard it has to be.
you may choose to use contractions or formal language, as long as it conveys the emotion and intensity effectively. deep, heavy breaths oh god, the pressure is unbearable. my chest feels tight, my heart races. another email, another deadline. they're all stacking up, threatening to topple over me. i can't keep up. i thought i was strong, but this relentless grind is breaking me. my mind reverberates with the clamor of expectations my boss, my team, my clients, my family. i promised myself and them that i'd deliver, but i fear i've bitten off more than i can chew
is it safe to go for a swim during night? i would like to escape reality as much as possible for the time being due to work related stress. i was forced to become a supervisor and now i have more responsibilities, direct contact with the managers who will scald me, and incompetent employees that get me in trouble! i have had a nervous breakdown in the lavatory and i just want to escape reality for the time being. bike riding is my favorite hobby and not even this can help me. i did not ask to be a supervisor, i was forced to become the supervisor. i hate my job!
sighs deeply another day, another dollar. or is it? is this even worth it? the endless stream of emails demanding my attention, the pile of reports that never seems to get smaller, the phone ringing nonstop with yet more demands and expectations. i can't breathe. my heart races, my mind a swirling vortex of anxiety and doubt. i'm not cut out for this. i thought i could handle it, that i was strong enough to rise above the challenges. but the weight of it all is suffocating. i can't keep up, can't keep on top of everything. it feels like i'm drowning, and i can't
need 600 in 10 days. i m struggling quite a bit to reach my goal. i wish i had more help with friends and family but i really don t have anyone who can help, so i m just stressed out trying to manage and stay safe, i barely eat or sleep trying to survive. i was able to reach out for a loan but i m unable to qualify for it due to not have stable work for 6 previous months. it s like.. in america, how can i get out of this. i need to pay for my room bill, i don t want to be on the streets or shelter i enjoy feeling secure in my space it s just stressful seriously.
this person has been working tirelessly on a project, pouring their heart and soul into it for what seems like an eternity. they finally feel like they are at a breaking point. here's a potential thought i can't do this anymore. i've given everything i have to this project, and i feel like i'm at the end of my rope. the hours i've put in, the sweat, the tears, the frustration it's all piling up and i'm left feeling empty and spent. i want to keep going, to see it through to the end, but i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to push forward. i feel like i
deep, labored breathing another day, another dollar. another endless stream of emails to reply to, projects to juggle, deadlines to meet, all amidst the backdrop of constant interruptions and endless demands. the weight of responsibility settles heavy upon my shoulders, a leaden shroud i can't seem to shake. i need a moment, a reprieve, just a single breath of fresh air, a chance to pause, to collect myself, to regroup, to recalibrate. but where is that luxury in this madcap world, where urgency reigns, and urgency triumphs? pauses, closing eyes, then snaps them
i can get from feeling super bad aka anxiety to feeling super good with just one single thought they're, most of the times, exaggerated . and then, with another thought i can get from feeling super good to feeling super bad. this is a matter of just seconds and these switchs can last for hours, stop and then come back again. when i get the bad feelings it's just awful and the only way i can cope with them is thinking of a way of killing myself. then, when i get the good ones, i completely forget about the sensation the bad ones gave me and i see the bright side.
what are the thought patterns, how would the words change in different parts of the dialogue, and what are some common themes you d expect to see? inner monologue of chronic stress heart pounding. deep, shuddering breaths. i can't do this. i'm treading water in an endless ocean of demands, deadlines, and responsibilities, but my energy and focus are already depleted. i feel like a hamster spinning its wheel, achieving nothing but exhaustion. how much longer can i sustain this relentless grind? thoughts racing how did i even get here? i thought my dream job would
inner monologue deep, anxious sigh i can't believe this is happening again. i thought i had learned to manage stress, but it seems like it's always lurking, waiting for me to let my guard down. the deadlines are piling up, the emails are clogging my inbox, and the phone keeps ringing with unreturned calls. it's a never ending cycle of chaos. i'm exhausted. my heart races with every new request or demand. i try to prioritize, but there are just too many things that need my attention. i feel as though i'm drowning in work, and my personal life is the last thing on
inner monologue heavy, labored breathing why can't i keep up? what's the matter with me? this job, these deadlines, the expectations they're too much. my heart is pounding, my mind racing, and all i can think about is that i'm going to disappoint everyone. again. is it just me, or is the world moving at twice its normal speed? time ticks relentlessly, adding another day to my rapidly piling mountain of responsibilities. my brain feels like a traffic jam of unfinished business, deadlines, and incomplete projects. i need a break, just a moment of peace, but every
inner monologue deep, agitated breaths another day, another chaos. how many more mornings must i endure before i break? another long list of endless tasks clawing at me, demanding attention, patience and strength. the deadlines press on me, sharp as a sword. beads of sweat form along my forehead. my hands tremble as i shuffle the stack of papers across my desk. i can't focus the weight of responsibilities is heavy on my shoulders, suffocating, choking the life out of me. anxiety threatens to overwhelm me. each worry gnaws at me, like a ferocious creature in the
i had crippling anxiety and depression during my college years and finally managed to graduate within the allotted semesters after getting diagnosed and learning to cope . i'm about to go in for a set of interviews and wonder if i should be honest about why my grades dropped all of a sudden and got back to normal fell into depression anxiety cycle . also, wondering if it is overall even advisable to talk about mental health issues to your boss at all in a workplace. what was your personal experience? tl dr did you tell your boss about your mental health issues?
i just want to get rid of the pent up confused bouncing energy inside me, so i cry because i've overwhelmed myself... not because i'm weak... that's what i tell myself at least.... i force myself to do things even if they make me uncomfortable just because i know normal ppl would not have the same issue.... must act normal .. they won't like me if i don't... i am tired all the time, i just want someone to guide me. take my hand and just understand i need their company to stop the war in my head, but torn because they say i should be able to do that for myself..
every day feels like a never ending hamster wheel, spinning my energy and focus until i'm left emotionally and physically drained. the weight of expectations, deadlines, and my own desires piling up on my shoulders, making even the simplest of tasks feel like monumental mountains to conquer. i'm a human marionette, pulling my strings and trying to maintain a sense of control amidst the chaos. but i know i can't keep up this pace forever i need to find a way to break free from the cycles of stress and exhaustion, and create room for rest, reflection, and growth.
this could include quotes, sayings, and personal reflections. i've reached the point where i'm just going through the motions. my mind is clouded, my body is weak, and my spirit is bruised. every day feels like a battle, and some days i'm not sure i have the strength to keep fighting. but i know i can't give up. i have responsibilities, and i can't let them down. so i take it one day at a time, trying to find moments of peace and serenity in the midst of chaos. i repeat mantras to myself, like 'i am strong,' 'i am capable,' and 'i will get through this.' i seek
person i feel like i'm hitting a wall. my mind and body are exhausted, and i can't seem to catch a break. the demands of work and personal life have been piling up, and i'm finding it harder and harder to keep up. sometimes i wonder if it's worth it all. i need a break, but there doesn't seem to be any room for one. i'm constantly juggling balls, and i'm terrified that if i drop even one, everything will come crashing down. i feel overwhelmed, isolated, and helpless. how can i keep going? thought in moments of stress and exhaustion, it can be difficult to see a
i had crippling anxiety and depression during my college years and finally managed to graduate within the allotted semesters after getting diagnosed and learning to cope . i'm about to go in for a set of interviews and wonder if i should be honest about why my grades dropped all of a sudden and got back to normal fell into depression anxiety cycle . also, wondering if it is overall even advisable to talk about mental health issues to your boss at all in a workplace. what was your personal experience? tl dr did you tell your boss about your mental health issues?
inner monologue deep sigh i can't do this anymore. the deadlines, the pressures, the endless demands they're all too much. my heart pounds in my chest, my breaths shallow and uneven, each one laborious and taxing. i stare at the computer screen, my vision blurry, unseeing. i close my eyes, trying to block out the sounds the ringing phones, the distant hum of co workers, the relentless ticking of the clock. my mind, a chaos of thoughts, whirls uncontrollably past failures, present challenges, future obligations. each moment an insurmountable burden, each breath
hi everyone my name is lily, i'm 19, i live in ca and i really need help with rent. i've tried to do everything i can but i can't get any help, so reddit i'm looking to you to help me out over here. i need 200 hundred dollars by the end of next week unless i get another dog sitting offer which then of course i will let you guys know . due to so major life issues father dying at age 14, grandmother dying a month later, getting chronically sick around that time, ptsd i'm having trouble getting my ged which is making it harder for me to get a job but i am trying.
thought my mind is a storm, every minute churns with unquenchable anxious thoughts, an ocean of pressure and uncertainty. each wave pushes me relentlessly against the rocks, crushing the pieces of tranquility that once formed my inner peace. i can't seem to escape this tide, the endless cycle of stress consumes me completely. my emotions flail beneath the froth, desperate to breathe, drowning in the ceaseless turmoil of life. can i ever find calm in these tempestuous seas? or am i condemned to be tossed back and forth, a mere victim of my own chaotic emotions?
we will get through this and i am determined, even it means going to a shelter, to get affordable housing, so i never end up in this situation again! ive been financially abused in small ways for almost a year, paying more than my share, while he saved. being forced into buying a computer we couldnt afford then had it thrown at me every fight due to credit card he continuously used kept under 1k i also was forced to be precise on where i put things especially when cleaning as to not disrupt him. he hid snacks and 420 from me when i did most of the purchasing.
deep, heavy sigh. head falls into hands, elbows resting on desk. eyes closed, but i can't quite shut out the chaos around me. mind races deadlines, appointments, responsibilities. each demand a part of an intricate and fragile web, threatening to unravel at the slightest misstep. breathe in, breathe out, attempt to steady nerves and soothe frayed edges. a thousand thoughts, a thousand tasks, pressing, insistent. can't focus, can't prioritize, can't escape. this is the weight of it all the endless to do list, the unceasing pressure, the burdensome expectation.
exhale a deep, labored breath as i stare blankly at the endless pile of papers, emails, and to dos on my desk. the clock seems to tick louder, each second a brutal reminder of my inability to keep up. my heart races, sweat pools at my temples, and a familiar sense of despair seeps in as i realize the weight of my responsibilities, both personal and professional, teeters precariously on the edge of catastrophe. inevitably, there aren't enough hours in the day to tackle it all, let alone attend to my own basic needs rest, food, exercise. why can't it be enough?
inner monologue deep, rhythmic breathing another day, another dollar, another sleepless night. the alarm blares relentlessly at 6 30 a.m., ripping me from the brief refuge of unconsciousness. i force my eyelids open, fighting the suffocating grip of weariness that has taken root in my bones. i've barely managed to drag myself from bed when my mind begins to race, a frenzied, relentless storm of worry and dread. the same worn thoughts resurface like unwelcome visitors, threatening to destroy any semblance of peace or tranquility the pile of work that awaits me
the pressure is building and they're losing control. inner monologue deep, labored breath i can't do this anymore. the weight of responsibility is crushing me. it's not just the long hours or the endless emails, it's the constant demand for perfection. every mistake, every misstep, feels like a personal failure. a scarlett letter 'f' emblazoned on my chest for all to see. my heart races with each new task, each new demand. the deadlines blur together, forming an oppressive wall. i can feel the stress gnawing at me from the inside. it's a fire, burning hot and
thought i can't keep up with the world, it's moving so fast and i'm drowning in responsibility. the weight of my obligations is crushing me and i'm not sure i have the strength to carry on. i feel like i'm in a never ending cycle of deadlines, bills, and expectations. i just want to find a moment of peace and relaxation, but it seems impossible in today's world. i'm exhausted, both physically and mentally, and i'm starting to wonder if this is just how life is now. maybe i'm just not cut out for this fast paced, always on society. i wish i could find a way to
in the first person, use lots of exclamations and contractions for emphasis! oh my god, not another day like this!!! this stress is crushing me! my heart is pounding! can t they see i m drowning here?! deadlines! emails! reports! problems left and right! why did i take this job?? it was all just a dream the promising future, the prestige, the good pay. now i m just a mere shell of myself, a cog in a broken machine! i have responsibilities, yes, but what good am i when i can barely function?! this pressure cooker is about to blow, and i ll be the one imploding
one of my flatmates has started distancing herself from me and i don't know what to do. i've never experienced this before as i've never really had a friendship this close with someone before. we used to see each other multiple times a day, when we were both in the flat we used to spend loads of time in each other's rooms just chilling and chatting. but recently she's been spending more time with other people rather than me. before today i don't think i saw her for about a week which is crazy considering how close we were and that we live under the same roof.
sighs deeply, leaning back in the chair, closing eyes i can't take this anymore. the deadlines, the endless meetings, the mountains of paperwork. the phone rings incessantly, and every email pings with urgency. my brain is a whirlwind of tasks, reminders, and responsibilities, and i'm drowning in it all. every minute feels like an eternity, and every hour slips away like sand through my fingers. i long for a moment's peace, but the relentless pace of work and life refuses to allow it. my heart beats erratically, and my breath comes in shallow, panting gasps.
idea a continuous cascade of thoughts and demands, an unrelenting hammer of obligations and expectations, wearing us down, eroding our ability to cope, to hope, to dream. a whirlwind of anxieties, doubts, regrets, uncertainties, fears, all gnawing at our core, a constant tension pulling at the strings of our nerves, straining our resilience, leaving us drained and fragmented, mere shattered remnants of our former selves, longing for the sweet reprieve of solace, for the soothing balm of serenity. the heavy burden of stress, the relentless grind of daily life
inner monologue another day, another dollar. just one more hour, and then i can go home and finally let go of this all consuming burden. but what's that sound? my alarm goes off once more, signaling the beginning of another soul crushing day. the stress clutches at my chest like an unyielding vice. my heart pounds, and my palms grow slick with sweat. i try to calm my racing mind, but the thoughts keep coming, relentless and uninvited. there's never enough time to accomplish all that needs to be done. emails pile up, deadlines lurk ominously, and every minute
inner monologue heavy, labored breathing another day, another dollar, another sleepless night. my head throbs with an unending headache, my muscles twitch uncontrollably with tension, and my mind is a chaotic vortex of thoughts, anxieties, and tasks yet to be completed. my alarm blares obnoxiously through the silence, another cruel wake up call to a seemingly endless parade of demands, responsibilities, and expectations that threaten to devour me whole. and i m barely able to keep up, let alone thrive. but there s no time for reflection, no time for weakness
in the swirling vortex of my mind, thoughts collide like waves on a storm tossed sea, each one stronger, more insistent than the last. my breaths come shallow and quick, each inhalation a shallow gulp of air that does little to quell the unending turmoil. sweat beads at the temples, a persistent sheen that mingles with the flickering fluorescent glow from above. i'm not here. this place, these surroundings they're not real. but this heavy burden is, and it threatens to crush me. the deadlines claw at my consciousness, demanding to be met, while emails fester
this person is overwhelmed, struggling to keep up, and cannot see a way out of their situation. inner voice exhales deeply god, i can't do this anymore. the deadlines are piling up, emails are flooding in, and the phone keeps ringing. my to do list seems endless and no matter how hard i work, it never gets shorter. i feel like i'm drowning, but i can't seem to catch a break. why can't i keep up? is it because i'm not good enough? not smart enough? not fast enough? or is it because of the way things are at work? the constant pressure, the lack of support, the
inner voice whispering desperately another day, another dollar. another email, another meeting. just keep going. breathe. inhale. exhale. two more hours until lunch, five more hours until home. but how can i face another minute of this? my mind is racing with to dos, deadlines, mistakes, regrets. i can't focus. my heart is pounding, my mind is hazy. the phone rings, breaking the silence. the calendar app notification pops up, reminding of an upcoming appointment. i need a break. a moment of escape from the chaos. but the to do list never ends. i can't escape
my girlfriend does have ptsd. she said that she thought that i might have it because of an incident that occurred in 2014. you can read about it in my post history but basically i was placed on an involuntary psychiatric hold for pretty much no reason, the therapists responsible for it just covered themselves up and lied about it. it greatly affected me. i would definitely consider it to be a traumatic event, not just because of the actual events that transpired and the conditions of the hospital which are pretty bad but also just the huge betrayal of trust.
this person is struggling to keep up with their responsibilities and feels overwhelmed, frustrated, and helpless. inner voice breaths deeply god, this is it. the breaking point. i can't take it anymore. the deadlines, the emails, the phone calls, the expectations. i feel like i'm drowning in this sea of chaos and i can't escape. my head is pounding, my heart racing, my breaths shallow and uneven. how did i get here? i used to be in control, but now i'm just spinning my wheels, getting nowhere. i can't focus, can't think clearly, can't even prioritize tasks.
deep, labored breaths. heart racing, mind churning. oh god, why can't this day just end already? the relentless grind of deadlines, demands, and expectations weighs upon my every waking moment. every email ping, every text message, every phone call shatters the tenuous hold i've been clinging to in the midst of this tsunami of responsibilities. the endless string of appointments, tasks, and obligations gnaws at the edges of my sanity, like a feral beast trying to claw its way through the fragile veil of control that i've carefully woven around myself. i can
inner monologue deep sigh another day, another dollar. or so they say. but as i sit here, staring at the mounting pile of papers on my desk, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in an ocean of work. the clock seems to be stuck at 3pm, that point in the day when the workload feels insurmountable and the frustration levels peak. my mind races with thoughts of deadlines, budgets, meetings, and endless emails. i take a deep breath, but the relief is short lived as my stomach churns with anxiety, the familiar knot forming in my chest. i glance at the calendar
i need help i m a senior in high school and i get out early to work at four separate jobs a week. i don t have many study halls and i m really stressed on school work and learning on how to drive. i haven t been able to do any of the stuff i like to do since i don t have much time to do it. i m also working on a personal project on my own subreddit that i haven t felt motivated to do so. by this point i have trouble sleeping, and things like my brothers alarm clock or any loud noises in the mornings really stress me out a lot. i just don t know what to do.
inner monologue ugh, another alarming monday morning. the snooze button on my phone glares at me, a constant reminder of the impending chaos. i'd given up on the illusion of a peaceful breakfast, as my frantic mind craves that elusive feeling of calm and control. yet, as the alarm clock's shrieking cacophony ceases, a cacophony of a different kind unfurls. emails flood my inbox, the digital torrent demanding immediate attention like a tempestuous river over a dam. each email, a damning indictment of my inability to handle this deluge of chaos. deadlines lo
in the depths of my consciousness, a storm was brewing. my heart raced uncontrollably, the rapid beat thundering within my chest. each inhalation and exhalation was a labored effort, my breaths shallow and strained. a relentless tornado of thoughts, fear, and self doubt swirled through my mind. my eyes darted around the room, taking in the cluttered workspace that mirrored my chaotic thoughts. the disorganized piles of papers, unopened emails, and long lists of pending tasks taunted me with the weight of their burdens. my desk, once a well oiled machine of
this person has been working 14 hours a day, 7 days a week for months on end. they are physically drained, but more than that, they are emotionally and mentally drained. the thoughts in their head sound like this i can't keep going like this. i feel like i'm on a hamster wheel, spinning round and round, getting nowhere. my body is exhausted, my mind is foggy, and my emotions are raw. i can't sleep, i can't eat, and i can't focus. i'm snappy with everyone around me, and i hate that i'm taking out my frustration on them. i just want to disappear for a while,
the relentless tide of stress, a cacophony of demands and responsibilities, relentlessly buffets my spirit. each day's wave threatens to erode the foundation of my emotional strength. i feel my soul battered and bruised, gasping for breath, longing for tranquility and peace. the stress gnaws at my vitality, stripping away my joy and energy, leaving me adrift in a tempestuous sea. amidst this torrent of tension, it's a struggle to tread water and find solace in the oasis of calm that lies within. yet, i cling to hope, reminding myself of the ebb and flow of
incorporate the negative self talk often associated with anxiety and self doubt. monologue exhales deeply, rubs eyes i can't believe this is happening again. the deadlines, the mounting pressure, the endless barrage of emails and phone calls, it's all just too much. i'm not cut out for this. what was i thinking when i signed up for this job? i'm not smart enough, not talented enough, not strong enough. i can't keep up. every day i wake up with the same knotted feeling in my stomach. i can't focus on anything but the list of things i need to accomplish. and
inner monologue deep, heavy sigh another day, another dollar. or at least, that's what they say. but today, today feels different. the tension, the unease, the constant churning in the pit of my stomach it's all a little more intense. the alarm went off at 6 30 am and the moment i opened my eyes, the reality of the day ahead hit me. i knew i should have stayed in bed, buried myself in the warmth of the covers and let the world turn without me. but life, with its cruel sense of humor, doesn't offer a reprieve. i drag myself out of bed, already late for work
in the inescapable vortex of my own thoughts, i was drowning, being devoured by an insidious maw of worry, anxiety, and dread. the relentless churn of deadlines, responsibilities, and promises swirled around me, each expectation a tendril reaching out to ensnare my mind, to coerce my body into a relentless dance of productivity. why must i struggle so? i asked, as the question reverberated against the labyrinthine corners of my psyche, echoing unanswered and unanswerable. how did i find myself ensconced within this waking nightmare? the answer, as ever, el
however, today i was sitting at work and for whatever reason i started thinking about the knife incident. this new person i'm dating has never done anything wrong, but i had a thought of what they would look like holding a knife. it was a pretty stupid thing to think about, it caused the worst panic attack i've had in months and had to go for a walk around the block to clear my head. i don't want the event from my previous relationship to have an impact on the potential of this new one. does anyone have any advice for breaking free from this sort of thing?
i even tried to settle this outside of their insurance so that their insurance rates wouldn't go up. i feel afraid every time it becomes nighttime and when i have to go to school, because i know there is a chance i may see him again. i don't know how to stop thinking about what happened that night, what i could have done differently, or what would have happened if someone had come to save me. it's hard to tell my family i've begun to think about killing myself again. i've struggled with depression for years and this incident has only made it so much worse.
i can't do this, i just can't. my heart races, my palms sweat, my thoughts spin, a kaleidoscope of anxiety and doubt. why does it always feel like i'm two steps behind, like i'm drowning in this never ending tide of expectations, responsibilities, and demands? my to do list grows longer by the second, a relentless mountain of tasks that begs to be conquered, but i can barely summon the energy to tackle the smallest of problems. my mind swirls with thoughts and worries, like a tempest in a teapot, each one more troubling than the last. the weight of it all
your thoughts might meander through the experience, but the common thread will be intense anxiety or pressure. here's an example oh god, this is it. the moment of truth. my heart is pounding, i can barely breathe, my hands are shaking uncontrollably. i can't focus, i can't think straight. this report, this project, these deadlines they're too much. i can't handle it all. i keep telling myself to slow down, take it one step at a time, but the thoughts race ahead of me. my mind won't quiet. i'm so overwhelmed, so out of control. i can't keep up with it all.
a person overwhelmed with stress may display their emotions in several noticeable ways. here are some common signs and expressions of emotional stress 1. physical responses stress can have a significant impact on a person's physical well being, leading to noticeable symptoms. some common physical signs of stress include headaches and migraines muscle tension or pain fatigue difficulty sleeping or insomnia increased heart rate or rapid breathing stomachaches, diarrhea, or constipation loss of appetite or overeating weight gain or weight loss cold or sweaty
person why can't i find the strength to push through this, to keep going? i feel so drained, physically and mentally. it's hard to focus on anything anymore, even the things i love to do. i wish i could just take a break, but i can't afford to. the pressure builds up inside me, consuming every waking moment. sometimes, i wonder if i'm even making a difference. maybe i'm just making things worse, for myself and for those around me. it's a never ending cycle of worry, of anxiety, of doubt. i feel like i'm drowning, but i can't seem to find a way to stop and
describe why, then consider the role of mindfulness practice in helping alleviate these feelings. feeling weighed down by pressing deadlines and endless tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and chaos. yet, in the midst of this overwhelming chaos, mindfulness practice offers a beacon of tranquility. through focused attention on my breath, the gentle release of tension in each exhalation allows my mind to momentarily find calm in the storm. the present moment, however fleeting, provides a welcome respite, rejuvenating my spirit for the challenges ahead.
after burning out, i fumbled through a tough, 8 year commitment in the united states marine corps. i then went back to college and obtained an associates degree with a 4.0 gpa, before burning out just shy of a bachelors. following that, by leveraging my limited it experience from the marine corps, i landed a job averaging 110k annually with a fortune 500 company. along the way i got married, and my wife and i now have four, brilliant children. three years since burning up again and walking away from the 110k job, life continues to go completely down hill.
inner monologue deep, labored breaths today...oh, god, today is just not working out. another meeting, another e mail, another report, another task. just pile and pile on top of me like an endless tower that threatens to engulf me at any second. i can't catch a moment's peace, a moment's quiet reflection. each day brings with it a new storm of demands, expectations, and deadlines that relentlessly pound away at my sanity. i'm not superhuman, i can't keep juggling all of this forever. every step i take seems to be met with a roadblock or setback that slows
i get it my one friend has personal reasons for being against medication, the other one has a bad personal experience, and my boyfriend had a small midwestern town upbringing that allowed no room for mental weakness so he has a hard time understanding. i guess i just...i don t know. i felt empowered to do this going into the appointment and even during it. i felt like people were on board with me seeking treatment if that s what i felt was right. and now that it s a reality..it just seems like people have turned their backs and no longer are okay with it.
person sighs heavily i feel like i'm drowning in this never ending sea of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities. every day is a battle to stay afloat, and some days i just can't keep my head above water. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i'm starting to wonder if i'll ever find a moment of peace and calm again. i feel exhausted, both mentally and physically, and i can't help but feel like i'm failing at every turn. it's a vicious cycle, and i'm struggling to break free. i just need a moment of rest, a moment to catch my breath and regain my
inner monologue heavy, rhythmic breathing why is this day so relentless? is it because of the never ending emails or the crushing weight of expectations? the incessant demands of my team, the unquenchable thirst of the deadline, or perhaps the constant battle to stay afloat amidst the storm of uncertainty? or is it that simple, crippling feeling of inadequacy creeping in? the relentless voice of self doubt nudging in, whispering that i'm not up to the task, that i belong on the sidelines, observing the real achievers as they race towards the finish line.
there s a job i used to work at there s a job i used to work at. a friend put in a good word for me at the time, but they must ve realized i wasn t up to their standards. i applied there again for this summer and they don t want me back. my thoughts and emotions are telling me to do something devious as like an act of revenge. i don t want to feel this way, but don t they deserve to know what it means to give me the cold shoulder? there s so many things i want to say to them, post about them, make them regret they didn t hire me back. how do i calm down?
inner monologue heaves a deep sigh how am i even still in one piece? my mind is swirling with the never ending to do list, a jumbled mess of responsibilities, tasks, and deadlines. the clock seems to mock me as the minutes tick away, the hours stretch out in a labyrinth of expectations and demand. another email pops up on my screen, the subject line a firecracker of urgency urgent! action required! how many times can one person hear that in a day and remain sane? i rub my temples, feeling the tension build between my brows. another call coming in why won
person i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts. they won't stop, even when i'm trying to sleep. i'm constantly on edge, worried about deadlines, bills, relationships, everything. i just can't seem to catch a break. my mind and body are tired, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this. it feels like i'm stuck in a never ending cycle of anxiety and exhaustion. i need a break, but how do i make that happen when there are so many things demanding my attention? i wish i could just unplug from it all for a while, but i can't. i don't know
please help me i beg please help i beg i have a huge problem trying to sleep i hate dreaming and the thought of dreaming or just realizing i m in a different reality of the world sometimes it makes me not want to sleep or i don t be able to sleep i want to break out of this mindset but i don t know where to start everyone suggests me therapist but they always make me try to pay something when i simply just want answers and it s frustrating cause i m 17 going through this and everyone is trying to use me as a piggy bank instead of helping me become better
part of me wonders if it's not my mom's fine tuned manipulation at work, but it's sure as hell eating at me. how do i get out of his harmful headspace? it feels like my emotions and my logic are at war right now. even after the abuse and trauma i've endured at the hands of my mom i still question the validity of my experience because i know there are people that have it a lot worse. and seeing that video was like watching a train wreck, it made me feel so awful because of its violent nature but it also made me doubt a lot of what i'm still experiencing.
math grade just got my heavy assessment back today, got an f on it. i studied real hard for math, but i still failed. i really feel like i m a moron, and i just checked my grade, it went from b to d . sometimes i wonder if my dream about the future is realistic or not. i feel like i have no motivation to be productive again. i really don t want to fail my parents and my dreams, but my grades just stress me out so much. i need a good grade for this semester or idk where i will end up in in the future. any advice on how i should get myself together again?
person sighs deeply every day feels like a never ending battle. no matter how hard i try, there always seems to be more to do and less time to do it in. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, i can't seem to shut it off, even for a moment. sleep eludes me, i'm constantly anxious and i can't remember the last time i felt truly happy or at peace. i feel like i'm drowning in obligations and expectations, both from others and myself. i wish i could just press pause and catch my breath but instead i'm stuck in this vicious cycle of stress and mental exhaustion.
i want to be able to deal with these feelings and move on. i ve talked briefly to a counsellor on the phone but besides talking about it making me cry, it hasn t made me feel better. this is one of the worst ptsd episodes of my life. i can t predict how long this is going to go on and i m sick of the weak, dissolving feeling i get whenever i think about it. i ve been trying to replace bad thoughts with good, i ve tried cbt techniques, i ve tried wallowing in the bad thoughts as advised by someone over at r emetophobia ... nothing has worked, i m a mess.
person sighs deeply i feel like i'm drowning in this never ending sea of tasks and responsibilities. my mind is so clouded and tired, it's hard to focus on anything. i just want to escape this endless cycle and find some peace and clarity. it's like i'm running on an empty tank, but i can't afford to stop. the weight of the world seems to be on my shoulders and i don't know how much longer i can carry it. sometimes i wonder if it's all worth it. but i know i can't give up. i have to keep pushing through, for myself and for those who depend on me. i just
remember, an inner monologue should feel like it s written in the character s first person perspective. title drowning in deadlines the alarm blares in my ear, piercing through the haze of my sleep deprived stupor. another day, another twenty four hours jammed with obligations. twenty four hours that stretch before me, taunting me, relentless and unyielding. i drag myself from the bed, my bones creaking in protest. the day's onslaught is ready to begin. as i make my coffee, my thoughts tumble together, each more alarming than the last. i've got a report
i paid off some of my credit card debt a couple days ago, but my company also charged me on their automatic pay system. i barely had enough this paycheck to cover just the single payment when this extra payment processes it's going to cost me an overdraft fee. i am in no position to let that happen and so i need money to cover for it, as well as cover for my student loan payment which also hasn't processed yet. i need somewhere around 50 to completely clear me out of any sort of financial trouble. i can use paypal or google wallet, whichever works best.
inner monologue deep, labored breaths i can't do this anymore. the constant pressure, the endless deadlines, the demands, the expectations they're crushing me. my heart pounds, my mind races. there aren't enough hours in the day, and i'm not making enough progress, not enough productivity, not enough... this was supposed to be the great opportunity, the dream job. the one where you work hard but feel fulfilled, where success means something. but instead it's turned into a relentless grind, an endless cycle of stress, self doubt, and worry. and why? for
how can the use of mindfulness practices help in such a situation? i'm staring at the blinking cursor on my computer screen, my heart pounding in my chest. the deadline for this project is looming, and i can't seem to make any progress. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts they're all jumbled together, a chaotic mess. i can't focus. i can't think straight. my breathe comes in short, sharp gasps. sweat beads on my forehead. i feel a familiar tension in my shoulders, like a knotted rope that's getting tighter and tighter. i'm on the verge of a panic attack
i can't keep going like this. i feel drained and empty, as if all the energy has been sucked out of me. i can't concentrate, can't focus, can't sleep, can't eat. i just want to collapse and let everything go, but i know i can't. i need to find a way to recharge, to refuel, to regain my strength. but how? imagine that person sitting in a comfortable, warm room, enveloped by soothing aromas, with soft, soothing music playing in the background. in the middle of the room, a table displays an array of healthy foods fresh fruits, vegetables, and whole grains
my husband has poor impulse control his words especially when he gets angry or frustrated. i've noticed he often will take out frustration on the dog he's a rescue who is legitimately hard to manage . he's never hit me or hit the dog, but he will often pull the leash too hard and go too far with discipline. for example the other day, the dog was having a lot of anxiety and being bad and barking in the car at every dog we passed. when we arrived home my partner got out of the car and pulled the dogs leash so hard that he fell out the door into his back.
it s open enrollment, most government systems in the us are poorly managed so most go without full knowledge what they re signing up for, and the pressure of management can be intense to reach certain metrics. i enjoy the money but the politics of it all be disconcerting. it s not at all what i want to do with my life. i ve been in and out of doctors appointments for my thyroid goiter. my mom said my great grandfather had the same thing and it causes anxiety. but most of it stems from my verbally abusive, alcoholic dad and being raped twice in my life.
why does life seem like an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities? i'm exhausted from juggling work, family, and personal responsibilities. it feels like i'm constantly putting out fires and there's never enough time or energy to catch up. i just want a break, but how can i take one when it feels like the world will crumble if i do? i'm drowning in the weight of expectations and the stress is taking a toll on my mental and physical health. how can i find peace and happiness when it feels like there's always something demanding my attention?
the words might reflect anger, frustration, desperation, or despair. feel free to use literary or figurative language, and aim for a rhythmic, poetic flow to help convey the intensity of the inner experience. beneath the hollow facade of tranquility, i'm drowning, sinking deeper into the mire, my soul a darkened abyss swallowing my sanity. a whirlwind of unbridled chaos churns in the guts of my being, gnawing, clawing at my very core, the shattered remnants of my peace reduced to a fading ember, smothered by the oppressive weight of unmet obligations.
quote in the depths of my weary soul, where shadows cast doubt and worry gnarls, i long for a beacon of solace, a haven of quiet reflection and renewal. the storm within threatens to engulf me, a cacophony of fear and uncertainty. yet, i cling to the faintest ember of hope, the belief that with each exhale of my breath, i can quench the tumult, banish the shadows, and find the peace i seek. anonymous. this quote speaks to the internal struggle of someone facing mental exhaustion and stress, who longs for a moment of peace and tranquility to find renew
monologue deep, labored breaths today is not the day. not the day for this. i can't do it all. all of it. i've got emails piled up like a tower of babel, project deadlines creeping ever closer like termites eating away at the foundation of my plans, reports and presentations and meetings and phone calls and... voice trembles oh god. breathe. i can't breathe. the weight of responsibility pressing down on my chest like an anvil. it's too much. i'm drowning in it all. the expectations. the obligations. my own insecurities that feed on the fear of failure
breathe in... breathe out... five more minutes, just five more minutes. come on, i can do this. i need to focus, yet every thought distracts me. why am i even here? this deadlines looming, bills piling up, expectations mounting... i can't take it anymore. how did i get myself into this? a deep sigh, i clench my jaw, grip my pen too tightly as my heart pounds wildly in my chest. i can't stay here any longer. i need to break free, to find some relief, to escape the weight of the world pressing down on me. but i can't, not yet, not with so much at stake
title burdened beneath in the pulsating recesses of my mind, an inextinguishable flame, stoked by the cacophony of a relentless waterfall of responsibilities, licked away at my last vestiges of composure, a perilous dance upon the razor s edge between consciousness and an abyss of chaos. the oppressive weight upon my chest felt as though atlas himself was balancing the world s sins upon my shoulders the crushing burden of obligations, an insurmountable tower, erected upon a foundation of inescapable deadlines. my breath, an uneven symphony, eked from
and godforbid i see an insect anywhere near me, even if it s through a car window, jar, or whatever oh boy, i get very anxious. sometimes i have never ending anxiety that lasts for multiple days, and flares up at the worst times. and if i drink caffeine, oh man, that makes it even worse. nicotine withdrawal can compound this sometimes, increasing my anxiety twofold, and, ironically, making me too anxious to go out to smoke which causes a vicious cycle that while temporary, can really fuck me up for the time it s going on. i m wondering what i can do.
use vivid and descriptive language to paint a picture of the person's mental state. in the deep recesses of his fractured mind, a tempest of torment and despair waged an unending war. thoughts careened through the labyrinthine corridors of his psyche like rabid, frenzied beasts, braying for release from their chaotic, jumbled domain. each moment hung like a heavy lead weight, clinging to him with insidious tenacity, sinking ever deeper into the abyssal chasm that gaped yawningly before him. an opaque veil of fear, self doubt, and inescapable guilt sh
i had no more than three consecutive appointments with each specialist before being shifted away to a different department, then being put on a 3 6 month waiting list. i eventually got a new psychologist who admitted after four sessions he didn't have a clue what to do with me, so i quit seeking treatment for a year. i've since attempted treatment again and was referred to cbt despite my protests. after two half hour sessions, they decided to refer me back to psychology. i've been on a waiting list for the past 4 months and am beginning to lose hope.
monologue oh god, i can't breathe, my heart is racing, my palms are sweaty. why does this always happen to me? the pressure, the weight, it feels insurmountable. i've got deadlines looming, emails stacked high like a never ending mountain, and meetings i know i'm not prepared for. each new challenge seems to add more fuel to the already burning fire within me. i can't focus, i can't think clearly. this knot in my stomach is tighter than ever, a constant reminder of my inadequacies. it feels like i'm barely holding it together. breathe, i tell myself
every day feels like a constant uphill battle. my mind is a swirling chaos of responsibilities, deadlines, and expectations, all fighting for a place to rest. sleep offers no escape as thoughts of tomorrow infiltrate my dreams, further perpetuating the mental strain. each exhale brings the weight of the world's obligations a little bit closer, suffocating my capacity to function. yet, amidst the turmoil, i cling to a flicker of hope that a moment of peace and rejuvenation awaits around the corner, fueling the fire within me to keep pressing forward.
the person might be saying something like, i'm just so overwhelmed. i can't seem to catch a break. i'm constantly tired, even when i get a full night's sleep. my mind is always racing, making it hard for me to focus on anything. i feel like i'm just going through the motions and cannot seem to find joy in things that used to bring me happiness. i don't know how much longer i can keep pushing myself like this. this thought could also be expressed as a quote the weight of the world is heavy on my shoulders and i fear the day it will crush me entirely.
deep, shaky breaths why is this always so much? why can't things just go smoothly for once? i have deadlines piling up like mountains, emails flooding my inbox, and issues popping up left and right. the weight of it all is suffocating me. i can't think straight, i can't focus, and i can't escape the nagging feeling that everything is spiraling out of control. my heart races, my palms sweat, and my mind races with a thousand thoughts, all clamoring for attention. this is not sustainable. i need a breather, i need a reprieve, but instead, i'm treading
use descriptive and expressive language. in the dimly lit recesses of my mind, a tempest brewed, a veritable storm of discord and unrest, teetering on the precipice of chaos. my every thought, an electrified tendril of anxiety, zinging across the synaptic abyss in a ceaseless, relentless surge of frenetic energy. my heart thumped a tattoo, drumming out the urgent beat that drove me, that compelled me, to maintain an untenable facade of normality in the waking world. each breath i drew came with a wretched weight, a suffocating shroud of despair that
person i feel like i'm at the end of my rope. i can't keep up with the demands of my job and personal life. i can't focus or sleep properly, and i just feel completely drained. every day feels like a grind, and i can't seem to find the energy to tackle even the simplest tasks. i wish i could just escape from all of this and recharge, but i know that's not an option. i just need a break, but how do i find the time or the energy to take one? this exhaustion is starting to consume me. i'm worried that if i don't find a way to cope, i might not be able
in the following passage, please use imagery, metaphors, and sensory details to help convey the depth of the emotions. beneath the veneer of a composure as fragile as porcelain, my mind was an untamed jungle. an oppressive weight pressed down on me, suffocating, clinging to every pore, every crevice. my heart hammered inside my chest like the inexorable drums of war, a relentless beat echoing in time with the rapid firing of synapses in my brain. my breath came in ragged, unsteady gasps, every inhalation laden with a stifling, cloying smell of fear
inner monologue heavy sigh i can't do this anymore. the deadlines, the emails, the phone calls...it never ends. i'm drowning in work, and my personal life is a distant memory. every morning, i wake up feeling exhausted before i've even started my day. my stress levels are at an all time high, and i can't seem to shake it off. why am i doing this to myself? i thought i wanted this job, this level of responsibility, this amount of money. but now, i'm not so sure. i feel like i'm constantly running on empty, with no end in sight. every decision i make
stress can be an all consuming, heavy weight on our shoulders. it leaves us feeling drained, anxious, and helpless. each day can feel like a uphill battle, with each challenge adding another brick to the wall. we long for the days of peace and simplicity, but the constant grind makes even those moments seem like a distant memory. the emotional toll of stress takes a heavy toll on our wellbeing, eroding away at our mental and physical strength. it's a battle we must wage everyday, but the hope remains that we'll find the resilience to keep fighting.
here's mine the gentle breeze that once brought me comfort now feels like an icy dagger, poking holes in my weary soul. each breath is a labor, tearing at the fabric of my being as if to expose my innermost vulnerabilities. and yet, amidst this cacophony of internal strife, a tiny, desperate voice still dares to whisper, can't i just take a break? even for a moment? but the cruel hands of responsibility clamp down with unyielding force, snuffing out the embers of hope and leaving me shattered and hollow, forever chained to this treadmill of stress.
inner voice muttering this is it. i've reached the tipping point. another day, another crisis. can't keep up. can't focus. breathe, man, just breathe. in, out, deep breaths. but the emails, the calls, the meetings all clawing for my attention. every day is a war of priorities and i'm losing ground. my god, the deadlines, the expectations, the pressure. they're mounting up and each one threatening to bury me beneath its own avalanche of consequence. but who am i to complain? everyone's dealing with their own issues, their own demons, their own fires
try to focus on their thoughts, feelings, and behaviors. title drowning in a sea of tasks exhale deeply another day, another dozen emails, another heap of reports to pore over, another pile of deadlines teetering on the precipice. breathe in, and again, out. can't believe it, but here we go. anxiety pinches at my temples, its icy claws latching on to my thoughts, tightening their vice like grip. i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, capsizing under the weight of responsibilities that loom over me like the shadow of an endless nightmare. every single task
include sensory and emotional details. inner monologue heart pounds in my chest as i sit at my desk, hands steady but trembling, sweat trickling down the nape of my neck. my breath comes in ragged gasps. the noise outside is a deafening roar cars zooming past, children playing, horns blaring. every little sound feels like a dagger against my fragile nerves. why is it that i can't just handle it? why can't i manage this insane workload? i've barely finished a task before another one piles on. the clock seems to mock me with its ceaseless ticking. it
the thoughts should be choppy, disjointed, with sudden shifts, intrusive ideas, anxiety, fear, uncertainty, and frustration. inner monologue deep, rhythmic breaths god, the deadline is tomorrow. the clients are demanding. my team is struggling. this project is becoming a living nightmare. why did i even get into this line of work? why can't i just be good enough? frustration builds there's an email. an email from a colleague. i can't even open it right now. this is all just too much. a new project request? another fire to put out? anxiety kicks in
i feel like im against everyone else i have been stressed at school for a couple of months now, because of exams and some relationship with my classmates. the easter holidays did not made me recover as much as i hoped, and now,not only the final month is gonna be mayhem on earth,but the girl i liked apparently still loves her ex, i didn't corfess to her because of that wft why would i. i feel like everyone is going against me, but if they want a fight,i'll give em a fight, i will fight to the last brain cell, until i will get out completely melted
clearly he's hurting inside and i want to get him help, but he refuses to get help because he denies he has a problem, and blames it on everyone else. he then punches me as a result of this, pushing me almost off my chair. i get up and push him away from me, and so he picks up my workbooks and flings them across the floor. he raises his fist above his head, and in defense i get the broomhead not the broom that's already been broken to push him away from me. he then gets the broomhead and throws it down the corridor into my room with the door open.
being in there was hell, i cried most of the first few days. i was very disoriented, couldn't sleep, the windows had metal grates over them. the bathrooms were locked and you had to ask for permission to use the toilets. while i was waiting to use the toilet the nurse came in my room and grabbed the door out of my hands forcefully and i didn't let go i think its my right to use the bathroom when i need to . she then came back with a bunch of men and they held me down to the bed, pulled down my pants and gave me a shot in the butt of some sedative.
use these sentence starters 1. i can't help but feel 2. sometimes i wonder 3. it seems as though 4. every day feels the same and 1. i can't help but feel swallowed by the endless list of obligations that demand my attention, each more urgent than the last. 2. sometimes i wonder how i managed to fit all these responsibilities into just 24 hours in a day. 3. it seems as though my to do list is growing exponentially, and i'm drowning in the sea of expectations and commitments. 4. every day feels the same, a relentless cycle of deadlines, appointments
they can't escape their thoughts and it's consuming them. exhales deeply, rubs eyes, glances at the clock for the tenth time in an hour i can't believe it's only two o'clock. twenty four hours have slipped through my fingers like sand, leaving me empty handed. empty handed and buried beneath a mountain of responsibilities that threatens to crush me. the weight of expectations on my shoulders feels unbearable. how am i supposed to keep up with this pace, to be superwoman or superman, and still maintain my sanity? tugs at her hair, clenches fists my
inner monologue blink. blink. focus. my mind races at a thousand miles an hour. emails clog my inbox, meetings back to back with impossible deadlines, and personal commitments lingering outside the office door. it's like trying to pour water from a cracked bucket. everything is a fire, a crisis, a problem. nothing is simple or easy. each moment comes with its own storm of tasks that threatens to drown me. a never ending cycle of stress. how do i manage it all? think, focus. analyze each piece, tackle it methodically, one at a time. prioritize the
stomach pain anybody else get horrible stomach chest pain for days on end when immense stress is in your life? it's finals, and last year i had the same exact issue during finals. stomach pain. i can only assume that it's bad heartburn ... i feel bloated like a dead animal in the blazing heat. feels like a big sharp iron bit of metal is in there twisting and pulling at my organs it's impossible to move or eat and last time i went to the dr about it they put me on an anti acid and sent me home i hope it's just stress, does anybody else get this???
while my friends and myself included, have high hopes that this will work out, i m petrified because i am putting my feelings on the table. i m going to be so damn vulnerable. while he s expressed and shown signs that he s just as into this as i am, if not more so, i ve also never done this before. i ve only been in 1 college relationship before this, followed by 3 years of singleness and ultimate casual fuckery. i know my feelings for him are real and i owe it to myself to fight for a chance of a relationship with someone i feel so strongly for.
experiencing a physical stress symptom but don't feel stressed so i know i'm experiencing stress, because i'm getting a sensation in the back of my head not quite a headache but a bit of discomfort , which has always been associated with stressful anxious situations. it started occuring right after i started uni again, so that's probably the cause. the thing is though, i don't feel anxious or anything though, i just have this one symptom.. is this just as bad as being full on stressed? like will it age me the same amount that full on stress will?
i grab my partner and told him we need to get out of here right fucking now! we made hour way out of the building, as we were exiting the conditions increasingly got worse, just as we made the door the room flashover, my partner was already in the hallway i was still in the room. many times when firefighters are caught in a flash over the outcome is death, for me it was burns to years, wrists, and face. i still consider myself very lucky. after that i started struggling with anxiety at work and home. on my days off i started to drink excessively.
person sighing deeply i can't keep up with all the demands on me. work, family, personal obligations they're all piling up and i feel like i'm drowning. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace. it's exhausting, both physically and mentally. i just wish i could find a way to slow down and take a breather, but it feels like there's no end in sight. sometimes i wonder if this is just the new normal, or if there's a way to break free from this cycle of stress and exhaustion. it's a heavy burden to bear, and i fear that
inner monologue blink. blink. blink. my eyes flicker open to the alarm clock flashing 5 45am. the sound of the snooze button punctuating the still silence of the dark room. the world outside had not yet begun to stir from its slumber. but i had to. this was the reality of my life now a daily grind of early mornings and endless deadlines. my muscles ache as i swing my legs over the edge of the bed and plant my feet firmly on the cold floor, the carpet stinging my bare toes. the smell of burnt coffee wafts through the air as i pour my second cup of
inner monologue deep, heavy sigh i just can't take this anymore. the constant pressure to perform, to meet unrealistic deadlines, to solve problems that seem unsolvable. the never ending emails, phone calls, and meetings, all clamoring for my attention. the incessant chatter of coworkers, the never ending cycle of the day to day grind. and for what? to put food on the table, to pay the bills, to keep up the facade of a normal life? is this all there is? the weight of the world is on my shoulders and it's becoming too much. my heart races, my mind
inner monologue oh god, another day, another dollar. the alarm blares its relentless call to duty. my body wants to ignore it, wants to burrow deeper into the blankets and escape the confines of reality. but, i can't. i've got deadlines, i've got demands, i've got expectations looming over me like an ominous cloud. the coffee maker gurgles to life, and the rich aroma of fresh brewed java wafts into my consciousness, a fleeting reminder of the simple pleasure i used to enjoy. the mug i grasp in my hands is cool, and with every sip, i feel a small
use first person and focus on their thoughts and feelings. in the pit of my stomach, a knot begins to form. my heart races as i scan the email one more time. the deadline, looming ominously in the not so distance, taunts me. how am i going to get this done? how can i possibly meet their expectations, when i can't even meet my own? my mind spirals into a vortex of self doubt and anxiety, each thought more damning than the last. i m a failure. i m incapable of handling this much pressure. they re all going to find out that i m a fraud. a shrill be
never experienced this much stress before, also i am young hey guys, so basically yesterday, something happened which made me extremely stressed, like i never been this stressed before so it just fucked me up, it was health related, i talked to a few friends, i felt better and i do feel a lot better rn, but i'm not the usual me. this stress is taking a toll on me, mentally and physically, i also had globus sensation for some time, it resolved though, so i just wanna know what i can do to overcome this and feel better both physically and mentally
inner monologue deep, hurried breaths i can't do this anymore. the pressure is unbearable. the deadlines, the never ending list of tasks, the constant demands. my mind is a whirlwind of chaos, thoughts crashing against one another, drowning out any sense of calm or peace. i'm so exhausted, mentally and physically. every muscle aches, my head throbs with an aching intensity. each breath is a struggle, each heartbeat echoing the pounding in my head. but i can't give in. i can't let them down. i've got responsibilities. i've got commitments. people
they might be saying things like, i can't do this anymore, i feel like i'm hitting a wall, or i just want to escape. the thought could be i feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities, expectations, and demands. i want to scream and shout, to let it all out, but i can't afford to. i feel trapped in this cycle of constant stress and pressure, and it's wearing me down. i crave the freedom to simply be, to rest, to breathe. but the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, and i can't shake it. i fear for the day when i'll crumble under the
inner voice whispering another day, another dollar. another breath, another heartbeat. check emails. no, that's not an email from the boss. yet. coffee, the fuel for the day. deep breaths, focus, focus. deadline approaches, pressure mounts inner voice how am i going to meet this deadline? all these tasks, all these responsibilities. can't delegate, can't ask for help. not my style. my pride, my reputation on the line. every misstep, every miscommunication, a potential failure. no margin for error. external stresses escalate colleague passing by
i live in a high end building and i feel if i were to talk to the people who work in the office they wouldn t take my name off the lease, that they wouldn t care. i have told a couples therapist and my individual therapist the things he has done in the past, and what he says to me and his actions. i believe they would vouch for me. i also think if i were to say to the office people that i would like to leave before a real scene is made cops being called, screaming, damage, etc that they will be more inclined to take my name off lease. thoughts?
title burdened by the weight of the world i can't do this anymore. my mind feels like a tangled web, spinning with threads of fear, doubt, and relentless pressure. every minute ticks by like an unforgiving clock, reminding me of the ever growing stack of deadlines and unfulfilled promises. my chest constricts, heart palpitates i can't breathe. this is no longer a job it's a struggle for survival. i look around at my coworkers, their faces expressionless, eyes blank. we're just cogs in the giant machine, churning out productivity, day after day.
inner monologue why is life so insanely complex? each day brings a new onslaught of challenges, a tidal wave of expectations, a jigsaw puzzle that seems never ending. my mind reels under the weight of it all, a merry go round of thoughts relentlessly circling. another email. another request. another problem to solve. why can't the universe just give me a break for a moment? my to do list is a never ending spiral, and at the heart of it, me just a humble human trying to juggle the balls of life without dropping them. why must deadlines feel like
hi, my partner is a dv survivor after 15 years, he eroded everything about her and mentally abused her mostly throughout with sexual elements towards the last few years shes lovely, the most caring girl in the world and so beautiful but its also not easy, she likes a few drinks at weekends and the drink brings out a different girl or maybe its the true girl im not sure, this girl has vivid flashbacks and they are pretty harsh shes in therapy too and thats tough going as well its popping the cork on all the anger she has bottled up over 15 years
exhales deeply, rubbing their temples as the morning sun beats down on their sweat soaked brow. another tedious day awaits. thoughts swirl like leaves on an autumn wind, a cacophony of worry and fear that leaves their mind churning, a relentless cycle that won't be stopped. bills. mortgages. groceries. rent. the debt that haunts them seems ever growing, like a tumor in their thoughts. how will i pay all this back? they ponder. the constant stress consumes them, like a malignant disease that leaves no room for anything but the suffocating weight
person why am i constantly feeling drained and overwhelmed? it seems like no matter what i do, there are always a million things vying for my attention and depleting my energy. i want to break free from this cycle of stress and mental exhaustion, but i don't know where to start. maybe i just need to take a step back and prioritize better. or perhaps, i need to learn to say no more often. or maybe, i need to seek out professional help to understand the root cause of my overwhelming stress and anxiety. regardless, i cannot keep living like this.
exhales deeply, shoulders hunched, eyes glassy, hands clenched into fists on the desk. sweat beads form on the brow. thoughts race through a disorganized mind, churning up a whirlpool of anxiety. each word a struggle, the voice in the head a ragged whisper. five more hours, just five more hours. how can it be only ten o'clock in the morning and the deadline already feels like it's upon me? why isn't today moving faster? i thought i'd have time, that i could handle this that i was enough. yet here i sit, staring at a screen of words and numbers
how does the person speak to himself or herself? what are some things that the person might say to ease his or her anxiety? inner monologue deep, labored breaths oh god, i can't do this. the pressure is unbearable. the deadline is looming, and i'm drowning in work. my mind is a tangled web of deadlines, bills, family obligations, and personal expectations. how am i supposed to meet all of these demands? i thought i could handle it, but now i'm not so sure. i've got this projects due in three days, and i've barely made a dent in it. my phone is
inner monologue my heart beats wildly against my ribs, pounding in my ears as i stare down at the overflowing inbox. the weight of unread emails, pending tasks, and unmet deadlines presses down on me like an unwieldy atlas. each new message is a dagger in my side, a reminder of what i have yet to accomplish. the clock ticks in my peripheral vision, mocking me, reminding me of the passing time and the dwindling hours until the day is done. my thoughts spiral out of control. i'm not good enough, i can't keep up, my co workers will realize that i
title the tide of anxiety a cold, relentless drizzle drenched the urban jungle, echoing my troubled mind as it seeped in through every crevice. each droplet, a microcosm of my anxiety, bounced mercilessly against the shimmering window pane, leaving me transfixed, yet unable to absorb or escape its ceaseless inundation. my heart was a pendulum, swinging between the rapidity of an escaped captive and the dreadful sloth of an enclaved convict. each second of quiet stillness was punctuated by my pounding pulse, a rhythmic symphony of anxiety that
inner monologue why is this happening to me? the deadlines keep piling up, the emails just won't stop coming, and the responsibilities seem endless. my heart races as i try to keep up, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, but no matter how hard i try, it feels like i'm falling behind. the anxiety settles in like a heavy fog, enveloping me, choking me, making every breath a struggle. i can't think straight, can't focus. my stomach twists into knots with each new challenge. i want to shout, to scream, to just let it all out, but i can't.
has anyone here tried peer counselling for stress? hey everyone, something i tried during covid to help with anxiety was peer counselling activities basically you join a 1 1 call with someone in a similar situation, and using a script, take turns asking each other a set of questions. the goal is not to give advice definitely not psychotherapy advice , just to listen actively and follow the script. i'm looking to start doing this again. if anyone is interested, comment or dm me. i'm planning to create a discord group if there's enough interest
title shattered the world inside my head was a maelstrom of disarray a tempest that roared and clawed with every thought that entered. i was a hollow husk, a puppet manipulated by a malevolent master that held me hostage to its every whim, ensnared by a labyrinth of fears, doubts, and regrets. i stood at the precipice of an abyss that threatened to swallow me whole as i grappled with the unyielding weight of pressure. each breath elicited the fragile sting of a thousand needles, burrowing ever deeper into the unspoiled fathoms of my psyche. i
i've stayed up at night hearing them quietly talk about things they can't pay right now, trying to figure out the order to deal with debts, what they can do to make this christmas feel like normal . the only thing i know right now is that i don't know what is going to happen next. i don't know where my dad will live if he has to sell what he and my mother worked so hard for over the years. i don't know where my siblings and i will go if we run into troubles. i don't even know if my family will be able to afford any sort of funeral right now.
in the gloom of the night, a relentless storm of thoughts tore through my weary mind. each wave, fueled by an intense fear, pounded against my fortified walls of resolve, threatening to shatter them into oblivion. an unyielding sense of dread gnawed at the recesses of my spirit, casting a menacing shadow over every fragment of my conscious thoughts. i can't do this, i whispers, the plea mingling with the tempest raging within. my breath came in ragged gasps, shallow and weak. each inhale felt as though i was sucking the icy air into my lungs
include references to both mental and physical symptoms. inner monologue god, i can't do this anymore. the relentless hum of my thoughts is drowning me. the clock ticks and tocks, each second an insurmountable burden. my heart races, a wild stallion trapped in my chest. i can't breathe, not really. each inhale feels like drawing the last gasps of life through the reeds of an ancient marsh. and yet, i'm expected to perform, to excel, to be a machine forging through the grindstone of life. my mind reels, tangled up in thoughts and fears and to
i can't do this. i can't keep up. the deadlines are closing in on me, looming like mountains in the horizon, getting bigger, more menacing with every passing second. the pressure is mounting, threatening to crush me beneath it. i can't breathe, i can't think, i can't focus. why am i like this? why can't i handle this workload like everyone else seems to? am i truly incapable, or is it just a matter of willpower? i thought i could do it, that i was strong enough to handle anything that came my way. but now i'm doubt, i'm fear, i'm overwhelmed
i tried to break up with him at the end of the semester the day he was supposed to leave but he intentionally missed his flight to stay talking to me and talk me into staying with him. i don't know what to do. mostly, i am scared that i will deal some kind of huge blow to his mental health and am just very scared of the repurcussions. i have friends apart from him i feel like i can fall back on, but i feel like a monster for confirming his fear of abandonment. i also feel conflicted because he is incredibly kind and generous and affectionate
they are reflecting during a quiet moment, like taking a hot shower or gazing out of the window, considering how their choices got them to this point and how they might be able to make some changes moving forward. i realized in the steamy silence of the shower, the soothing droplets unable to relieve my burdened mind, that my insatiable need to please everyone and take on too many commitments had led me here. amidst the bubbles, i vowed to prioritize self care, set boundaries, and respect my own limits, even if it meant saying no more often.
inner monologue why now, goddammit? why today of all days? i wake up feeling like i've been hit by a freight train, the remnants of last night's sleeplessness clinging to me like wet towels. another 24 hours ahead, brimming with an insurmountable to do list, each item demanding my immediate attention and full commitment. this is no way to live. but life isn't waiting for me to catch up. it barrels ahead, relentless and merciless, piling responsibility upon me like waves crashing against the shore. i can only tread water for so long before i
i was nice, and it got me no where, so i was rude, it got worse. i compliment my mom and my sister as much as i can, i tell my sister i m proud of her, i tell both of them i love them, i take care of my mom the best i can, but i m still their verbal punching bag. every day i tell my mom that i love her, that she looks pretty, etc etc, but it ends up in her replying with you re gonna fail this year you know that right? you need to do your school work . my sister called me naive and immature for not making fun of people s interests and looks.
anyway our talk basically went nowhere and she said she absolutely will not stop hanging out with the group. i didn t tell her to, but i did tell her that it hurts me that she would engage with people who apparently have so many negative things to say about me, and i thought blood was thicker than water. really it s her callous yea i see you re in pain but i don t care, get over it type of standpoint that s hurting me the most. i m starting to think she too participates in the trash talking and i m thinking of cutting her off too. should i?
one's thoughts during a time of intense stress and mental exhaustion can often be a jumbled, overwhelming mixture of emotions, tasks, and responsibilities. here are some common thoughts that might be running through someone's mind how am i supposed to do all of this? i feel so overwhelmed. i can't focus on anything right now. my mind is a fog. everything feels heavy and overwhelming. i just want a break. i'm so exhausted, both mentally and physically. how can i keep going like this? i'm not enough. i can't handle all of this. i need help. i
this can include thoughts about why you re feeling this way and what steps you might take to manage stress better. as i juggle multiple work projects, family responsibilities, and personal obligations, the weight of my tasks grows increasingly heavy, suffocating me with anxiety and leaving little room for moments of tranquility or reflection. i must acknowledge that my current coping mechanisms of workaholism and isolation are unsustainable, and prioritize self care, delegation, and intentional downtime to foster balance in my chaotic life.
inner monologue deep, hurried breaths another day, another pile of tasks. this is insane. i can't keep up. deadlines are closing in, expectations are mounting, and every mistake feels like a personal failure. i need a break. just five minutes of calm...no, that's not enough. what about a day? a week? no, can't afford that luxury. the world keeps spinning, and i'm just treading water, sinking a little more each time. the phone is ringing again. that must be client number three. great, another crisis to put out. i don't have time for this. my
inner monologue oh god, i can't take it anymore. the never ending pile of work, the deadlines looming over me like a colossal, dark, foreboding cloud, the constant ringing of the phone and the incessant chatter of colleagues. it all feels like too much, it's just too much. i can't concentrate, my heart is racing, my stomach churning. every muscle in my body is tense, every nerve is on edge. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and it's becoming unbearable. i need a break, i need a release, i need some peace. but how? how can i find a
person i feel like i'm running on an endless treadmill. the daily grind is exhausting me both physically and mentally. each day blends into the next with the same tasks and the same unending to do list. i can't seem to catch a break or find a moment of peace. i'm constantly on edge, and i can't seem to shake the feeling that i'm not good enough or that i've missed something important. thought perhaps it's time to reassess my priorities and simplify my life. i don't have to do it all, and it's okay to let go of some responsibilities. i need
november 8 is the anniversary of when i was kidnapped and raped. the anniversaries are always hard on me, and this year is feeling extra hard. on facebook a lot of my friends are celebrating their own or their kids birthdays today, their wedding anniversaries, sharing memories of the awesome vacations they were on on this day last year, etc. i feel weird and alone in my trauma. it s not that i want anyone to have to join me in misery, but i guess i m wondering if anyone else out there happens to be dealing with this at the same time as me.
inner monologue breathe in... breathe out... focus. i need to focus. i can't let this get to me. the deadlines, the pressures, the expectations they're all piling up and i feel like i'm drowning. my heart races, my mind races faster. the clock on the wall seems to mock me with its unrelenting ticking. i can't do this. i'm not enough. not smart enough, not fast enough, not strong enough. this project is too big, too complex, too overwhelming. the weight of it all threatens to crush me. and i thought taking on this challenge would be a good
person sighs heavily i can't believe this is my life. i'm always so tired, my mind is foggy and i just can't seem to catch a break. the constant demands at work and home are taking a toll on me. i feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the smallest things set me off. i can't keep up with everything, and it's starting to affect my relationships and my health. i wish i could just press the pause button on life for a little while, but i know i can't. i need to figure out a way to cope with all of this before i completely break down.
inner monologue breathe in... and out. i can't believe it. another day of non stop work. my inbox is filled with emails i've yet to respond to, deadlines are closing in fast, and my calendar is overflowing with meetings. i didn't sign up for this. i remember the promise of a work life balance, the excitement of a new job, but somehow it all spiraled out of control. my mind is racing, my heart is pounding, and i can feel the weight of stress building up in my chest. breathe in... and out. what am i even doing here? i'm not cut out for this
it cleared up and i was okay but. on monday i was thinking about humans and how the brain works and it tripped me out i got worried that because i was thinking about how the brain works that i would lose sleep and i did. that night was bad just like last time. also yesterday my sleep was bad i woke up like every hour of the night just like last time. i got kind of scared like i did last time but this time i think that this is fake life which is absurd but i just think about it then get really scared then i think rationally then calm down.
she doesn't pay for my tuition yet constantly puts me down by calling me dumb. anyone have any tips on how to survive the next week? so far i've been playing super loud music in my headphones whenever she tries to come up and say something to me but i'm looking for options that are less likely to end up in my going deaf haha. any tips for how i can quickly forge a future without her in my life would be helpful too. i'm in my third year of college and am hoping to have a job after i graduate but at the moment i feel so chained down to her.
it's always been something i have feared but it's got so much worse since developing anxiety. i think it stems down to the fact i had a tooth removed when i was only 5. doesn't sound like a big deal but my mum didn't tell me i had to have it removed till the actual day. she just woke me up and got me in the car and told me we were going to the hospital the children's dentist was at the hospital so they could put me asleep and remove my tooth. obviously at 5 that seemed pretty scary, didn't help that i had to wait 3 hours when i got there.
an individual who is feeling overwhelmed by stress might express their feelings in various ways depending on their personality, comfort level, and coping mechanisms. here are some common signs and expressions emotionally anxiety, sadness, or moodiness irritability, anger, or frustration fear, worry, or self doubt helplessness, hopelessness, or powerlessness insecurity, inadequacy, or feeling unimportant or unloved overreaction or underreaction to situations physically headaches, muscle tension, or body pain sweating, trembling, or shaking
have been living with seizures for about 6 years now, trying to remain well let alone be successful but lack support not only in my family but also in the medical community. i've been trying to move across the country to salem, or for the past couple months, thinking that i could better manage my medical condition there and thrive, but i've been paying into housing that is falling through at the beginning of nov. i'm eating my non existant bank account and running ramped in my mind trying to figure all of this out. advice needed. please.
inner monologue breathe. in...out...in...out. the hum of the fluorescent lights above feels like a steady drone in my ears. the endless, endless paperwork stares back at me, taunts me with its mundane, unending tasks. why does it always feel like there's never enough time in the day to finish, to do it all? my thoughts ricochet between the looming deadlines, the phone calls i need to make, the meetings that have piled up like an unending to do list. i can't do this anymore. the stress coils around my shoulders, a heavy, unyielding burden
the inner monologue might include feelings of frustration, panic, helplessness, fear, anger, despair, or anxiety. inner monologue oh no, not this again. the clock is ticking, and i'm drowning in a sea of work. the phone won't stop ringing, the emails keep pouring in, and there's always that stack of papers on my desk, mocking me with their pristine whiteness. i can't keep up. i feel so helpless. i'm drowning in deadlines, obligations, and expectations, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going. the pressure is building, and i can
then write a response from someone empathetic and caring 2 3 sentences . stressed and overwhelmed i feel like i'm drowning in work and responsibilities. the deadlines, the meetings, the expectations it's all just too much. i don't know how to manage it all. empathetic response i understand how you feel. it's common to feel overwhelmed when we have a lot on our plates. take a deep breath and let's break down your tasks together. i believe in you, and we can work through this together. remember, it's okay to ask for help when you need it.
really stressed vs. under performance so i wanted to get a better grasp on this concept because there are times when i am stressed yet still maintaining a fairly healthy mindset. there are other times i feel less stressed out but i am not healthy and my mentality is worn down. how do you keep a clear distinction between the two when there is so much stimulation, distractions and stressors in life? i want to have a clear understanding of myself and how i function for longevity reasons. thank you for taking the time to read my submission!
im freaking out and my perfectionism is ruining my grades i have an exam in a few hours but i just can't focus on studying, i've been working hard in the middle of the semester its my fourth year in college and i want to have good grades for once but i somehow always end up wasting the time right before the exam and i hate myself because now even if i make it i'm going to get an average grade at best i'm so angry at myself and i don't know how to change i don't want to keep feeling like my efforts mean nothing i want them to be fruitful
inner monologue deep, agitated breaths ugh, this is it. another sleepless night, another exhausting day looming ahead. my brain feels like it's constantly rewinding and playing back the never ending to do list on a stuck cd. why can't i just push the eject button? deadlines keep stacking up and my productivity level has plummeted to an all time low. i'm just a ball of unmanageable stress, emotions tightly coiled, ready to snap. why am i even here? tired of being pulled into the black hole of work demands, relationships, and expectations
stress management okay, so how do you fellow working citizens deal with stress? i just started a new job and the perfectionist in me is so nervous. i know i m just starting but i literally want to blow my brains out because of how fucking dumb i can be with it sometimes. not literally but just like if i wasn t so nervous my stupid brain would actually function better. just agg ughh i know i know. practice makes perfect but like . what the fuck man. i m so scared i will fail and tarnish the company name and get fired for being a dumbass.
stress is an intricate emotion that can manifest itself in a multitude of ways, depending on the individual's personality and coping mechanisms. when someone is overwhelmed with stress, they might exhibit the following feelings and behaviors 1. emotional frustration, annoyance, or anger anxiety, apprehension, or fear sadness, hopelessness, or despair mood swings or irritability feeling powerless or helpless overwhelmed or emotionally drained sense of impending doom or catastrophe 2. behavioral procrastination or difficulty concentrating
person why am i even trying? i can't seem to catch a break, no matter how hard i work. every time i think i've turned a corner, another problem arises. i'm feeling so mentally and emotionally drained. it's all just too much. i need a break, but i don't see one coming anytime soon. i'm starting to wonder if it's all worth it. maybe i should just give up and let go of the struggle. but then, i remember all the progress i've made and the things i've accomplished. i don't want to give up, but the weight of it all is too heavy. i feel like i
the weight of constant stress gnaws away at the edges of my mind, wearing me down like relentless waves against the shore. my thoughts are foggy, my moods volatile. anxiety bubbles beneath the surface, a constant, churning tide. fatigue creeps in, making even the simplest tasks a struggle. i long for a respite, a moment of stillness in the storm, but it seems ever out of reach. in time, the constant stress can feel like a heavy, burdensome chain that binds me, threatening to steal away my joy, my peace, and the very essence of who i am.
student loans and i m living a miserable life but i m working as much as i can without feeling 100 dead inside but i have to pay them up in a week or they default and i don t know what to do. i would seriously do anything for anyone for the money to help me keep my head above water. i m completely miserable and i m trying but i ve been even more depressed than normal and i don t know what to do anymore. i feel like a heart attack is on my horizon. i spend the bare minimum, i starve or drink an 85 cent soda for 3 4 days out of the week.
so i'm currently in a decision if i suffer from social anxiety or not. if i can i will ask ny step mom tonight as we like to watch tv at night diwn stairs with a cuo of tea but thats if she doesn't go to bed straight away. i know i'm too scared and will just freeze up to ask her to stay down. i want to tell my step mom because i know she will tell my dad, i wouldn't be able to tell anyone else accept for my nan. i'm in a really tough situation right now as i want to see a doctor or therapist about this but i need to tell someone first.
i also used to get really bad nightmares about dying and the afterlife when i was a kid and my mom would have to rub my chest til i fell asleep. i never ever thought it was anxiety and i didn t want to diagnose myself because i know some people actually have it and i wouldn t want to compare my stress to that. just wondering if it s possible that this is like mild anxiety or i am just sleep deprived? also if its possible that anxiety can be come back after a decade of not having any noticeable events? thanks ahead of time for any help.
random? need advice. soooo i def have anxiety. i was just casually hanging out. playing video games. then i felt like i had a small ball or maybe even my cats hair. idk. just stuck there. then i swallowed something? ideeeekkk. i m freaking out. it s like a thing for anxiety to make your throat feel right and raspy? now it just feel irritated. i drank water. i m having like a dry cough. i do smoke weed. sooo. idk. help? anyone have anxiety that has had this weird sensation and or swallowed a miscellaneous dust particle? lolz. thanks sm.
one potential thought from a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion could be i feel like i'm constantly running on empty. no matter how much i sleep or try to relax, i can't seem to recharge. the weight of all my responsibilities and obligations feels overwhelming, and i'm not sure i have the energy to keep going. i wonder if it's possible to truly escape the demands of modern life and find some peace and restoration. but until then, i suppose i'll just have to keep pushing through and hope that i can find a way to refuel.
inner monologue deep, shaky breaths i can't do this. the deadlines are piling up, the emails keep coming in, the phone keeps ringing, and the pressure is building inside me like a volcano ready to erupt. my heart is racing, my mind is blank, and i can't seem to focus on anything but the weight of it all. i thought i could handle it all. i thought i was strong enough to take on this project, to meet these deadlines, to juggle all of these responsibilities. but now, i'm not so sure. i feel like i'm drowning, and every time i try to take
inner monologue breathe in... i can't do this. breathe out... why did it have to be so complicated? why couldn't things just flow smoothly? just one more hour and i'm out of here. but no, there's another project hanging over my head, an urgent email that can't wait. this is the third email today, all of them demanding a response, an explanation, an action. why is it always me? i'm just one person. how can i possibly juggle all of this? my phone is constantly ringing, texts are rolling in, and my inbox is overflowing. it's like a never
but i think the worst part is her emotional abuse. like having fun to make me scared or cry and also always putting me down like i am not good enough or ignoring me. also i feel like she is sexually attracted to me i am 17 now and uses some shitty pretending to touch me between my legs or butt. i once tried to talk with my dad about it, but he said that he and mom have enough to do and i should pull myself together. i feel like i really have to seek help, but i am so scared that people wont take me serious and think i am exaggerating.
the constant pounding of stress against my very being, an invisible barrage of boulders, relentless in its assault, gradually wearing away at my emotional fortress. my mind, a stormy sea of thoughts, never ending turmoil, tossing me about, leaving me feeling helpless and lost in its unforgiving depths. each moment stretches out into an eternity, every tick of the clock a reminder of time slipping through my fingers, my resilience ebbing away, like the setting sun, leaving me standing alone amidst the ruins of my shattered equilibrium.
how is the holiday season adding to that stress? offer a coping strategy to deal with it. as the holiday season approaches, i find myself feeling more stressed and overwhelmed than ever before. with endless gift shopping, meal planning, and social obligations, the joy of the holidays often gets lost in the chaos. a simple coping strategy i've found helpful is prioritizing self care whether it's taking a relaxing bath, practicing meditation, or simply setting aside time for quiet reflection to keep the holiday season's stresses at bay.
monologue heaving sighs as i slump in my desk chair, eyes drooping from fatigue, hands trembling as they reach for the fourth cup of coffee for the day i can't do this anymore. my schedule is overflowing, my inbox inundated, my mind cluttered, and my nerves frayed, taut as a violin string, waiting to snap. the deadline approaches faster than a freight train, and with it, the pressure, the panic. each unchecked message, each unanswered email a burden, a reminder of my inability to keep up, to manage it all. i feel like i'm drowning in
then write a response prompt to draw this person toward god. person i m feeling like i m drowning in a sea of obligations and responsibilities. the weight of the world is on my shoulders and i can t seem to catch a break. i just want it all to stop for a moment. god dear child, i see the burdens you carry and i am here for you. trust in me to provide the strength and peace you need to carry on. let go of your worries and allow me to bring stillness to your storm. in my presence, even the heaviest burdens can be lifted and made light.
after a few days i start to try to make plans with her to hang out or go out to eat even if its only for an hour or so. she ends up saying no almost all of the time and i'm getting to where i don't even ask because i feel bad that she has to say no. and this leads to me feeling lonely and unwanted. the part of this that doesn't feel fair is that she can ask to do something with me at anytime and i basically drop everything to go do whatever she wants. i say yes to literally every thing she asks because i just cant help myself not to.
how about that? no this isn't just some edgy teen, oh i hate my dad, i have every reason to hate him, for what he has done, and continues to purposely do to me and my family. for nearly killing me, for scarring us all to the point i can't even meet a nice person, or have any friends, and not wonder whether they do or don't treat their family like a lump of sh . nobody needs, nor should they ever have to live the life i have been forced to live. nobody should have to call the police because they don't feel safe within their own home.
person ugh, i feel so drained. the weight of the world seems to be on my shoulders. i can't seem to find any peace or balance in my life. every task feels like a mountain to climb, and i'm constantly worrying about the future. it's hard to focus on anything and my mind is a swirl of constant noise. i just wish i could escape from it all, even for a little while, but i know that's not an option. i'm just exhausting myself trying to keep up with the demands of life. i wonder if i'll ever be able to find inner peace and calmness again.
it s really kind of ruining my ability to empathize with some people bc of comments they ve made in the past. i witnessed the attempted suicide of my sister and then subsequent self harm targeting just towards myself for the purpose of manipulation and dealt with no one believing that it happened. so many people have told me be happy it was a failed attempt, failing to recognize the damage knowing someone i love could want to hurt me so badly did. not to mention other abuse i dealt with after that. trauma shouldn t be a competition.
one possible thought is the weight of the world feels like an unyielding load on my shoulders, squeezing every ounce of energy from my body. the unceasing hum of worry keeps me awake at night and leaves me drained during the day. every breath i take is filled with the pressure to perform and the fear of failure. it's a never ending cycle of fear, anxiety, and exhaustion that leaves me wondering how much longer i can carry this burden. yet, i press on, for the sake of those who depend on me. but how long can i hold on before i break?
deep, labored breaths god, i can't do this anymore. the deadlines, the endless emails, the relentless pressure, it's all just too much. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, each wave crashing down on me with the force of a thousand responsibilities. i thought i could handle it all the job, the family, the bills, but now it's all becoming too much. my mind races a million miles an hour, thoughts swirling like a cyclone, consuming every bit of energy i have. i can't focus, can't sleep, can't even find joy in the things i
i will browse a book on a subject that i want or need to study, research it, think about how it's going to be, then when the time for studying comes, i'm thinking about something else. sometimes i spend the day thinking about that hardcore workout i'm gong to do in the evening, and then i spend the whole workout session thinking about something else. sometimes even when i'm talking to people i like i realize my mind will wander. does anyone feel these things? do you think it's related to anxiety, or do i have adhd or something else?
inner voice frantic, racing thoughts breathe...focus... this can't be it. the relentless grind, the pressure, the deadlines, the constant demand. no, there must be more to life than this. but how can i escape? the mortgage, the bills, the responsibilities...they won't just vanish. why is it always like this? why do i have to juggle so much? why can't things be simpler? why can't people understand how hard i'm working? why does it feel like everything rests on my shoulders? the weight of the world, literally. i can't take it anymore.
inner monologue deep, heavy sigh the clock is ticking. 1 15 pm. fifteen more minutes before the daily onslaught begins. i've managed to shield myself from the external world, but for how long? i've built my fortress, my safe haven, but will it crumble beneath the pressure? the phone rings. another call. unanswered. but i know what it means, another problem, another crisis, another fire to put out. it rings again. louder. angrier. i take a deep breath, forcing myself to face the day. why can't they understand? i'm only one person. i
that was easy, i was probably anxious about my health because i lost a very close relative when i was 11. the second step was to identify when my health anxiety episodes were taken place. checking my records of doctor visits, i could see that my health anxiety manifests after a stressful period in my personal or working life. the stressful period would cause some psychosomatic symptoms and would trigger my health anxiety. another trigger would be something i heard about someone dying or getting sick or reading about a rare illness.
this is marriage 2 for both of us. husband's 52 m ex 51 f cheated, my ex 53 m had emotional affair, leading to ending marriages in the same year. we dated in high school, and reconnected as friends, started dating about a year later, moved in together after a year, got engaged 2 years after that. before getting engaged i found out he was having an emotional affair with a woman who lived about a 5 hour drive away from us. i found out when he left an im open on his computer, found steamy texts when i went to shut off a noisy program.
i was consuming quite a lot of caffeine up to 500mg per day during the summer and i'm medicated with 18mg methylphenidate for adhd. i was rarely taking caffeine with methylphenidate together as there are a lot of side effects after doing that, one of them is anxiety and increased heart rate . i don't take methylphenidate now because of the high bp and my chest pains. i have an appointment to the cardiologyst but until then i'll have all my trial exams. i'm only 18 years old, is it really possible to have a chest angina at this age?
title overloaded circuit exhale sharply time... time is running out, the gears are grinding, my brain s on fire, and the cogs in my head are rusting. i can t think straight, each breath feels labored, and i m drowning in my own thoughts. sigh just another day in my over caffeinated, micromanaged, perfectionist existence. every moment feels like an obligation, every task a mountain to conquer. and for what? to meet someone else s insatiable appetite for deadlines? my heart is galloping wildly inside my ribcage, a drumming timepiece
academic survey need participants for class survey college students with and without head injuries tbi this survey is for a research project at maryville university, examining psychological and cognitive differences that college students with without head injuries are experiencing. it should take no more than 20 minutes to complete. only requirement is that you are enrolled in college courses and 18 or older. https maryville.az1.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 3wjo1xarkhq4mpu https maryville.az1.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 3wjo1xarkhq4mpu
couple of albums of space music that helps me de stress the albums are whispers of time and space on spotify https open.spotify.com album 6n1tdud40wekoqavkimgzw apple https music.apple.com gb album 1589137241?mt 1 amp app music amp ls 1 amp at 1000lhkx the 2nd album is space music for hearts full of sadness on spotify https open.spotify.com album 4utvuzjq92hrpkwjynvzy9 and apple https geo.music.apple.com gb album 1562635218?mt 1 amp app music amp ls 1 amp at 1000lhkx for other music providers check https album.link gb i 1535224519
does it all just pile on for you nothing seems to get filed away it all just buzzes around in my head. hear about how climate change can't be stopped? it's on the pile. i've got a presentation to give in a week that i'm anxious about. it's on the pile. have a strange symptom that may be something serious. it's on the pile. it feels like i'm full to burst with stressful things and they're all there as if i've got to solve them one by one. it's maddening and extremely bad for cognitive health. anybody else have a similar experience?
title burdened a symphony of anxiety in the recesses of my consciousness, a sinister symphony plays an unending melody, a labyrinthine symphony that ensnares my very being, enshrouds my every thought and tarnishes the luminous tranquility of the stillness i crave. each ticking moment, like a grotesque, twisted clock, advances relentlessly, each stroke of midnight driving another spike of anxiety into the fragile construct of my psyche. it's a perverse, inescapable cycle of self torture that i can neither cease nor confront head on
deep, labored breathing whisper i can't do this... not another email, not another deadline, not another demand. i'm already stretched too thin, too taut, ready to snap. this endless stream of tasks and expectations is relentless. my mind races with all i have to accomplish my muscles tighten with the weight of it all. frustration seeps in it's not fair, why is it always me? i didn't ask for this, i don't have the ability to absorb any more stress. i can't juggle one more ball, yet they keep coming at me. how much longer can i hold
just a reminder to eat healthy when you're stressed. a stressed body is a damaged body, we need nutrients, vitamines, minerals, water and rest to repair the damage. and stay far away from foods that stress the body more, like sugars, white flour products and processed factory foods. take care of your physical, mental and emotional well being and protect it with setting boundaries towards yourself and others . it takes practice, but feels very rewarding when you protect to greatest and most important person in your life.. yourself.
inner monologue exhales deeply, rubs temples ugh. this day is already off to a horrible start, and it's not even nine o'clock yet. why does everything seem to be moving so quickly, like i'm on a runaway train, and i can't seem to get off or even slow it down? i should be at my desk, working through my emails, tackling projects, but instead, here i am in the employee lounge, hiding behind a stack of papers and old magazines, taking long, labored breaths. why am i so tense, so on edge, all the time? is it because of the deadlines p
inner monologue deep, shaky breaths how did i get here? another day, another crisis. my heart races, the sweat drips from my brow. the constant ringing of the phone, the endless stream of emails, the mountain of reports, deadlines screaming, expectations rising all building up to one crescendo of pure, unadulterated stress. thoughts spin in a whirlwind how can i do it all? how can i satisfy every demand, every want, every need, each expectation? i can't, i simply can't! and yet, i must try. or will they cast me aside, like a worn
offer a few simple actions to take to reduce stress in the moment. in the midst of a pressing workload and unrelenting deadlines, it's easy to become swept up in the maelstrom of stress and anxiety. take a moment to focus on your breath, inhale deeply, and exhale slowly. reach for a cup of herbal tea, wrap your hands around its warmth. sit back and listen to a calming piece of music. in these simple gestures, find a brief respite from the daily grind, a chance to recollect and reassess, and a renewed sense of clarity and purpose.
how can a short prayer help that person find peace and strength? use specific language, such as asking for guidance or serenity. drowning in the overwhelming responsibilities of daily life, i crave a moment of tranquility. i cry out to god, heavenly father, grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, courage to change the things i can, and wisdom to discern the difference. may your peace flow through me and surround me, transforming stress into calm, enabling me to face each challenge with renewed vigor and love.
for example, she once tried to stab her mum's boyfriend because she didn't want her mum to be with anyone they were in their mid 60s. she has been in a lot of fights over the years, but in general isn't usually physically violent it's usually manipulation. i'm concerned because she found out last night that he is seeing this ex gf of his. he doesn't know how she found out he's kept it very, very private. she came back to the house they used to share he was there with their kids in bed while she had been out and lost it with him.
they are drowning in a never ending list of tasks, deadlines, problems, and expectations. they feel like they can't catch up, and the weight of it all is becoming unbearable. deep sigh oh god, i can't do this. i'm falling behind. again. the clock is ticking, the phone is ringing, the emails are piling up, and there's not enough time in the day to get it all done. the deadlines are getting closer, the demands are getting louder, and i'm starting to feel like i'm drowning. i can't breathe. i know i should be able to handle this. i
can't stop being anxious 18y i'll stop feeling extremely anxious all the time when i got accepted by a college 19y i'll stop feeling extremely anxious all the time when i graduate 22y i'll stop feeling extremely anxious all the time when i get a job at my field 1 month later i got a job at my field, but i'm still extremely anxious, feeling that it's not enough and i need to improve more how can i apreciate my self grown and stop being so demanding with myself? if i keep going that way, i'll only stop being anxious when i'm dead.
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think something like, i can't keep going like this. every day feels like a never ending cycle of work, responsibilities, and worry. i can't seem to catch a break or find the energy to recharge. i need a break, but i don't know how to make that happen without creating even more stress and obligations. this is starting to take a toll on my relationships, my health, and my overall well being. i need to find a way to manage my stress better, but i don't know where to start.
the voice should be frenzied and disorganized, with frequent jumps in thought. inner monologue shouting god, i can't breathe! how is this even possible? i thought i had it all under control! now, suddenly, everything is caving in on me. why does this always happen? why can't i keep it together for just one single day? deep sigh what time is it? i don't have time for this! i need to get to work. there are emails to answer, reports to submit, meetings to attend, deadlines to meet. my boss is going to kill me. i can't let him down.
describe how their emotions are affecting them, and how a reminder from someone or something may inspire hope and reduce their stress. feeling weighed down by an endless to do list and the looming pressures of daily responsibilities, my emotions threaten to boil over, leaving me vulnerable and disheartened. but when i hear a child's giggle from the next room, a gentle reminder of the simple joys that still exist in the world, my spirit is momentarily revived, allowing me to find renewed strength and focus on managing my stress.
use racing heartbeat, mind fog, and tension knots to evoke a sense of pressure and anxiety. inner monologue sighs deeply, rubs forehead my god, i can't do this anymore. the deadlines, the expectations, the pressure...it's all becoming too much. my heart feels like it's going to burst from my chest. a racing heartbeat pulses through my veins, a relentless reminder of the fear that's coursing through me. i can't focus, my mind is fogged, muddled thoughts clouding my vision. the world around me is a blur, and all i can think about
in your inner monologue, describe in detail what you're feeling and what thoughts are going through your mind. inner monologue sighs deeply, staring at the mounting pile of papers on my desk. oh god, not this again. another day, another mountain of work piling up. i can't even keep up with my emails, let alone the reports that are due today. my chest feels tight, and my heart is pounding. i'm so behind, and it's all i can think about. i need a miracle. pauses, closing my eyes, trying to regain control. breathe, alex. in through
i once went to the hospital and needed hand surgery so i messaged her when i found out and said hey mom i m in the hospital i m having surgery tonight thought i would let you know. she never came to visit and she never even asked what kind of surgery it was. what do i do? i feel like i m nothing but i burden and i just wanna disappear. i rebelled and did my own thing as a teenager because i was so hurt from what i had been through is it normal for her to hold it against me? she just sees me as the fuck up causing her annoyance.
i relate to a lot of the symptoms, but what happened to me wasn't life threatening it was more of a childhood trauma that has a lot to do with growing up in a chaotic home. my brothers tried to kill himself twice, trigger warning suicide and that vision of him holding the knife to his throat or choking himself with a belt will never get out of my head. hence the reason i'm typing this at two am. it's really bad today and i have gotten zero sleep since midnight of last night. i just can't shake those images out of my head ever.
deep, ragged breaths my god, this is it. this is the breaking point. the final straw on the ever growing heap. the proverbial camel's back, and i'm about to be squashed beneath its weight. a thousand thoughts race through my mind at a million miles an hour, each vying for supremacy and trying to drown out the others. there's the deadline looming ever closer, an immovable object that i'm trying to navigate around, but instead, i'm colliding with it headfirst. then there's the email. another one, pinging into my inbox like a rel
i thought we had an open door, honestly policy about our hook ups, but last week found out he'd made out with a few people during our relationship that i didn't know about. i got hit by a wave of how incompatible we are and tried to break up with him but i realised i was being a hypocrite and letting my insecurities control me and i mended things. anyway, onto the issue. i had a pretty scary time with a friend of mine last night. he invited me around for a few beers, and maybe two drinks in he asked if i'd be down to have sex.
why can't i just power through this? i've always been able to handle stress before, but lately it feels like it's consuming me. they might also be questioning the reasons for their current state, wondering if there's an underlying issue causing this level of stress and mental fatigue. they may be feeling isolated and overwhelmed, wishing for a break or a solution to help them manage their stress and regain their energy. ultimately, they're seeking understanding and support as they navigate this challenging time in their life.
how might this person's thoughts and self talk unfold? person sighs deeply oh god, i can't do this. another email with an unreasonable demand, another project that's behind schedule, another team member who's underperforming, another deadline that's impossible to meet. the pressure is unbearable. why does it have to be me? i didn't ask for this responsibility. i didn't ask to be the only one who can get things done. and now i'm expected to do it all, to fix everything, to keep everyone happy. but i can't. i can't keep up. i'm
inner monologue i can't do this anymore. the weight of responsibility is pressing down on me, suffocating me. my heart races with every passing minute, and my mind is a whirlpool of chaos. this deadlines, the project delays, the unexpected crises. i can feel the stress bubbling up inside me like a pot of water boiling over. i clench my jaw and grind my teeth. i take deep, steadying breaths, but it's no use. anxiety grips me tighter, coiling around my chest, squeezing my heart. i'm drowning in my own thoughts, the what ifs and
title burdened by the unyielding tide the sun rises, a feeble glow in the pre dawn gloom, but the day ahead holds a monstrous weight. exasperated sigh another day, another dilemma to conquer. the alarm clock ticks away, mocking my desperate need for rest and respite. but my responsibilities, an endless, cloying morass, are an insurmountable wave threatening to pull me under. a day's worth of meetings, emails, projects, reports, all looming on the horizon. each demand, each request, clings to me like a relentless and tenacious
today i also had to write down all the emotions i could think of then put a color next to each word that i felt matches the emotion with markers. and the next page there s an outline of a human body. i had to put each color emotion where i feel it on my body. i m slightly annoyed because before all of this she s been taking me very seriously and helping with so much, and now i feel like she s being demeaning? should i just see where this takes me or let her know that this feels slow and pointless at my appointment next week ?
we were doing so good. i m feel as if i can t be angry at any of his actions, and my words mean nothing, and my threats are empty. he makes me feel so horrible about myself when i even show the slightest bit of distance from him, he treats me as if i owe him sex. never forces me to but will bring it up constantly, about how we haven t and it s just makes him feel so bad and self conscious about himself i don t know what to do i told him i wanted to move back home and he went in behind me and unpacked my bags as i packed them.
i was working on this so hard and spent all of my money... and i just failed my driving test. now the idea of retaking it gives me a panic attack. i started learning how to drive 4 years ago, and it was okay until i got this driving instructor. 90 of the time when i should be learning, he would be lookig on his phone and he would never point out any problems so i felt rather confident to finally try and get my license. in my country you first have to pass the test with your instructor and just then in an official institution.
and then proceeded to show me the video of the dumb girlfriend struggling to answer the question. needless to say, i was pissed. i said i couldn't believe he would think it was possible that i might be that stupid. he insisted that he only asked me as a joke, and then i got angrier because in what world is questioning my ability to handle basic logic funny? he continued to go on the offensive insisting that he had been kidding, that of course he doesn't think i'm stupid at all, and how could i even think he would think that?
person sighing heavily i can't believe this is my life. another day filled with constant demands and expectations. i feel drained, both mentally and physically. the pressures of work, family, and personal responsibilities all pile up and it's overwhelming. all i want is a break, but it seems like there's no end in sight. it's hard to focus and make decisions when my mind is filled with constant distractions and anxieties. sometimes i feel like i'm drowning in this sea of stress, and i'm not sure i can keep going much longer.
inner monologue deep, uneven breaths i can't do this. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i can't keep up. deadlines loom, inboxes overflow, and my to do list grows like a never ending weed. my brain is in a blender, mixing emotions, tasks, and thoughts in a chaotic, overwhelming brew. i can feel the stress creeping up, clinging to me like a shadow that never fades. my heart races, and my palms sweat. my mind starts to wander, questioning every decision i've ever made. is this really worth it? why can't i get it
it s gotten to the point where i feel like tom is completely controlling me in the effort to protect me. he won t let me go anywhere without him and when he is forced to leave me he calls me every half hour and panics and comes home if i don t answer i don t purposefully not answer occasionally i am napping or studying . i understand that the events were traumatic for tom. i recognize that every time i go to a follow up medical appointment he is frightened. i understand that the fact that i still take medication scares him.
anytime i have a scheduled transaction towards my checking account, my wages are immediately garnished. however, last night was the real wake up call. after work, i came home drunk and let my stress get the best of me. i ended up getting in a fight with my gf about money, finances and utilities. not wanting to face the pathetic reality that i have sugar momma for a girlfriend, i packed everything i own in my vehicle, parked it less than a mile away incase i may have forgotten anything and slept in it until the battery died.
inner monologue ugh, another day, another dollar. or rather, another day, another dozen problems clogging up my inbox, my to do list, my calendar, my thoughts. i rub my temples as i trudge toward my cubicle, my footsteps drowned out by the incessant hum of ringing phones and inescapable chatter around me. the air feels heavy, the world too loud, too fast. i glance at the clock 9 17 am and realize that today marks six months since i've accepted this dead end job. a bitter smile creeps across my lips. it s funny, in the days
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might have thoughts like i feel drained, both physically and emotionally. the daily grind is wearing me down. no matter how much i rest, i can't seem to catch up. my mind feels cluttered and i can't focus. i'm having trouble making even the simplest decisions. i need a break, but i don't know how to take one. i fear that if i stop, i'll fall behind even further. but i can't keep going at this pace. i need help, but i don't know where to turn. the pressure is unbearable.
inner monologue oh, god, the weight of the world is on my shoulders. i can't keep up. the deadlines, the phone calls, the emails they're all piling up, and i feel like i'm drowning. my heart races, my mind wanders, and all i can think about is escaping from this never ending cycle. but where can i go? i have bills to pay, responsibilities to fulfill, and a family to take care of. i can't just quit, i can't just give up. i have to push through, i have to keep going. but how can i do that when every fiber of my being screams
inner voice murmuring oh, no. not again. the clock's relentless ticking is a cacophony of frustration and despair in my ears. each second stretches out, amplifying the enormity of my never ending tasks. my heart races with the unspoken burden of unmet expectations and mounting deadlines. breathe. focus. one foot in front of the other, i remind myself as i scan the seemingly infinite list before me. the endless string of 'to dos' dangles before me like a chorus of taunting sirens. their song of 'you haven't done enough yet
inner monologue oh god, i can't breathe. my heart is racing, my mind is a whirlwind of unresolved tasks and unmet deadlines. how did i get here? i thought i was keeping up, staying afloat. but now, it feels as though i'm sinking. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, crushing me. i'm aching for a moment of respite, a chance to regroup and re strategize. but there's no time for that. the clock continues to tick, the day slipping through my fingers, and the work keeps piling up. i need to find a solution, fast. i can
deep, uneven breaths god, why am i like this? i can't do this. my head feels like it's about to explode. there's too much to do, too many emails, too many tasks piling up. the deadlines, the pressure, it's just endless. my mind races, thoughts and worries swirling like a hurricane of chaos. how did i get myself into this mess? was it always this way? no, it wasn't. or was it? i was always the driven one, the overachiever, the perfectionist. i set high goals for myself and i didn't settle for less. but now, it's consuming
i don't really know if i'm doing this right but..i feel like i have ran out of options. to make a long story short, i have a ford ranger and the serpentine belt on it is broken. i'm currently living with my girlfriend but last night i found out that she has been lying to me repeatedly and i'm done with this situation, the only problem is that i'm stuck. i don't get paid for another 6 days and i am flat broke with no family or anything nearby. luckily, i'm within walking distance of my work but do you guys have any ideas?
thought my mind is a whirlwind of overwhelming tasks and responsibilities, making it difficult to focus on anything or to find peace in this constant turmoil. sometimes, i feel as though i'm drowning in my own thoughts, unable to catch a moment of rest or tranquility. the relentless pressure leaves me mentally and emotionally drained, yearning for an escape or an escape valve to alleviate this debilitating weight on my mind and soul. how can i find balance and inner calm in the midst of this seemingly unending maelstrom?
inner monologue sighs deeply this is it. the pressure, the anxiety, the relentless grind of deadlines and demands. it's a cacophony of noise in my head emails clamoring for attention, looming deadlines casting an ominous shadow over my day, the incessant ding of my phone with yet another text or call i must respond to. my heart races with each thought, my stomach clenches, i feel like i'm drowning in the never ending sea of work and life. i wonder if it's ever going to end. the never ending hustle and grind, the constant
i m noticing a pattern where my body is like rejecting my partner and i m concerned it might be caused by my abuse at an early age. should i seek counseling? but i m afraid if i do i m going to have to talk more about what happened and i m going to break. i ve talked to therapist before but whenever the topic of the abuse arises i tense up and can t remember anything. i m sorry if i m rambling on it s just a hard subject for me to talk about and i don t know how to put into words the emotions i feel towards these events.
every time things start to get better something bad happens. so basically last year humped me. so much happened that i have been left with symptoms of post traumatic stress. anyway i left my job to start this year fresh and hopefully not get bullied like last year. i have been losing weight, eating healthier, going to the gym and have never felt better. two weeks of finally feeling like a human again and tonight i was going to go to the cinema to realise my car has broke. i know it sounds silly but i can t catch a break.
stress survey hey everyone! i am conducting some research on stress levels among college students. i'm a student myself and this is my first time conducting a study myself so i'm really sorry if my survey isn't the best. i would really appriciate if people would take my survey on stress! everything is anonymous, i just need as much data as possible to help move my study along. if everyone is interested, i can post my results here when the study is done. https forms.gle zr76jzyp1xlxzcjz7 https forms.gle zr76jzyp1xlxzcjz7
inner monologue heavy, labored breaths i can't do this. the deadlines are looming, the pressure's mounting, and the tasks seem endless. the phone's ringing another client call, another problem to be solved. i can't keep up, i can't focus. my heart races, sweat beads on my brow, a thousand thoughts swirling through my mind like leaves in the wind. how am i going to get this all done? my hands shake as i reach for the receiver. i need a moment, i need a break, but there's no time for that. i can't let my team down, i can
i grew up my country s equivalent of the bible belt. my country is well known for being very very progressive in our larger cities, and very very conservative in our villages this is true i think for most countries, but the sheer difference between our levels is pretty well known. i grew up in an abusive household, surrounded by really misogynist men, and have experienced trauma on both these fronts. this obviously caused me some mental health issues. i was afraid of, and uncomfortable around, men for a very long time.
person i feel like i'm constantly pushing myself to do more, to be more, to achieve more, but no matter how hard i try, it seems like i'm always just a step behind. the weight of expectations, both from myself and others, is crushing me. sometimes, i just wish i could press the pause button on life, take a breather, and regain some semblance of balance. but life doesn't stop for anyone, and the cycle of stress and exhaustion feels like an endless merry go round. i'm stuck in a rut, and i'm struggling to find a way out.
i am worried that i may have post traumatic stress disorder due to a few notable symptoms issues that i experience. i also have one notable traumatic experience involving an accident my father was in, he got hit by a bus when i was seventeen and almost died, which i do have nightmares and flashbacks of, but that is a different story. does anyone have any idea if this is possible to have the disorder due to a multitude of experiences? thank you for any advice, help, or information in advance. it is greatly appreciated.
small survey on mobile games and stress hi everyone! i am doing a small research survey 2 minutes on how some mobile games can cause us to be a little too stressed specifically looking for female players ages 25 55 from north america like myself. if you identify as a female, i would really appreciate it so much if you can answer a few quick survey questions it is completely anonymous https forms.gle yefnqpg6yxf1umh17 https forms.gle yefnqpg6yxf1umh17?fbclid iwar2m2dbjlp3 mruyy9t7i2ghun6077y fmfooelnw7ma8ctvnhv1xuu62l0
person i feel like i'm hitting a wall every day. the endless demands on my time and energy are taking a toll on me. i'm constantly stressed, anxious, and i have trouble sleeping. i can't seem to catch a break and the thought of facing another day like this one fills me with dread. how can i keep going like this? is this how the rest of my life is going to be? i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, and i'm not sure how much longer i can hold on. sometimes i wonder if it's worth it all.
inner monologue deep, labored breaths why is this so hard? why can't i keep up? the deadlines, the projects, the emails, the phone calls, the meetings all demanding, all pressing, all clamoring for my attention. how can i possibly manage it all? i thought i could, but now, now i'm crumbling beneath the weight. my heart races, my mind wanders, my body trembles. i can't focus. i can't think clearly. my words freeze on my lips, my pen skips across the page. each task, each demand feels like an insurmountable mountain, a
include an explanation of how they found comfort, peace, or balance. swallowed by deadlines, endless to do lists, and expectations, i couldn't help but feel the suffocating weight of stress bear down on me. amidst the chaos, i found solace in taking just a few deep breaths and focusing on the rhythm of my own heartbeat. it was in those quiet moments that i was reminded of the importance of centering myself, of being present in the moment, and letting go of the pressures that seemed insurmountable just minutes before.
my cats were both inside, but this didn't stop my brain working overtime. i would even listen out to what passers by were saying, in case they found a dead cat. i would have to get out of bed and look out of the window if i heard a sound that doesn't sound normal , for example a trailer on the back of a car banging. my boyfriend puts on kitten videos to soothe me but all i can think about is 'they are all going to die, how sad is that?' but i don't say anything, i put on my most convincing smile and go along with it.
next week i ll be flying for our family vacation. the flights won t be very long just msy to las then lax to msy on the way home , but flying really triggers my anxiety. mostly i just like having control over myself and my surroundings, so the idea of being in a metal tube 30,000 feet in the air is not ideal for me. i also have a lot of fears about terrorist attacks mass shootings movie theaters and other crowded public places are also a problem for me . i was wondering if anyone has any tips for flying anxiety fear.
stressed that i might not get a college i scored 92 in my high school boards. and that will be considered a nice scire if ibwere preparing for my medical entrances. but i decided i wont be giving med entrance as it was sapping me. and now i try to get admission based on merit and all the top seats are grabbed by 98 97 scorers. i had to fight with my parents and be strong to take the decision to not study medicine. and its stressing me out so much i can't even smile genuinely. i dont even know if i will get a college.
inner monologue heavy, labored breathing oh god, why am i here? what am i even doing with my life? this is it, isn't it? just another unproductive day at this soul crushing job. why can't i get anything right? it seems like i'm constantly one misstep away from falling flat on my face in front of everyone. i can't keep up. i can't keep up. my alarm went off hours ago, and yet here i am, still trapped in this endless cycle of meetings, reports, and emails. i never thought i'd let things get this bad. i didn't have the
chronic stress with symptoms i have had a few health problems this year. after quite a lot of investigation and tests the doctor is fairly sure it's chronic stress. i have dizziness, fatigue and quite a lot of muscle aches very localised chest pains. i've had some therapy which helped me realise at least that i am so stressed and deal with some of the stresses in my life, but now even at a period of low stress my symptoms have continued. does anyone else have these symptoms and have any hints on how to manage them?
help with dealing with stress hi everyone! new here! i have been dealing with a lot of stress lately and feel like i m at my wits end and need some tips from you guys. how do you manage your stress levels? for background i am working at a job that causes me stress at times, but i m also moving out of my house and preparing to move to another state to start grad school i will quit my job first and am just feeling extremely overwhelmed. i have lost a lot of weight and now my hair is falling out i appreciate any help!
inner voice whispering breathe. in... and out. that's it. just keep breathing. the emails piling up, the phone rings nonstop, the deadlines looming... how am i supposed to keep up with all of this? i can't focus. i can't think clearly. everything feels heavy, overwhelming. i need a break, but i don't have time for that. i need to keep going, but i can't. i'm so exhausted, both physically and mentally. this is too much. i can't take it anymore. but you know what? i can't just give up. i have responsibilities. i have
why does my body want to hold onto so much tension? i can be fully reclined in a lazy boy and by happenstance notice my muscles around my neck and shoulders straining as if trying to hold my head up off of the headrest. mindfully, i break the tension and force myself to release and relax and i can feel my head, neck, shoulders and even my legs sink back into the chair. moments later my muscles are pulling into my center again just squeezing with tension. what is wrong with me? why does my body insist on tensing up?
we get no child support and are doing well financially without it and although he is supposed to pay, i leave it alone because he leaves us alone. long story short, i didn't file or ask for supervised visitation, but that's what the courts ordered. he did that two or three times within a year and haven't heard from him since. this friday for the first time in years i realized how much my life has changed and how happy i and my children are. then, of course, i get the curve ball of this message on saturday evening.
person i feel so overwhelmed, i can't keep up with everything. i'm constantly thinking about deadlines, work tasks, family responsibilities, and personal goals. it's as if there's a never ending list of things i need to accomplish, and i'm drowning in it all. i wish i could just find a moment of peace and clarity, but instead, i'm plagued by anxiety and exhaustion. i need a break, but i can't seem to make time for one. i fear that if i don't get a handle on this stress soon, i may lose touch with reality entirely.
title overwhelmed deep, shuddering breath god, i can't do this anymore. i'm drowning in a sea of deadlines, endless emails, and mounting pressure. my heart races with every beep and blip from my phone. the weight of expectations, both mine and others, threatens to crush me. i'm not enough. i'm not doing enough. i need a break, but there's no time. no space. no escape. the world demands results, but i'm just a human. a fragile, imperfect, easily exhausted human. frustrated exasperation why can't things be simpler?
dear reddit, for what i am about to tell you today is not a rant from a man , but a voice of a concerned human being who happens to be male. victims of domestic violence who are men are being laughed at and not taken seriously in today's society. it seems the society has made up their mind that men could not be victims of female violence because the male is much bigger , therefore the male has some kind of agenda against the female. i was punched and slapped in the face two weeks ago by my wife who is 5'2 103lbs.
i instantly thought of something i rarely think about, being molested in a pool locker room when i was 10. my heart started beating incredibly fast as i readied myself to tell them the thing i couldn t even tell my family at the time. i started crying, something i haven t done in years and something my friends have never seen me do. when it got to me, with my hand over my eyes all i could say was i don t think i can . it felt like i was reliving what i d gone through, like i could see it happening in front of me.
between losing my job, my unborn baby and my husband losing his job i am overwhelmed and pretty much numb. bills are piling up fast and i don't know what to do anymore. i make vinyl decals but just started out so i am not making much at the moment. my husband just did paperwork for a new job today and i am waiting to hear back on a job i interviewed for. unfourtunatley it won't be soon enough because the finance company for my car called and said i need to pay 439 by tomorrow, another 439 by the end of the month.
we had an argument, then he started trying to break my phone by bending it. i intervened and begged him not to and he stopped short of breaking it. i was a domestic violence victim before in a previous relationship and i buried those memories, but this incident made me remember some of those memories and i feel traumatized and scared to be experiencing the same things again. i feel scared and i don't know if this would escalate into something worse. we don't have kids, and we've been married for a couple months.
especially always being tired which just adds to the anxiety. i'm having some trouble falling asleep atm and staying asleep which is even worse and thought that maybe typing my thoughts out would help relax my mind and help me see my problems from a different perspective. i know things will get better, because they always do, but its still difficult to deal with the anxiety. i meditate regularly, but if anyone has any other suggestions in dealing with anxiety during bed time i would greatly appreciate it. thanks
it was terrible. i got pregnant again, after he forcibly took my birth control away, my 2nd son was born in chile, i didn't realize once i had my child in chile i couldn't leave with my son without the father's permission. i think that was part of his plan. i lived 4 years of brutal hell. i finally made it back home, in 2006 when one of the police officers who were called after he beat me, luckily was married to a woman who worked at the american embassy, and they got me home within 2 weeks, with both my son's.
i have a short term plan, but nothing long term at all. i m assuming she s going to shut off my phone in the next 24 hours, so i ll have no access to texting or calling services until fiance can afford to put me on his plan. unfortunately, he may lose his job because he was living with me and my mom. today we had a really bad fight and she s at home while i m outside... i don t think i can go back anymore and i have nowhere to go, with the very little money i have on me and only the vaguest sense of what to do.
does anyone have any similar experience and were you able to become functioning friends with your ex or was it best to cut all ties, even if it meant losing friends? tl dr broke up with my girlfriend of ten years because she fell in love with a complete stranger from overseas. have shared friends and can t seem to shake the feeling of sadness anger whenever i see her due to our reason for breaking up. should i cut her out of my life and lose friends or make more of an effort to be friendly peaceful towards her?
person ugh, another long day. i feel drained and overwhelmed. the workload just never seems to end. every time i think i've caught up, there's another wave of tasks to tackle. it's exhausting. my mind is always racing with thoughts and i can't seem to quiet it down, even during rest moments. i'm constantly worrying about deadlines and work, and the pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional health. i'm tired of feeling this way, but i don't know how to ease the stress and find some peace in the chaos.
she then said to me am i not worth the effort because you don't want to fix this? after i told her i did not want to see her. there is plenty of other passive aggressive stuff that she says, but right now i'm so blinded by my disbelief i can't even tell if she is just being emotional or manipulative. what bothers me is this behavior happens every time we have gotten into a fight and then i have to apologize and make it right. tl dr got into a fight with gf of 2 years since highschool i've hit my breaking point.
first it was chest pain and heart palpitations. then left arm pain and shoulder pain for awhile. then back pain and tension headaches now it's a little mix of everything, i get breaks in between where it feels fine but then it comes back and my mind now after it being relentless for 2 days is think is this really anxiety? i mean cmon this is relentless even at time when i'm not anxious. sorry for the rant just getting sick and tired of constant suffering where i don't even know what's round the corner next...
inner monologue breathe, just breathe. i've got this. the deadline is looming, the emails are pouring in, and the pressure is building like a tidal wave. i can't think, i can't focus, and i feel like i'm drowning in my own chaos. my heart is racing, my mind is swirling, and my nerves are on edge. i need a break. but there's never enough time. i've got a deadline to meet, a family to take care of, a job that demands so much of me. how can i keep up? how can i be enough? i thought i could handle it all, but now
when people don't understand and tell you how to be when you evade all answers and feel like a monstrosity shut the blinds the outside world hide away worry about the morning upcoming day night arrives should be fine am i right turns into a turbulent anxiety night shake my head am i the only one who feels this way take my meds daily occurrence of will this ever end hate this paranoia of internal mindset get told it will get better how to be change myself for you to try and frankly that's never the good answer
there's a tl dr at the bottom for those who wanna get to the point this gets kinda lengthy. hi, i'm 19 and this is my first time posting here and i'm hoping at least one person can relate. before a few months ago i never had to deal with anxiety really, but out of nowhere it hit me like a truck. i guess what's been causing it is relationship issues, but mostly health anxiety. my first major mistake was googling symptoms i started having, not realizing that it was normal for anxiety to cause physical symptoms.
there's a tl dr at the bottom for those who wanna get to the point this gets kinda lengthy. hi, i'm 19 and this is my first time posting here and i'm hoping at least one person can relate. before a few months ago i never had to deal with anxiety really, but out of nowhere it hit me like a truck. i guess what's been causing it is relationship issues, but mostly health anxiety. my first major mistake was googling symptoms i started having, not realizing that it was normal for anxiety to cause physical symptoms.
i've been trying to avoid social media because i know how anxiety provoking it can be for me. i joined it ultimately because i thought it would make me feel more connected to people. it kind of does, which i'm okay with. but of course, now i'm looking at everyone's highlight reels and friend count which i'm especially envious of and i can't help but feel like crap. my social life came to a standstill in my early 20s when i compartmentalized all facets of my life, ensuring the people i knew never intermingled.
im 13 years old and except for school i never go outside i usually spend the whole day on the computer just watching videos on youtube and stuff but at the end of the day i get depressed and feel like i'm wasting my life. i have friends but i also have severe social anxiety and i always feel as if my friends are just putting up with me. i feel depressed and lonely. i never spend time with friends and when i do i feel as if they don't want to hang out with me as we never do anything pls reply if i'm not alone
person sighing deeply i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities. no matter how much i do, there's always more demanding my attention. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't seem to catch a break. i feel overwhelmed and exhausted, like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. sometimes, i wonder if it's worth it, or if i'll ever find a moment of peace and calm. i wish i could just unplug from it all and press the reset button, but i know i can't. this stress is becoming unbearable.
sometimes i feel like i m the third wheel in their relationship. and this doesn t even include what they may do when i m not around! also, whenever roommate will talk about boys or finding a boyfriend, i notice husband will quickly try to shut that idea down fast, and say he knows roommate isn t attracted to said guy or doesn t want need a boyfriend. there s definitely an emotional dependency there. i know my husband has explained to me over and over how much he helps her and how important he is in her life.
so im m15 im still in school ive been through abuse when i was a kid it scarred my head i live with my mum now but i usually roam in woods playing guitar, i got diagnosed when i was 14 shit sucks gives me flashbacks whenever i close my eyes, my mind scans every goddamn thing in the area every fucking thing!, i just dont know how to explain its so complicated my brain acts weird at times i just need to know wtf is happening with me! ive only got a gf and noone else. any help is appropriated. thanks in advance
i am really worried about my future as it feels my anxiety always has me quitting jobs or having issues while i was in school. i can't even travel and work out of state as last time i tried i missed my interview and was nearly hospitalized with severe anxiety travel is a trigger for me . i just got out of college and i'm really worried about how i can survive the working world in my future, otherwise i wouldn't care about losing this job. it hurts though and i feel like a total failure... thanks for reading.
thought i'm feeling so drained and overwhelmed lately. my mind and body just don't have the energy to cope with all the demands and pressures i face every day. it's hard to focus on anything, and even simple tasks feel like mountainous challenges. i wonder if this is just the new normal for me, or if there's a way to regain some semblance of control and resilience. maybe i need to prioritize self care more intentionally, or seek help from others. either way, i know i can't keep going like this indefinitely.
i had the depo shot for the first time at the beginning of march, decided to not go back for the 2nd because i wasn't a fan. didn't experience any issues while on it , but once i came off of it, all hell broke loose. my once controlled anxiety became out of control and i had random days where i felt depressed crying spells. the intrusive thoughts were out of control, and had an anxiety attack the 2nd week of working at my new job. i had to leave work and go home, which hadn't happened in almost half a year.
tl dr i wish to ask out my longtime friend this valentines, but i am afraid of my past coming back and ruining my renewed trust with both her and my friends that i ve worked years to repair. note, what i am not scared of is rejection, i am scared of being feared or hated once again. how i most easily do away with the stigma revolving around my past so that i can be judged by who i am now instead of who i was in the past? that s what is keeping me up at night. i look forward to what the community has to say.
university makes my anxiety really bad, i'm too scared to ever ask professors for help which makes my grades worse, and i can't make any friends. all this makes my depression worse, so i end up lying in bed all the time because i'm either too depressed to go to class or having a panic attack. i know i'm going to end up failing the semester, and that's just making my anxiety worse. i' sorry for rambling, i just really don't know what to do, and i have no one to help me. can anyone give me any advice please?
person sighs deeply ugh, another long day filled with endless tasks and expectations. i can't keep up with everything. my mind and body feel drained, and i can't seem to catch a break. even the simplest things seem overwhelming, and i can't seem to focus. i just want to rest, but there's always something that needs to be done. this is too much. i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this. i need a break, but when can i take one? how can i juggle everything without losing myself in the process?
stress is like a relentless wave crashing against me, battering my emotions, leaving me drained and depleted. every day feels like an endless battle, with no respite in sight. the constant pressure to perform, to meet unrealistic expectations, wears me down like sand against a shore. inside, i ache, and my spirit longs for release, but the tide continues to rise, leaving me clinging on, just to keep from sinking. it's exhausting, it's debilitating, and it takes a toll, not just on my body, but on my soul.
i can't remember what was in the marital home when i left. i left under duress. i am still piecing together weird, incongruous chunks of time, flashbacks, disjointed memories, and trying to figure out what happened it seems like my brain just can't access specific details when i'd like it to. the problem here, other than everything, is that i don't feel like my attorney gets why i'm such a useless participant right now, and i could use some advice on explaining it. do i have my therapist call my attorney?
i used my forearm to push the plate i was eating from off the counter. a glass bowl fell to the floor as well and shattered. the noise woke my dad up, who went to bed nearly black out drunk a couple hours before this. he immediately started screaming at my friends to get the fuck out and aggressively pushing them out of the back door. he then grabbed me by my arm and shoved me out the door yelling take her fucking ass with you. my friends sat with me for a minute and asked if i wanted to leave with them.
without my boyfriend who i thought was my best friend, my two female friends who used to always have my back becoming distant, and now not knowing who or what to trust seeing as nex and i still work in the same industry my ptsd is just skyrocketing off the charts. with no roots put back down yet which i m working on the living sit and no one close to turn to emotionally, how the fuck do i go on? when is enough enough? when is it too much? i know giving up is not an option but it is all so overwhelming...
it can take weeks until the problem is solved or i realise i was anxious over nothing. recently i'm moving home due to family circumstances and it's something i didn't want to really do yet but i am having to and the place i'm moving to is lovely but i'm really anxious over it and whether i'm doing the right thing. these thoughts i'm having are causing this really dark awful feeling. is this feeling common? i wondered if this feeling is my intuition but i don't believe it is i think it's purely anxiety.
i can't begin to summarise how i feel about her. i want to spend the rest of my life with this person, but i want to help work through this stuff together. once she goes into an anxiety spiral i'm completely at a loss of what to do apart from hold her and stroke her hair. what strategies can help break the spiral when she starts one, and how can i approach the topic of seeing a counsellor and developing mindfulness strategies without her going into a panic attack? help me r anxiety, you're my only hope.
i feel like my brain is constantly on overdrive, and i can't seem to switch it off. i'm tired all the time, but my mind won't let me rest. i can't concentrate on anything, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts and it's becoming harder to keep up with everything. sometimes i wonder if this is just the new normal, but deep down i know i deserve better than this. i need to find a way to slow down and give my mind a break before it breaks me completely.
consider discussing how you've been feeling, what you've been doing to cope, and how you hope to improve in the future. i've been feeling the weight of a thousand obligations bearing down on me, with deadlines pressing in from all sides. to cope, i've started prioritizing my tasks and setting smaller goals within the larger project. moving forward, i intend to seek help when necessary, communicate openly with those involved, and practice mindfulness meditation to maintain balance in the face of stress.
inner monologue heavy, labored breathing, eyes wide, mind racing i can't do this. the pressure, the deadlines, the expectations, it's all too much. my heart is pounding, my mind's going a thousand miles an hour, and i'm so tired, so utterly, hopelessly exhausted. but there's no time to rest. no, i need to keep going. i have responsibilities, obligations, people relying on me. i can't let them down. deep sigh i need to focus. to prioritize, to organize, to plan. but how? with all this clutter in my head
he came after me a few times so i got away and called cops. he was arrested, restraining order in place and he also had unregistered gun and no licence for them so he may be in trouble for that also. the hard part is he was good to my son, and now he is abruptly gone which is best, but i am not not sure how to explain to him. he is six and very sensitive and the spent a lot of time together. tl dr boyfriend got aggressive and is jailed, how to tell young son why bf is gone now and we have to move soon?
but i m pissed, i waited to long for this like i honestly could have killed myself before they got back to me. i know there s a lot of people in the system and their funding is low, but this is bullshit! the government doesn t give a shit about mentally ill people. if they did then there honestly would be way less crime rates and suicide rate because people would be getting the help that they need instead of waiting for some bad shit to happen before they get help. the urgency is just not there at all.
thought it feels like i'm running on an endless treadmill, never able to catch a break or find a moment of peace. the weight of expectations and responsibilities presses down on me, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. my mind is a jumbled mess, constantly churning with unfinished business and unmet deadlines. i crave the calm and clarity that used to come so easily, but now all i can feel is this constant stress and mental exhaustion gnawing at me. i'm not sure i can keep going like this.
quote from a famous philosopher or a poet. person i feel like i'm drowning in my thoughts, yet i can't seem to find the surface to catch a breath. my mind is a jumbled mess, and i can't focus on anything for more than a few minutes at a time. it's like i'm trapped in a maze of my own making, and i don't have the energy to escape. quote let us not be overmuch disturbed by the evils which we see for they are a necessary part of life and serve to show us how necessary their remedies are. marcus aurelius.
i can't even use the restroom because then i think about how if i were in the restroom when a shooter entered, the shooter could easily get me and the classrooms would be locked and i'd be locked out. i was late for one of my classes because i was afraid to leave my classroom. does anyone else feel the same way? it's like i can't function normal ly anymore, school is such a scary place to be all of a sudden when it used to be a place i felt safe and comfortable, even though we had an open campus. ugh.
one heavy thought that comes to mind for someone dealing with chronic stress and mental exhaustion might be, i'm drowning in this relentless sea of responsibilities, but i can't seem to find my way to solid ground. every wave brings another task or demand, and i'm constantly being pulled under. i long for the stillness and peace that come with tranquility and a clear mind. yet i'm unsure of how to reach that peaceful shore. am i alone in this sea of stress, or is there a lifeline that i've overlooked?
i can't even use the restroom because then i think about how if i were in the restroom when a shooter entered, the shooter could easily get me and the classrooms would be locked and i'd be locked out. i was late for one of my classes because i was afraid to leave my classroom. does anyone else feel the same way? it's like i can't function normally anymore, school is such a scary place to be all of a sudden when it used to be a place i felt safe and comfortable, even though we had an open campus. ugh.
all of these things were a slow burn, many of these things overlapped one another. i pushed through and finished my phd, but now i'm worn, and after looking into it, i've realized that the psychological symptoms of stress i display are closely aligned with racism specific ptsd. i've been through psychotherapy, but i'm not sure the therapist was adequately prepared to identify it, but i know for certain that i have ptsd. i want to begin healing now that i'm done with grad school. where how do i start?
i'm at the edge i have been having chronic tension type headaches everyday for the past 3 months, literally can't focus on anything. got the most important exam of my life in 50 days and the stress headaches just don't seem to go away. i've tried a psychiatrist a neurologist what not. idk what to do, my parents are orthodox and abusive, and this exam in few weeks is the only way i'm going to get out of this house. i am at my limit man i go to sleep abd wake up with a headache everyday it's killing me
my mother on the other hand tells me that she is doing all she can, when i explained to her about the way she dresses in front of him she blames him for not creating the opportunity to wear something nice. ie not going out someplace due to him preferring to do work. listening to both sides separately have put me in a place where i am helpless and cannot do anything. all i can do is withdraw into myself and think about other things to relieve myself. its basically that they dont understand each other.
how to cope with stress when you barely know what causes it m16 i have been feeling like stressed and anxious lately for not really a any huge reason probably cus i have started looking after stuff that is wrong with me like my looks, personality hair and anything at al after my recent breakup how do i fix this? i have started going to the gym like six times per weeks and that helps me get my mind of thighs while i m there and after when i get home or in school i feel incredibly stressed and anxious.
but i really do enjoy being with him and don't want to break up either. am i being silly? sometimes i think i'm making this a bigger deal than it should be. i get insecure about the fact that my high school boyfriend is the only one who actually asked me out on a date before we slept together. every other guy it's always turned out the same i come on to him, we have sex for a while and the guy maintains he wants nothing serious, then out of nowhere comes on really strong with marriage and kids talk.
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might have thoughts such as i feel like i'm constantly behind, no matter how hard i work. i can't seem to catch a break, no matter how hard i try. everything feels overwhelming and i don't know where to start. i'm not good enough, smart enough, or capable enough to handle all of this. i just want some peace and quiet, but i can't seem to find it. i'm so tired, both physically and mentally, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going. i feel
i used to take sleeping pills that had a bit of anti anxiety medicine in them but my pcp drug tested me and because i had been found to have been smoking weed , for my ptsd , it was either stop coming their for the sleeping pills or weed. i chose weed mostly because i was pissed they drug tested me for one but also weed seems to do the best for me. now im regretting that decision. i guess i need a new pcp huh? anyway its a reddit until i dont feel like a deer in headlights kind of night so whoopee.
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might have thoughts like 1. i can't keep going like this. 2. i feel so drained and empty. 3. this is too much for me to handle. 4. i need a break, but i can't afford to take one. 5. i'm not strong enough to keep going. 6. i'm drowning in my responsibilities. 7. i just want to sleep and not think about anything. 8. i don't know how much longer i can keep pushing myself. 9. everything feels overwhelming and never ending. 10. i need help, but i don
for at least a month i was waking up from 4 hours of sleep to panic attacks. the only thing that calmed it was over the counter sleeping pills.i noticed it help my hypervigilence, i was no longer jumping and getting adrenaline rushes from every little sound. but i forget to take the sleeping pills from time to time like tonight. i slept 2 hours then woke up, no anxiety or panic attacks this time but unable to fall asleep and with much on my mind. i don't want this to affect my work but it has been.
i feel like a worn out rubber band, stretched beyond my limit, snapping and losing its resilience. i am pulled taut with obligations, expectations, and fears, and the pressure threatens to shatter me into fragments. each day brings new hurdles, and i find myself increasingly unable to bounce back. my energy is dwindling, my spirit is flagging, and i feel as though i am drowning in the relentless tide of stress. it's a heavy burden to carry, and i wonder if i have the strength to endure another day.
person sighs deeply i can't keep going like this. my mind never stops racing, and every day feels like a never ending marathon. i can't seem to find the energy to keep pushing through. i just want some peace and quiet, but even in my dreams, my thoughts relentlessly chase me. i fear that if this continues, i'll crack under the pressure and shatter into a thousand pieces. i'm exhausted, both physically and mentally. how can i find some respite from this overwhelming feeling of stress and exhaustion?
title burdened mind heavy, labored breaths. each one a mountain to climb, an ocean to cross. the clock on the wall, ticking. relentless. irritating. accusatory. i'm drowning. sinking. lost. but there, fixed, a beacon of responsibility. deadlines. emails. phone calls. facing me like a thousand waves crashing against my shore. exhales deeply four alarm clocks flashing 6 00 a.m. pierce the silence. another workday beckoning, promising only challenges, obstacles. each second a battlefield. each minute
stress and neck pain? anyone else? hey folks! i m a family medicine neuromusculoskeletal physician. i keep seeing the same thing in my clinic....upper back neck pain and headaches! so much of this is related to stress! im always asked how can i improve my pain without undergoing painful procedures or utilizing medications. i want to be able to help more people than i can see in my clinic so i want to put together a free video to help people start feeling better. would anyone be interested in this?
here's a potential thought i feel like i'm constantly being pulled in multiple directions with no end in sight. between work deadlines, personal obligations, and my own expectations for success, i'm starting to feel like i can't keep up. it's like i'm on a treadmill that's only getting faster and more demanding. i need a break, but with all that i have to do, i don't see how that's possible. i wonder if this is what burnout feels like, and if so, how long can i keep going before i truly breakdown?
any help on how to stop ruminating? i work with some pretty toxic people and i can accept when people are ignorant and generally rude about my ptsd. i get it, some people are just really stupid and ignorant and won't understand how the assault affected me. but i spend weeks ruminating on all the things they've said, things they might say next... and the grounding techniques that my therapist suggests never stops it. how do you distract yourself from ruminating or arguing with people in your head?
every day i'd tell myself i was over this girl but i'd see her at school and instantly be reminded of how much i liked her. every time i saw her i almost wanted to cry. throughout the year i kept trying to win her back by forcing intimacy by telling her things about my past i'd never told anyone never told her about being raped though . this just made her think i was weird. on the first day of summer i noticed she'd blocked me on all forms of social media and i no longer had a way to talk to her.
during this time, my mother was out of work and she had to make sure she took the time to take care of her father. on his deathbed, my grandpa told our landlord, to his face and perhaps in a will the latter was my mother's words, not mine that he did not want his daughter and his granddaughter to be homeless. he wanted him to take care of us and make sure we had a place to live. unbeknownst to me, we were behind on the rent. i didn't know how much until a few years later, when i got my first job.
1. my father would abuse me consistently both mentally and physically from i think 4 to 14, maybe earlier. i don't really remember what all brought this on, but often it was school related. i remember being in a car seat, my mother didn't know what to do so she took me to him my parents are apart , and i tried to run because i knew what was going to happen, and i remember crying so hard i hyperventilated, my mom promised never to do that again. he'd do it because of grades, because i misbehaved.
tips to make you happier hi guys, just want to leave here my wife's new video on some things that help her to be happy and might help you to be too. so please always be kind and i hope it helps you to find new things to do or give you your own new ideas to do things that gets you there. we were fighting depression and anxiety so it was a way to fight that so there's the reason for the video creation, and we hope you enjoy as we enjoy making it. tips to make you happier https youtu.be nliulxz12pa
i can't keep up with this endless cycle of obligations and demands. every day feels like a mountain to climb, and at the top, there's just another mountain waiting. i'm exhausted, both mentally and physically, and i feel like i'm barely holding on. it's hard to see the end of the tunnel, let alone any light at the end of it. i wish there was a way to find some peace and ease in this chaos, but for now, all i can do is take it one moment at a time and hope that eventually, things will get better.
he went on rant not aggressive about how he worked all 50 something year's for the stuff he has and how everyone want to just thrown it away. and at that point i feeling like a gave up it being 6 yrs to this day since i've graduated high school and grasped an idea . i currently want nothing from him. i still love my father and would do for him as he is still my dad but i don't trust him at all!! i did not mention the fact that he'll go through the garbage to see what me and my mother thrown out.
heavy breaths i can't do this. this is too much. the deadlines, the expectations, the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities piling up... i can't keep up. the weight of it all is crushing me. my heart races, my mind reels, my body aches. i thought i was capable, that i could handle it all, but i was wrong. so, so wrong. i should be able to handle this, i tell myself, but the truth is, i'm not. and it feels like i'm failing at everything. but i can't just give in, can't just let it all fall
we are in need of immediate help and i dont know where else to turn. i have recently suffered major nerve damage that has severely diminished the use and mobilty of my arms and causes insufferable pain in my neck, shoulders, arms and in turn, cost me my long time position with apple. we are now 3 months behind on rent and we have less than a week to come up with the money or the landlord will be foreclosed on and we will be evicted. and we have nowhere to go. here s a bit behind our predicament.
i apologized for taking up too much of his time and space and for not respecting his boundaries, and for storming off angry the worst part is that he eventually said he didn't accept my apology because i was still ruining his day with my insistence he apologize for speaking to me with a retarded voice. so, is our relationship doomed? tl dr my bf and i fight too much, and i think it's both our faults while he thinks it's only mine my brain chemistry's fault. am i crazy, or do we need to break up?
i feel like at this point, i'm the only one putting effort into our relationship. i've suggested taking time to ourselves so that he could think things through, taking a break, talking about it, meeting up we really only can see each other on the weekends due to classes , etc. still, the short responses. he's started to not respond to me we talk through an app that shows when the other has read the message. i know his class schedule, so i know when we can answer back he checks his phone often .
they are trying to balance multiple responsibilities such as work, family, and personal projects but feel overwhelmed. person sometimes i wonder if i'm cut out for this. balancing work deadlines, taking care of my kids, and working on my own creative projects feels like an endless juggling act. the weight of it all is starting to wear me down. i fear i may drop the ball on something important, or even worse, lose myself in the process. it all feels so heavy, and i can't seem to find any relief.
due to leaving my hairbrush at home during spring break, i haven't been able to brush my hair in months. i am also almost out of deodorant, toothpaste, and mouth rinse. my lease for my apartment will be running out on the 31st, meaning i'll be going back home to houston where i'll get a different job that actually calls me into work and doesn't leave me with only 8 cents in my account. i wish i was kidding . i'll need to clean the apartment for inspection, so i also need some cleaning supplies.
hello, i'm 22, female and from the uk. i'm kind of freaking out right now because i think something happened to me as a child. i don't even know, i'm sorry i wish i had something concrete to say but i don't think i could even type it out. the problem is i've recently moved to japan on my own and have no one to talk to here. i would normally talk to my boyfriend but he's not awake and i don't even know what i'd say to him i don't even feel like i can say anything out loud even if i was with him.
i barely slept in the hospital because i stayed up at night and listened for codes with his room number. i was terrified, constantly living in fear from the moment i awoke until about his 7th day in the hospital when he seemed clearer, and sat up with assistance for the first time. fast forward to now. we are lucky to be alive, and we are injured. we ve been robbed of a normal engagement, of the experience of moving in together, and that s a grieving process...but my mind...is not what it was.
these are my energy gainers i always wish to surround myself with people who spread positivity in their talks and actions. it is such an overwhelming experience to be around them that loads me up with a whole energy. when we are faced with tough situations in life, communicating with optimistic people paves the way to eliminate negative thoughts and substantially boosts our conf..... continue reading https feellitent.wordpress.com 2023 01 22 what are your energy givers here is the list of mine
i m high risk for ppd seeing as i have preexisting bpd and anxiety, and going back into working immediately after giving birth would most likely be very damaging. not to mention i haven t had the easiest pregnancy, having had multiple emergency room stays and having been hospitalized. my goal is to have at least the required time to recover, without having to put myself in debt. even 5 is a huge help, because that's 5 less that we'll have to borrow to cover our bills while i'm not working. url
being too hard on myself this is gonna sound real crazy but i don't feel grown cuz i don't drive. maybe i'd feel better living where others use public transit as much as i do. it does kinda bother me a bit like if i did wanna go out and get dressed up, i'd have to use uber or lyft but i'm taking care of myself and need to stay focused on my right eye so it can get better. i guess i need to stop being so hard on myself cuz i'm really trying my best when i've wanted to give up before but didn't
i feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities and obligations, and there's never enough time in the day to catch up. every moment is consumed by work or family commitments, and i can't seem to find a moment for myself to recharge. i'm exhausted emotionally, physically, and mentally, and i'm starting to feel like i'm losing touch with who i really am. i need a break, but i can't seem to find one. how do i manage my stress and prioritize my time so i can get some much needed rest and relaxation?
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might have thoughts like i can't keep going like this, i'm so burnt out. everything feels overwhelming and i don't know where to start. i can't seem to focus on anything for very long, my mind is constantly racing. i just want to escape from all the pressures and responsibilities, even for a little while. i feel like i'm not making progress, no matter how hard i try. i wish i could just take a break, but i can't, there's too much to do. i
their mind may race non stop, they can't seem to focus, and everything seems to be building up inside them. why can't i just switch off? i'm so tired, both physically and mentally, but i can't seem to rest. it feels like my brain is on constant overdrive, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to slow down. i just want to escape from this never ending cycle of thought and stress, but how do i even begin to do that? it's like my mind is a runaway train, and i'm just a powerless passenger.
person i've been giving my all to keep up with work, family, and personal goals, but it seems no matter how hard i try, there are always more tasks piling up. i feel like i'm on a treadmill, constantly running but never moving forward. every day brings a new challenge, and every night i'm left exhausted, questioning if it's all worth it. sometimes i wonder if i'm capable of handling it all, or if it's time to accept that i need to let go of some responsibilities and reclaim my peace of mind.
almost died today today was a bad day. driving on a highway. being cautious. very cautious. 2 lane road. with my child. trying to overtake a semi. he speeds up. i slow down and he slowed down tooo. passing lane ending. i sped up again. he speeds up too. almost got hit head on, and side swiped from truck. he blares his horn . i am shaking. i manage to calm down eventually. it has been 8 hours since incident. i an still shakey. advice please. there was nothing i dont know how to prevent this.
i am afraid of anything and everything at the same time i am afraid of what happened or what may happen. i am afraid the world, the earth, the skies, the stars, aliens, humans, animals, whatever fucking bullshit thought that had occurred in my head that makes my skin crawl. i am afraid of what i am or what i might become. i am afraid that i might go crazy or fight that i might become boring, or normal , or average, or weird, or some fucking hippie, or some fucking stupid hard headed person.
the weight of the world sits on my shoulders, every worry piling up higher, my heart pounds like an anxious drum. sweat glistens on my forehead, the fear of failure looms ever present, time feels frozen as i fight to hold on to control that seems so fleeting. the world around me blurs, as i'm pulled under, submerged by pressure, by fear. barely breathing, barely functioning, this is my reality. my mind, once vibrant and sharp, reduced to a dull, dulled state by the endless battle of stress.
i am afraid of anything and everything at the same time i am afraid of what happened or what may happen. i am afraid the world, the earth, the skies, the stars, aliens, humans, animals, whatever fucking bullshit thought that had occurred in my head that makes my skin crawl. i am afraid of what i am or what i might become. i am afraid that i might go crazy or fight that i might become boring, or normal, or average, or weird, or some fucking hippie, or some fucking stupid hard headed person.
stopbullying there is a small business owner in the northern ky areas covington, ft. wright, florence, and other locations owned by this person . a bully one of the causes of a person to hurt themselves. there's physical proof and we are trying to figure out how to hold this person accountable. belittled, discriminates , overpowered , psychological harassment, gaslighting, mentally breaks down a person. evil and selfish. caused a person mentally breaking point!!! awareness stopbullying2022
the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, my heart races, and my mind is a vortex of worry and anxiety. the incessant demands of work and life leave me feeling drained and unable to catch a moment of respite. the tension in my muscles and the heaviness in my chest become my constant companions, a bitter reminder that stress is a relentless foe. my once sparkling spirit is now dulled by the grind, and i can't help but wonder if this is the cost of living in a world that moves too fast.
i have been thinking about it and i think that all anxiety seems to boil down to either fear of what other people think of you or fear of death. i am curious if this is just me? sometimes simplifying it makes it easier for me to deal with, at least during less intense moments where i still have control of my mind. i realize a fear of death is a bit unbeatable, but some how that seems to give me a bit of peace. the one that i have a hell of a time with is fear of what other people thinking.
inner monologue oh, my god. the clock is ticking. i can't believe it's already 5 o'clock. the deadlines pile up, the emails never end, and i'm stuck in this never ending cycle of stress. my chest feels tight. my heart races. i'm sweating. i thought i could handle it, but now i don't know. this is too much. my brain is a foggy haze, and i can't seem to focus on anything. every tiny detail feels monumental, and i'm unable to prioritize. i can't breathe. i need to take a step back, but there
stress and coping so i've been working now with a team of researchers to understand stress better. if you are 18 and live in the us, please check this link out. https tccolumbia.qualtrics.com jfe1 form sv 9uegpgupsncocfq the study aside, it would be need to collect some resources here to cope with anxiety and stress. i really liked this cpg grey vide https www.youtube.com watch?v snahsxyo3ck amp ab channel cgpgrey o that came out i the pandemic as it relates to mental and physical health
the reflection should describe their reaction and what they plan to do about it. i'm feeling inundated with responsibilities, my thoughts a chaotic jumble of deadlines, commitments, and expectations. the relentless pull of obligations has left me drained, and my patience thin. it's time for me to draw boundaries, prioritize, and make room for self care. i need to remind myself that it's okay to say 'no' and give myself the space to breathe, so i can refocus and handle what truly matters.
inner monologue breathe. in and out, in and out. the clock ticks, inexorable, unyielding, mocking. 5 59. i m nowhere near done. not even close. 6 00, the hour i vowed to leave this place behind, escape the weight of endless expectations. my mind races through the tangled jungle of unfinished tasks. reports to submit. emails to answer. calls to make. plans to make. deadlines loom. goals unmet. there s a riptide of doubt coursing through my veins, pulling me under the relentless current of
i am so scared that he will realize how fucked up and terrible i am and not want to continue things. i don't want him to go and he keeps assuring me he will not, but i am so, so scared that sometimes it is overwhelming. i feel like this is a disgrace on my part, because, logically, i know that he very much likes me and he really wants to stick around. but there's a part of me that genuinely believes i am not good enough and that i will not be enough once he realizes that. i am so fucked.
stress is or physical illness is there even a difference? last year the past few months i had been suffering from stress for me the physical symptoms are a tightness in the chest leading to a feeling of tension through my body. i finally went to a doctor and they diagnosed me not with stress but pretty bad gerd. i took large doses of nexium for a few months and wow stress and tension gone. has anyone else had this experience where past stress is masking a physical illness or vice versa?
and one of the girls pull me and asks me if i like him and i said yeah and she goes if you like him you can have him because my friend is only here for one night... gets pulled . and there i was in a packed nightclub all on my own. trying not to cry about the fact i got ditched by my date for the night. so i leave the club go home on the train with the worst feeling ever, more insecure than i ve ever been. tl dr one of the worst feelings i ve ever had in my life sorry for being dramatic
he could not understand why i resented him, when in his mind, it was me who was being 'abusive'. because i couldnt fake being into sex with him, which made me a 'bad girlfriend', because i wasn't ecstatic about always having to take on every responsibility and basically take care of him as if he were a child. he constantly told me that i was just playing the victim, when it reality it was really him who actually was the victim. i was the 'bad person' in the relationship. well fuck you.
thought why can't i just turn off my brain? i feel like i'm constantly stuck in my own head, replaying the same thoughts and worrying about everything. i'm so exhausted, both mentally and physically, but i can't seem to find any peace or rest. i wish there was a way to just reset and start over. but even that seems like a daunting task, adding to my anxiety instead of easing it. i just want a moment of relief, a moment to catch my breath and collect myself. is that too much to ask for?
think about the emotions they might be feeling as they re feeling burnt out. consider what might help them find relief or recover from their stress. feeling weighed down by the relentless demands of daily life, i am grappling with waves of exhaustion and mounting anxiety, longing for a respite to restore balance and regain inner peace. the cacophony of responsibilities calls out for a moment of stillness, a gentle whisper of self compassion, and a rediscovery of the simple joy within.
sick all the time? hi all, i'm always super stressed because of my job and the option of quitting or even taking a vacation just isn't possible right now. the problem is i'm literally always sick before my previous manager left the stress was high and i was getting a cold or flu around once a month, but now it's almost every week or two that i gotta call of work for being sick. i just wanted to know if anyone else has experienced this and if you have any tips that could help! thanks!!
hi everybody, i'm a 22 year old male who has had extreme depression and anxiety issues since i was 12 years old. i was also a competitive swimmer growing up and these issues started flaring up when i was moved into an age group with a very strict and demanding groups. 1.5 hour swimming sessions 4k yards 6 days a week with a 30 minute dryland practice everyday or every other day, i believe. i had swam maybe one meet before getting placed into this group and was completely overwhelmed.
i felt horrible for her. ever since, i ve been close friends with corrine. she told me a lot about what happened with her family, and we had a lot of late night conversations where she told me about how she had these nightmares of what might ve happened, how she had bits of her brother s brain on her shoes afterwards, how she tracked blood through the house while she went to get the phone to call 911. i felt so awful. we were close, but i knew her past was traumatic and rarely pried.
i want to note that i told my husband that if he came to me and told me for his sanity he needed to leave, i'd do it even if it was dumb for us monetarily. nothing is worth him being tortured and putting pressure on our marriage. i think the reason we get by is because sometimes we can get away with once a day torture from my mother, she also helps us a lot especially me and some days are ok. he just feels harassed and i understand this more than anyone because i feel the same way. .
as each day passes, the weight of responsibilities continues to accumulate, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and anxious. i need a break but fear that taking time for myself will only add to my pile of tasks. despite the constant demand on my time and energy, i recognize the importance of taking care of my mental and emotional well being. however, the thought of taking a break fills me with guilt and fear that i will fall behind on my obligations, adding to the already mounting stress.
i am quite introverted and the broken friendship i had with my previous roommate made me feel very anxious, so i moved into an apartment on my own. i love living alone, but when i have severe anxiety attacks it becomes lonely and almost unbearable. i sometimes think so much that it feels like i am going crazy. i have terrifying thoughts and i make up scenarios in which i have some terrible condition, or i am dying. my parents know that i have anxiety, but never took it too seriously.
no good days i have so much stuff to do and worry about i cant relax i have schizophrenia and hear voices occasionally, im on 7 medications for it, i got denied for a cheaper apartment, i have an abusive bf, my job isnt paying the bills, i have a three year old to watch and provide for, i have bad social snxiety so im stressed meeting new ppl irl, alot of my family members are old or have passed away. i have this car to fix, i have debts to pay. .... a million problems wtf am i to do
did i mention my parents are religious? i don't know if this is normal for religious people to treat. whenever i tell them i'm terrified of being homeless they tell me i'm a acting like a baby and get over it my parents parents did not treat them this way. they're basically mad because they i guess 30 or 40 years ago were different when they were my age? because they said they both lived on their own at 17 and that they find it creepy i'm 16 and they find it creepy being around me .
the prospect of this has me utterly overwhelmed right now though. i apologize for the erratic train of thought in this post i'm honestly at my wits end and thought it would be worth reaching out on this sub. even if you can't help me financially, any sort of aid would be helpful. i'm going to be on my own for the first time, so any household supplies you might even have laying around that you could donate would probably be helpful. even advice or resources would be great right now.
we've been through so much. this is easily the toughest break up i've ever had my other relationships were very easy to get over. tl dr i broke up with my bf who had anger issues, financial issues, drug and alcohol issues, depression and anxiety, and unresolved feelings from a gf that died in a car crash 1 year before he met me. but his good qualities where he was considerate, loyal, caring, honest, gentlemanly and supportive is what makes me miss him. especially his good bye text.
thought my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace. the endless tasks and demands on my time and energy are beginning to take a toll on me. i feel like i'm drowning in my own thoughts and the weight of the world is on my shoulders. i need a break, but there never seems to be enough time or energy for self care. i wonder if this is just the way life is supposed to be, or if there's a way to manage the stress and find some inner peace.
i'm a 24 yr old female and i've never had a person i could call a friend in my life. there was a 2 and a half year period where i barely left the apartment. my first job was when i was 23. its a warehouse job and it will have been a year since i started working there in a couple of weeks. even though i've been there for that long i havent formed any relationship with anyone there because i always avoid getting too familiar with anyone, that's my default way of being and i hate it.
i just got a new job and i won't get paid until the 18th. i've only been unemployed for a week now, the company i worked for closed and after bills i have no money. i was already trying to get on my feet from being let go from my long term job in october. if you could help me i will contribute to this sub when i can, pay you back, reciprocate in any way that i can. i don't have family that i can ask for help both parents are deceased, no siblings, not close with aunts and uncles .
dizzy and lightheaded due to stress? lately i ve been getting moments on and off where i suddenly feel dizzy and or lightheaded. i ve been to the dr and all my bloodwork looks good. i know i m currently really stressed and it flares up extra when something unexpected happens. it s more an annoyance than anything else bc nothing is actually wrong with me for me to go to hospital or leave work just to have it happen again the next time i get overwhelmed. has anyone experienced this?
when i was 16 my braces were removed due to bone loss caused by pre juvenile periodontitis. my orthodontist had advised against a retainer because of cost and not believing i would need it. so sometime around my 17th year my teeth began to shift, horribly. now i'm left with a horribly crooked and hanging front tooth, and have been terrified to speak to, or smile at anyone for years. it's absolutely destroyed my self esteem, and i've contemplated suicide many times because of it.
he also talked very condescendingly to me and the other female servers, as well as being a total arse in general. i wanted to say something so badly, but by the time i worked up the courage, he took her arm and led her to their car. also, i didn't want to make things worse for her by sticking up for her in public. i wrote down their license plate number and car model, but i did not get the chance to see the name on the card he paid with. i really want to reach out to this woman.
over thinking about stuff i'm still debating if i wanna try and learn to drive. i do wanna move one day and i know i can without a car but it might be easier with a car but i'd only be able to do daytime driving i'm sure. idk if i'd be able to find a guy who likes me if i'm not driving though but i'm still independent without a car though. i'm probably thinking too much about it though. i really need to stop over thinking about shit but my mind just goes into overdrive at times
be sure to address the negative feelings or emotions and explore a possible solution. feeling weighed down by a mountain of work, endless responsibilities, and seemingly insurmountable challenges, i can't help but feel completely overwhelmed and stuck. the constant pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional health. to regain balance and reduce stress, i am committing to setting boundaries, delegating tasks, and practicing mindfulness through meditation and journaling.
i wondered if anyone else had a similar place that they always found themselves in. i can't decide if it's healthy or not since most of the traumatic things that happened at home were in that space. i'll find myself camped out, sobbing on the floor, but can't really pinpoint why it's the place i always seek out. secondly if it's not helping me recover, how can i make the rest of my house more appealing? i'm not consciously choosing to end up in the kitchen it's just where i go.
he knows that i'm still on the fence about pot and, without me even asking, promised me that he would not do it. but, last march while he was gone, he got extremely drunk and ended up smoking. he got extremely sick and ended up vomiting and passing out on the bathroom floor of their bus, and called me the next day and told me everything. this was extremely difficult for me to process. i couldn't really understand how something that he swore off doing he just... ended up doing.
you can't just shake it off. the weight never truly leaves, hanging over your shoulders like a giant boulder. constant stress is like carrying an invisible, heavy backpack, day in and day out. the straps dig into your shoulders, weighing you down with each step. despite all efforts to put it down, the burden seems to never lift. even when you think you've shed some weight, a new stone appears. the relentless toll leaves you drained, struggling to keep up and search for relief.
i feel like i'm letting this take over my life, i'm constantly worried, about what if is more then just anxiety. i went to the university psychiatrist, after a 15 min talk he gave some pills and he book the next consultation for a mouth later. the psychologist is impossible to book because is full. my parents are away they worry so much, they want me to come home, i live 5 hours away from them this includes flying . i just don't know, i feel really insecure about all of this.
it has been very hard recently to stop thinking about committing suicide. ive never wanted to commit suicide so bad in my life. i attempted last month and since then i ve had a really strong urge to off myself. im totally ready and willing. but life has been showing signs of getting better. idk how to get over the feeling. the feeling of wanting to commit suicide is almost addictive as if death could fulfill the role of the greatest drug known to man. a pure release of peace.
sensory design concept survey hello! i'm a design student who's looking into solutions for stress and sensory regulation for neurodivergent individuals. specifically looking for feedback from people who struggle with sensory input themselves or who know a lot about the subject. please take 5 minutes of your time to fill out this survey and give me some feedback on my concepts! thank you so much for your time! https forms.gle dk8coie4yuzmewwc8 https forms.gle dk8coie4yuzmewwc8
i am constantly being controlled by my abuser in having to fight his continued harassment in court, or i am controlled by my emotionally abusive husband who i can't leave because i have no money and we have kids together. i am starting to become seriously suicidal. last year, on my birthday, i made a serious and almost successful attempt on my life because of ptsd triggers that weren't even as bad as these. my birthday is coming up again in february. i don't know what to do.
puss on throat from stress anxiety..anyone else experience this? puss on throat from stress anxiety?? anyone else?? every so often when i m stressing a lot i get a sore throat and puss growing. it s not strep. just wondering if this happens to anyone else?? it s really gross but sometimes i can stop it from happening if i feel a sore throat coming i calm myself down. it just happened again for the first time in a few years. it s usually followed by a fever like full on sick.
inner monologue exhale deeply god, i can't do this anymore. another day, another problem. the clock ticks, relentless and unforgiving, a never ending assault on my weary senses. the tasks, endless. the deadlines, immovable. the responsibilities, crushing. the demands, insatiable. i can feel my insides fraying, unraveling at the seams. i'm not a machine. i'm human. but today, and every day, it feels like i'm expected to be both. i can't keep up. i can't focus. i can't think.
fidget toys to relieve stress at work i struggle with anxiety at work, and often find myself biting my nails or repeatedly clicking my pen as an outlet for my stress. at home, i use spinners and other various toys to keep my hands busy, but i feel silly bringing them into work, as a fidget spinner just doesn't seem fitting for the office environment. are there any stress relief fidget toys tools that you all use at work? ideally something subtle and quiet! amp x200b thanks!
i created this gofundme as a way to help my mom pay our cats vet bills and because they all need to see a vet pretty badly. this is url . i don't know if it is overtly clear in the picture but he has a cyst under his eye and treating it at home isn't working anymore. my mom is still paying off the vet bills from almost a year ago when my oldest cat honey needed emergency surgery. honey, shea, and my youngest cat emily all need to see a vet pretty badly but cost is too much.
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think i feel like i'm constantly spinning my wheels, but i'm not getting anywhere. the weight of my responsibilities and commitments feels like a heavy blanket that i can't escape from. i want to take a break, but i can't seem to find the time or energy to do so. my mind and body are exhausted, and i feel like i'm losing myself in the process. i need to find a way to reset and refocus before i hit a breaking point.
i have been having anxiety sense i was 16, i'm now 20. this 4 years have been difficult, lots of ups and downs, on and off medication and therapy never really had more then just 3 appointments with the same professional ever . then it came university and i had to move away from my family which didn't helped a lot. i had the last 6 months without anxiety but in april everything changed. i have been having anxiety attacks almost everyday, then it came the intrusive thoughts.
hi everyone, and thank you in advance for reading. i moved my family from texas to colorado thinking i had a new job lined up on the other side this job fell through. fortunately i have a new job starting january 23rd, but i don't have enough in savings to carry me through. we are running very low on necessities like bread and milk. i am unable to go to the local food banks because i still only have a texas dl, i can't afford to transfer my license or vehicle registration.
i don't know what to do. the police are no help as i'm usually tossed in the squad car and questioned like a fucking criminal because why would she lie? . i can't keep the 2400 a month in child support up because i can't get a job i usually make 3000 a month net and i'm pretty sure i'm going to be homeless in a few days. all i want is to help my daughter and make sure she's safe and i've run out of ideas. anything you kind folks could think of would be greatly appreciated.
edited to add i am unable to work, my disabilities are worsening frighteningly quick and i have no doctor, plus i keep getting dismissed at the er. i've been struggling more and more with breathing and movement, i even had to start using a wheelchair. i have severe digestive issues and they've gotten so much worse i bleed when i go to the toilet. i'm in chronic pain and chronic nausea, it's like having the stomach flu forever stuff keeps coming out. so i really can't work.
not capable of relaxing? hi you all, my problem is i would like to pursue more creative hobbies like drawing but 90 of the times i feel i can't because i am too stressed for something i am in uni now, so it is alternating between lessons and exams . that something being too mentally tired for doing anything else rather the watching the phone or the tv, or being too mentally tired because of studying. i am sure someone else has encountered this problem. how you solve this?
i beg him to let go of me so i can get my phone and call my dad. i bang on the floor and scream for help to try to get the downstairs neighbours' attention. he mocks my crying and tells me he's not doing anything to me, that i'm freaking out over nothing. we're struggling against each other, his elbow hitting my face, his arm occasionally choking me. i fight hard to inch towards my phone to get help, but any time i get close he grabs my phone and throw it out of my reach.
i self harm sometimes too. i ve also lately begun to have constant, daily, and explicit nightmares about tarantulas, roaches, and beetles crawling over me while i m paralyzed. i don t know it s that s relevant or anything, but it may be good to add anyways. i m asking bc i don t want the therapist to yell at me or call me a liar like the last few did, so i m low key nervous and i don t want to get in any more trouble with my school. any thoughts or criticisms are welcome.
you may write it as a poetic free verse or in paragraph format, or adopt the persona of someone else an animal, a mythical creature, an inanimate object, etc. . title a hive of buzzing minds i. amorom, the royal drone dwelling in a hive of dizzying proportions, we labor to sustain, to grow, a monarch's empire. the hum and rhythm of labor is ever present, a lullaby that haunts me lured by work, entangled by honeycombs. duty dances through the cells, ceaselessly beckoning.
i've reached the point of utter fatigue, both physically and mentally. i thought i could handle another day, but it's become a blur of endless tasks and obligations. each moment blends into the next, yet i'm still left with an overwhelming sense of pressure to perform. it's as if i'm drowning in my own thoughts, incapable of escaping their grasp. maybe a break, a moment of solace, is all it takes to recharge, but the thought of even that simple task seems insurmountable.
my problems started after my first panic attack which had happened in october. after that i had a lot of anxiety about my heart bp 140 90 i was medicated with zoloft for a while, it helped but i didn't want to become dependent on it and i had a lot of side effects. my bp with zoloft was around 120 70 after some weeks the anxiety came back with horror, fear of the death and lump in a neck, stiffness in chest. my blood thyroid hormones were measured, everything's perfect.
! i feel like i am in a pit that i cannot escape from. i know that i am anxious all the time and terrified of fucking up and i know for sure that the more anxious i am, the more i cannot focus well and think straight and the more likely it is for me to fuck up .. and somehow, everytime i do, i feel like i just want to belittle myself so much that i deliberately and purposefully want to see myself covered in blood and bruises because i feel like i deserve it! ! edit 2 ..
this past week he's gotten really bad where he told her she couldn't use the house phone, her cell phone, the computer, the car, or even watch tv. he even stopped eating food that my mom makes and starting making his own for himself. yesterday i atleast bought my mom a new cell phone and added her to my plan. he hasn't improved in the past week whatsoever. this was the last straw for me and i want to move out in the next 2 months and ask her to live with me temporarily.
my boyfriend is currently stationed overseas while i m still in the states with my four year old and our seven month old. it has been very hard for both of us, but i at least have the kids. i often feel guilty for feeling sad or lonely because he doesn t have anyone there. no friends yet , family, and he misses our son terribly. he s having a really rough time with missing all of the milestones of babies first year and is depressed often... when he s sad he gets angry.
the little things hello, does anyone else feel like they re constantly getting stressed out by the little things? it seems like every day, there will be something to stress me out. the smallest things can bother me so much. i just get frustrated and upset when anything goes the least bit wrong, or when something doesn t work properly, or whatever. it just gets so difficult to do anything, to focus on anything, without getting stressed and anxious, and i get a headache.
i got upset and called the dogs in and closed the door. when he came in he avoided me at first and when i confronted him about lying and sneaking around he defended it by saying it's my fault that i'm not okay with it. i've never been okay with it and i feel like i've been lead on throughout this entire relationship. the fact that he would prioritizing getting high over comforting me really hurts my feelings. i'm tired of feeling like a plant is more important then me.
sometimes i'll stop and just stand somewhere or stare until i get snapped out of it. i don't know for how long but it can't be for more than 10 minutes. i just found out about catatonia and i show a few other symptoms. when i dissociate it's usually a lot more violent and delusional so i thought maybe it was something else. i haven't brought it up with my therapist because i just had a meeting with her before learning about this, am i just looking too deep into things?
he has been my best friend since the first day we met, he treats me great, he is always loving, not at all selfish, etc. we rarely fight and have only had maybe 2 other big arguments which we worked out. i am just so hurt over what he said to me. do i just let it go and move forward with his apology? like i said, it s not like either of us ever drink and the only reason we made it a point to drink so much was because i spent so much on the alcohol package for vacation.
she thinks instead i should ask if i can read him how it has impacted me since this has happened. i don't know what to do. it's coming up so quickly and i'm feeling a twinge of anxiety as it gets closer. i keep telling myself i did everything i possibly could and that i should do what feels right to me even if it means i may feel like i'm going backwards at times. i also have to make a decision on if i want a permanent restraining order or a non violent contact order.
person i feel like i'm at the end of my rope. i've been pushing myself relentlessly for so long, and now i'm starting to break. the daily grind is starting to feel unbearable. i long for simple moments of tranquility, but it seems like those are unattainable in this busy world. my mind is foggy, my body is tired, and i feel disconnected from everything, even the things i once enjoyed. i fear that if i don't take a break soon, i may not have the strength to keep going.
she says she's sorry and that she would never have taken it to a physical place, and completely rejected the first co workers request to take it further. however she continued to talk to him and also continued to talk and flirt with the second co worker, when she knew he had romantic feelings. she says she's sorry and has an addiction to being desired. i told her it's not fair to me or the men she's leading on. she agrees and is trying to convince me to stay with her.
college soon, no money, not even a bed to sleep on. stressed. concerned how i ll manage to study living on someone s couch. i want my own place, i miss having a bed and being able to actually rest.. not wake up because you literally sleep in someone s living room and they have more then 3 people a day there. i can t sleep proper. i can t get money due to closing my shopify store, i dont get paid from school until july. i just really am in need of peace and food. ughh
the problem is that she won't accept the fact that i want to break up. she says i'm not giving a good enough reason. and she wants me to keep talking to her because i'm her only good friend that she can talk to and thinks she can win me back. i'm a pretty nice guy, and i feel bad for her because i know she struggles with making friends, and i feel like an ass if i just leave her. help me reason with myself that this is a good idea to leave her and stop communication.
i'm feeling drained, both physically and mentally. the weight of the world seems to be on my shoulders. i can't seem to find the energy to keep going. even the simple tasks are a struggle. all i want is a break, but i don't see how that's possible. i feel like i'm drowning and there's no way out. i wish someone could just take over for me for a while, but i know that's not realistic. i just need to keep pushing through, but i'm not sure how much longer i can hold on.
hey guys and girls. i've been going through a lot the past couple of years and was looking to maybe get some advice, or just find some people who can relate because i don't have that in my day to day life. i've tried to pinpoint where this started and this is the best i can come up with, and sorry if it gets long. i've had closure issues since i was 12 and my grandpa passed away. i cut myself off from any meaningful relationships including my family for over 5 years.
major trigger warning i find comfort in confined spaces, and can spend prolonged time in confined spaces verycomfortably. this is odd to most people, but i ll explain why. when i was with my parents, they were super abusive. they forced me to watch animals die, and frequently changed around my room so i wasn t familiar with it. they forcefully put splinters in my feet, allowed men to sexually assault me, and they even pepper sprayed me a couple times as a 2 year old.
i feel like i'm being pulled in a million different directions, and i can't keep up. my mind is constantly racing, and i'm having trouble focusing on anything. i'm barely getting by each day, and the thought of adding one more thing to my plate is overwhelming. i just need a break, but it seems like there's no end in sight. i'm beginning to worry that i'll never be able to catch up, and the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on my mental and physical health.
he's been violent pretty much since 6months in. nothing too horrendous at first just a slap or a punch or he'd spit in my face during an argument or grab me. i reasoned i could deal with that because he was always so remorseful and depressed afterwards. a year in we split up because he stole my car keys out of the ignition, got in the car and threatened to kill me rip out my hair and nails etc. i went to the police and they issued him with a domestic violence order.
60 days past due, need 1,500 by the end up business friday, current payment and past due amount. i made a post on r borrow and would be willing to offer same terms to anyone here. there i requested 2250, to also help consolidate some loans i have there, with a pay back amount of 2,750 over 5 months. if i lose this car, my world will collapse and i will most likely end up homeless. i'm hoping there is a kind soul on here who can help, but hope all have a blessed day!
i endured months and months of all types of abuse, the final time was when he grabbed an iron gym equipment that you attach to the wall and threatened to hit my pregant stomach with it. after all of this, after denying my child, saying he wasnt the father, after taking everything he had from me, i missed an important detail a witness stood quiet. to this day, i think heavily of this, and i fear that karma will get them both heavens forbid through the child. please.
i went there on autopilot, i was blank inside and i was ready to jump. my counsellor saw me through the window and called me on the phone, trying to distract me so she could send help over to me. campus was pretty much empty, everyone in exams or already finished for the summer and i felt at peace. i was gently talked away from the edge by campus security and they took me to see my counsellor. i havent seen her since this happened and im due back at uni next week.
19 years old, can't the mosquito alarm ayo so i used be able hear it when i was 15 16, but can't now, i think it's cuz i had really bad infection in both ears 17, they both bled and scabbed up a bit cuz i was get rid of the hardened wax, pain of intensity i never wish to feel again is there any way to get natural hearing back without hearing external shit like hearing aids? i know i don't need them now but for future reference and in case i can start early on it.
the rare times we have fought in the past, i ve always had to be the one to break the ice, regardless of the circumstances of the argument. i don t have it in me to go grovel for the comfort i sorely need. now i m just trying to cry myself asleep. what s the point of having a partner if they can t offer the most basic level of emotional support? is the writing on the wall is he just too immature, and how did this parent child dynamic creep in to our relationship?
i am a 30 year old male with a 5 lb dog recently homeless in washington state. my dog is the last remaining thing from when life was normal , and i refuse to get ride of her after being my companion for 6 years. reason for my homeless, car broke had to work fast food because it was close to home. i was assigned less hours than the high schoolers i worked with 3 4 hour shifts i was unable to maintain the apartment. i do not have any drug abuse problems or alcohol.
the person might think, why can't i just function normally? i'm so tired of feeling overwhelmed and burnt out. i need a break, but i can't seem to find the time or the energy to take one. maybe if i could just get more sleep, or if i could figure out a way to manage my workload, or if i could find a hobby that brings me joy, then i could handle this. but for now, i'm stuck in this cycle of stress and exhaustion, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going.
these thoughts are always a great source of frustration to me especially when i m close to an artistic deadline like a gallery exposition that is coming soon. i m never confident enough to show what i do. even the minister of culture in my country has made some very positive criticisms about it but my mind always goes back to thinking those people are only saying these things to be nice. honestly, does anyone else feel that way? what do you do when this happens?
i am a 30 year old male with a 5 lb dog recently homeless in washington state. my dog is the last remaining thing from when life was normal, and i refuse to get ride of her after being my companion for 6 years. reason for my homeless, car broke had to work fast food because it was close to home. i was assigned less hours than the high schoolers i worked with 3 4 hour shifts i was unable to maintain the apartment. i do not have any drug abuse problems or alcohol.
stress help for a busy life. what can i do to reduce stress with such a busy life? i work and do school right now and my week is basically slammed packed at all times when i m not sleeping. i m already generally extremely sleep deprived and have recently started nodding off while driving home to from work some days. a lot of days i don t even have time to eat much of anything some days. what am i supposed to do? i feel very backed into a corner with all of this.
person sighs deeply i can't keep going like this. my mind is fried, and my body feels like it's constantly on high alert. the pressure to perform at work, the never ending to do list at home, and the stress of trying to maintain relationships it all feels like too much sometimes. i just want to unplug and disconnect from the world for a little while, but i know that's not an option. how do people handle this kind of constant burnout without completely losing it?
feeling drugged from stress i have been stressed many times in my life but current issues with my teenage son are making me feel almost drugged. i keep falling asleep while sitting up and when i m awake i feel detached from reality. i tried to have coffee to stay awake but it s just making my insides shake without clearing up anything in my brain psyche. i don t know if this is a question or just an attempt to hear from anyone so i can re engage with the world.
later that night someone snuck into the building we were sleeping in and killed daniel.. he was chopped up with what i presume was a hatchet. i don't know why they spared me or jay to this fucking day but i'd gladly take daniel's place, he was the sweetest boy i ever knew. we were heartbroken and i vowed that i would find the bastard and get revenge for daniel. i'm crying as i am typing this part because this is what fucked me up the most. chapter seven adopted
person sighs deeply my mind feels cluttered and my emotions are constantly bubbling up, i can't seem to find the peace i used to know. every day feels like a never ending cycle of tasks, worries, and obligations. i crave the simplicity of a clear mind and the tranquility of an emptied heart, but how do i even begin to find it amidst the chaos? maybe a change in perspective is needed, but with my mind racing a million miles an hour, that's easier said than done.
telling me i wasn't pretty enough, my boobs weren't large enough, i wasn't thin enough, i wasn't a good girlfriend to him, i wasn't making him happy. he told me he didn't feel loved unless i was having sex with him, and only then did he feel happy. he would threaten constantly to leave, and oftentimes did as a power grab when i got out of hand , and then would make me beg for him back. i felt so unsure of myself. i wasn't enough, and that's why he was leaving.
why am i feeling like i miss him.. i ve been okay for 7 damn days then he texted my grandmother asked me if i wanted him to mail me my stuff a card now i m starting to feel bad. why is he seeming so decent now... why do i feel so damn guilty.. why do i feel like i did something wrong. he hasn t tried to do anything harmful to me, the only thing he s been asking about is our children as expected.. but i ve been ignoring him. why do i feel like i m in the wrong.
there are guards you have to ask for everythig and the other people who live there while most are ok some either look like trouble or actually give trouble. . in theory i would have moved to the capital and taken up fitness instructor course and applied for an education. only my gpa is bad even though i took higher level classes than requirred. so i need to fix my study habits and i need to either sue my dad or find closure with him and cut him out of my life.
how to take criticism effectively so i struggle with criticism. on the moment i'm contradicted on a subject, i doubt just about everything i know. it's a huge problem. i will become extremely anxious and self pity, if i don't get defensive. typically if someone else is wrong or criticized even at the smallest degree at a similar time, it's like instant relief, but that isn't a given. how should i learn to take criticism so i'm actually a better person from it?
i cant keep up with anything and it s taking both a physical and mental toll on me. everything just a jumbled mess right now and i can t handle it. my cousin passing, school, being bullied for both my autism and abilities, my job, my diabetes, my parents, my friends, every single thing in my life is ruining me and i don t know how to deal with it. ive tried everything. i don t know anymore. im only 15, and i don t have hope for anything. its just all too much.
i check on my mom several times a day and i know it has to be annoying. i am trying to find the right medication but none seem to work for me, i go to therapy, and i talk about it but i am so sick of feeling this way. i know it is temporary and that i won t be this way forever, but right now, it sucks. i can t sleep because i worry so much, it s hard to focus at work because i worry so much, it s hard to be social because i worry so much. thanks for listening.
first job this will probably be funny to most ppl but, i m planning on applying to walmart as a cashier as my first ever job but i m extremely nervous because i m really really bad at basic math and have trouble with basic numbers and i always overthink things and keep thinking of scenarios where if i had to give back change or smth i d be totally stuck and look like an idiot i just thought i d share that and hopfully people in the comments can help me out ty
20m, my stress is so overwhelming. i feel like i ve been forgotten i have so many bills to manage and i know so little about managing money on top of that my dad is an alcoholic so after i come out of work everyday 40 50hrs he gives me problems. i work so much and go through so much everyday that i can t proceed with my own future, i can t properly deal with my own insecurities when i have to handle everything else. i m so tired. i wonder if things get easier
exhale, let go of the weight on your shoulders. the world won't come to an end if you take a break. you've got this, but only if you allow yourself to recharge and refresh your mind and body. prioritize self care and watch how your energy and resilience come back. remember, it's okay to ask for help and accept that you can't do it all on your own. selfcare mentalhealth resilience staystrong yougotthis relaxation mindfulness. mymindfuljourney findcalm staycalm
person why does life have to be so complicated and demanding? i just want a break from the constant stress and pressure. it feels like there's always something new to worry about, a problem to solve, or a deadline to meet. i'm tired of being stuck in this cycle of mental and emotional exhaustion. sometimes i feel like i'm drowning, and i don't know how to swim any longer. i just wish for a little peace and tranquility, a chance to catch my breath and refocus.
for me, that doesn't help at all. it just makes me feel like i'm just pissing him off, and my problem has suddenly become his, minimizing my emotions about it? i hope that makes sense . he always says i need to be protected, but he doesn't understand that it's not an imminent threat in my life anymore, but a constant struggle and disability that my brain works and processes things differently now and always will. i just feel so very alone when i talk to him.
my father is an alcoholic, and he has been for about 34 years. my mom has had to deal with this the entire time, and lately, he has been having parties at their house and drinking up until 3 4am almost every weekend. he drinks everyday, and my mother usually comes to me to vent about it. i ve honestly lost my patience because i feel she should do something about it, but she won t. she s afraid to leave because he says he ll accuse her of abandoning the home.
this reflection could include reasons for feeling stressed and how they re managing the situation. i've found myself at the breaking point of a never ending stream of obligations and responsibilities. my personal commitments pile up amidst the constant pressures at work. i'm learning to prioritize, take deep breaths, and find moments of peace amidst the chaos. i hope to find harmony again, knowing that balance can only be achieved through intentional effort.
when i try to befriend artists or thinkers or doers. they often either shun me because my work has been sub par and nearly non existant and they don't see me as equal. or they show sexual romantic interest i don't reciprocate which makes me nervous and avoidant. sometimes i am shunmed i think because they mistake my interest in making friends for a romantic interest. i am quite annoyed by all the assumptions game playing projecting that goes on in the world.
i have complex ptsd due to past romantic relationships and some other various traumas in my life. also diagnosed bipolar, severe social general anxiety, ocpd currently suffering symptoms that and messing with my healthy thought patterns and its tearing apart my current relationship. i am terribly upset because this is the first partner to really take me as i am dark side and all the paranoid feeling that things are going to end has made it almost inevitable.
i've been homeless for a couple days since my roommate completely screwed me by not paying rent for 5 months and hid notices from me. i only had a week to move out, and get things into storage. i was able to find a roof to sleep under for a short time but it's severely roach infested and i have to sleep on the floor. there isn't anything availible at my price range, certainly not on that short of a notice. i had a few prospects but they went to other people.
i've been couchsurfing now for 75 days and life is getting harder at this time as money is sinking. been getting into bad thought loops so i decided to write a blog that allows me to express my sadness through more happy words. i currently have two posts. first one url was about how i ended up in this situation and describing overall how am i doing and the latest one is about last week and how mentally challenging it was to be sick as a homeless person. url
stressed about schoolwork i have pretty nice teachers except for one. she's really strict and gives way more work than the rest. this wouldn't be a problem, except she teaches three of my main classes. i have a upcoming group project due this monday, and so far, i'm not even halfways done. i'm always stressed about her classes, and i can't enjoy anything because my stomach always hurts from the stress. is there anything i can do to make my situation better?
this has made me really question where i am and if i should be staying put. sort of if where i was was right i wouldn't be feeling like this is now. i'm not thinking i should leave for the sake of being single to see someone else but maybe if i'm not as happy as i thought i should be leaving for me to have some time and space to do things on my own. any suggestions reddit? tl dr my crush on my driving instructor is making me think about leaving my boyfriend
short survey for student project please support hello community, i hope this post is allowed. i am a sports student and writing a paper about the positive influence of breath work on stress burnout. you would do me a tremendous favor if you can take part in my very short survey. thanks a lot in advance! all your data will stay anonymous! no email or so required. https forms.gle kzsk2nreccscwhpk8 https forms.gle kzsk2nreccscwhpk8 amp x200b cheers, christian
she gave me an 11 pm curfew even though i was in my 20s and never gave me a key. she not picked every little thing i did even though i tried so hard to be a good guest because i thought maybe that s why she didn t like me. whenever i am allowed to come here i have to bring my own food and own blanket. when i told my mom i was in such a bad mental space that i thought i was going to kill myself and didn t feel safe to be alone she said i couldn t come over.
my current bf does not care about guy friends and trusts me to not put myself in a precarious position. when does this feeling of guilt go away? i cant spend the rest of my life working and spending time at home away from other people. the level of anxiety is near panic attack and occasionally leads to one to the point where i dont eat and barely sleep for days. tl dr feeling guilty over nothing from being conditioned in a previously abusive relationship.
oh fucking boy! my ex boyfriend made me think he was prince charming, but then it turned out he was just an asshole who wanted to date my ex bully stalker. she is just like me because she was obsessed with me for one and a half years. she is a prettier me, so instead of leaving me like a normal person, he abused me and used his incredibly strong narcissism to make every problem i had about him. he tried to make me dump him so his plan would all correlate.
i never really knew people gave a shit about me, and it really meant a lot to me it still does. but if so many people are here for me, and things are going to be okay, why am i still afraid of them? why do i still have a pit in my stomach and why are these thoughts still clawing at the sides of my skull? why am i crying right now? i don't understand it, i don't understand my own brain and i feel like an ungrateful prick for still being shaken up so badly.
person i've hit a wall. my mind is foggy, my energy is low, and i can't seem to focus on anything. every task feels overwhelming and even simple decisions leave me feeling drained. i wish i could just hit the restart button and start fresh. but i can't escape the weight of my responsibilities and the expectation to perform at a high level all the time. i fear i'll never be able to bounce back and i'll be stuck in this exhausted and stressed state forever.
on top of that, i also haven't taken the act, because i didn't think i'd even consider college. i literally feel like i know nothing and am completely unprepared for the act no matter how much i study, because i never payed attention in my classes. more things stressing me out are politics and family. but, not as much as the school job thing. and i haven't reached out to anyone to tell them how stressed i am, and i feel it seems so stupid, and i'm sorry.
be sure to focus on the sensory and emotional feelings as you write. amidst the whirlwind of endless responsibilities, my mind races, cluttered with to do lists and looming deadlines. my heart beats faster, a familiar knot of anxiety and frustration twisting in my chest. my breathing shallow, my hands tremble, each sensation more debilitating than the last. the weight of the world presses down upon me, threatening to crush every last bit of peace within.
throwaway because i don't want this tied to my main account. for some background, 30 yo male diagnosed with gad, depression and ptsd. otherwise healthy, but recently my anxiety has been getting worse and showing itself in the most fucking frustrating way. i'm about a year and a half out of an extremely toxic and abusive relationship. i don't want to go into the details at this point but that relationship shattered my trust in people and, frankly, myself.
i recently went through an event that was extremely traumatic. without specifying what, it was recently everywhere on the news. it's been less than a week and not even sure what i'm dealing with here but all i know is that i feel like i am being discouraged from getting help. most of my recommendations have been people that are off record . i've talked a little with them and have talked amongst my friends and they say they do not feel they are any help.
but, for now, and until i'm on the proper road to recovery, i just feel no need to have sex and it worries me more than anything. he says sex is natural and in the moment, but i find myself having to plan everything down to what to say and do in advance. sex just doesn't come naturally to me. this has been posing a major threat to my sexual identity, and i fear if i initiate tomorrow i'll just burst into tears in the middle of it all. i'm so, so scared.
i'm not getting any resources from the va and i'm not getting better. i'm 100 , war time, service connect disabled for ptsd. i've been kicked out of the mhicm range program because i'm not making enough progress ie not magically getting better. im currently doing act therapy but it's not helping and the va here can't offer talk therapy so they referred me to the vet center. after about six months there, my therapist told me i was too depressed to help.
i recently got out of a 2 year abusive relationship and am now going to court against him with domestic violence charges. originally, i was told that i wouldn t have to testify as there was ample evidence, but now i am being told i must testify about a week from now. i am terrified to see my abuser in court and i was wondering what i should expect. does anyone have any advice for me or can tell me what i should expect at the trial? thank you so much.
just looking acidentaly at news or pictures of weed in the web specially while working triggered this super anxious and horrible feeling. i would take around an hour or two to recover of this feeling. to this day i still suffer with this. when, at work, i will have an important meeting, i am praying that when i am in the computer, no article about marijuana or weed suddenly appears in the newsfeed...can you imagine this? this is completly irrational.
i only realized this was a stupid idea in my freshman year of college when i started having flashbacks. i tried once more to do therapy and almost failed out of school. again i buried it all to be dealt with at a more convenient time. i have now been working in a job that don't mind for the last year and 3 months. i found that november and december were a struggle and because of that i planned to address my stuff by going to therapy starting in 2019.
i might be homeless soon, i have about 500 dollars in my bank account and i need to get out of massachusetts. i am going to be a college drop out in my 3rd year due to family reason instead of academics. after a lot of research, i am contemplating between wichita, kansas and columbus, ohio. i really just want a minimum wage job where i can have a bed and private bathroom. afterward i can get my life together and start taking programming jobs again.
person i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, deadlines, and obligations. each day, i wake up feeling tired, both physically and mentally, with a never ending list of things to do. even on my days off, i feel the weight of unfinished tasks pressing on me, making it hard to enjoy simple pleasures or recharge. it's all consuming, leaving little room for relaxation, self care, or even just thinking and reflecting on the bigger picture.
i went to hang with friends for a movie night and it was wonderful. but damn, i felt really inferior. my friends are branching off and doing amazing things, and i feel i m in the corner just trying to make it through the day, constantly dealing with chronic pain, low immunity, and ptsd. i ve been doing a lot of therapy work around traumas i have experienced as a child, and that s been good but also really hard. i m just having a rough time tonight.
she gives me something weaker that i know will not work. i've been on so many meds, i feel like i'm at the point where i know what will work and what won't and she might as well written me a script for a sugar pill. this is what she decides to do after i tell her how anxious i am, how a heavy duty benzo isn't working and how i'm near the brink of ending my life due to fear and anxiety and have no options left. do i blame her for being cautious? no.
except now, the boyfriend's taken up drinking as he did before and has fallen back into his verbal and physically abusive habits. i'm not willing to take this anymore and i honestly fear for my safety when he has these psychotic mood swings. i have nowhere to go, though. no family or friends in this area and honestly, the area my family does live in was a living with druggies situation i do not want to be forced back into. i don't know what to do.
in his own ways i know he loves me but he's double my body weight, he's a weight lifter, and he has blind rage that only comes out on me of all people . if i keep gambling he could permanently damage me. i'm in healthcare i know these numbers so why? i like to believe that he knows his limits when we're fighting but he has scared me and himself in the past. now that chokings are happening during every incident, the accidents could be irreversible.
stress is a heavy weight that rests on the shoulders, making it difficult to lift the load of daily life. it's like carrying a backpack full of boulders, each day adding more and more weight. eventually, the back starts to ache, and the energy to carry on fades. the emotional toll is felt in every fiber of being, leaving one feeling drained, exhausted, and overwhelmed. it's a never ending battle that takes a heavy toll on the mind, body, and soul.
i'm 24 and have massive amounts of stress going on with job hunting. i live with parents who are constantly on my back and getting angry with me for not having a job. they keep trying to help me by saying oh this place is hiring and that place is hiring again. i have tried all places where i live and every time i don't get an interview let alone hired. even if they have a sign up that they are hiring, they tell me sorry we're not hiring right now.
i recieved an eviction notice on 8 28 17 i have forms for food stamps and medical, some of my possessions are at a friends house for safe keeping. i want advice on where to live that is affordable, has a decent college nearby for when i can pay for education, and a place where work is available. my highest education is high school graduate. if i have to move than that is fine but i need to make a plan so that i manage what little money i may have.
summa summarum i got attacked by two guys, without any provcation. my nose broke, so even if i didn't want to make a charge, the police automatically makes a charge since it's agravated assault, since a bone broke this is the law here . i don't really want to talk much about it, because it triggers me. so, one day my phone rings, and a police officer called me, that i need to go to the police station to a so called confrontation . i was like what?
grad school vent anyone else in a master's program and hate it? nothing is ever explained, such complicated assignments, not to mention professors that are not invested in their students but care more about their research interests, a department that is so disorganized it is falling to pieces. anyone else can relate? thank god it is almost over, it has been one of the worst experiences, most stressful, and its been so draining on my mental health.
example 2. there was this life goal we had together and i happened to accomplish it much quicker than she did, but instead of being happy for me she would get super jealous and make me feel like shit for it. even though i helped her in every possible way to accomplish that goal too. example 3. whenever she sees that i'm upset about something, she'd buy gifts, tell me that she has something planned for us which later would turn out to be a lie etc.
i go through periods where all night i have nightmares and i can t slee because of them. these periods last for weeks or months on end and then stop briefly. three years ago i used to be on a medicine that helped with the nightmares, i can t remember the name though. it was a really old blood pressure medicine from the fifties that they gave to soldiers returning from war and they figured out that it helped with ptsd too. but it made me so tired.
i have had the worst anxiety of my life recently. as a college student i am now falling behind in classes, forgetting about sorority events and not interacting with my friends. i am slowly losing my mind. my room is a mess and the only thing keeping me out of a mental hospital right now is literally my students where i student teach. i am exhausted of fighting to get out of bed everyday, shaking when i sit in class and just not talking to anyone.
my mind feels like it's on overdrive, and i can't seem to find the off switch. i'm constantly racing through my to do list, yet i'm accomplishing less than ever before. i feel like i'm being pulled in a million different directions, and i can't keep up. i just want some peace and quiet, but it seems like that's an impossible luxury these days. i fear that if i don't find a way to manage my stress and exhaustion soon, i may break down completely.
i might be homeless soon, i have about 500 dollars in my bank account and i need to get out of massachusetts. i am going to be a college drop out in my 3rd year due to family reason instead of academics. after a lot of research, i am contemplating between wichita, kansas and columbus, ohio. i really just want a minimum wage job so i can have a bed and private bathroom. afterward i can get my life together and start taking programming jobs again.
write in first person voice. drowning in an ocean of tasks and responsibilities, my mind feels as if it s stuck on repeat, struggling to keep pace with the endless cycle of demands. each new email or voicemail feels like a wave crashing over me, stealing my energy and focus, leaving me feeling both drained and hopelessly behind. the weight of it all threatens to crush me, and i can t help but wonder how much longer i can continue to tread water.
fuck you bitch, i can make your life hell and get you kicked out of here. i manage this place when the owner is not around needless to say that is all a lie from him, he is here from dss social services just like i am. what i am worried about is my safety and security. this guy is obviously mentally ill and a drug addict and alchie, and now i am really concerned that he will do something to me because i stood up to him and his nonsense bullshit.
it helps with the physical symptoms, such as palpatations and elevated heart rate. however i still have attacks that force me to lay down alone for 30 minutes or more, sometimes hours. i have random pains all the time, my arm, leg, chest, stomach, headaches, etc. constant health anxiety too, i get one mild headache and think i have meningitis or a brain tumor, etc. well i had a checkup with him today and asked him about medicine i could use prn.
stress management stress is an inevitable part of life. it can be caused by a variety of factors, such as work pressures, finances, relationships, and more. but learning how to manage stress effectively is essential for our well being. in this article, we ll explore the key elements of effective stress management so that you can start living a healthy and balanced life. https beautyaal.com stress management https beautyaal.com stress management
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think, i can't keep going like this. every day feels like a endless grind, and i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to keep pushing through. i'm tired all the time, and even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i need a break, but i can't afford to take time off or i'll fall behind. i feel trapped and overwhelmed, and i'm not sure how much longer i can keep going like this.
but in that moment neither my words nor my body made a difference...he did what he wanted.... i wanted to push him, kick him, shout...but...i couldnt move. there were times he didn't listen to me but i never thought it would lead to him forcing himself onto me. i didn't trust i'd know how he'd react if i did or said anything...he wasn't the gentle and respectful person i thought he was. i left after the shower but when i got home, i broke down.
basically i m going through quite a bit right now. i suffer from anxiety, depression probably low mood, irritation, poor concentration and things just haven t been going that well. my friend who has autism makes off the wall jokes about death and killing in general. that bothers me as two of my friends have passed away in their 20s and i still think about them and try to remember the good times. suffering from the doubting disease has been fun.
i never felt so uncomfortable and scared other than the night he did put his hands on me and it was exact same feeling today. that was the scariest part. it felt like that night never ended and i was just at the peak of emotion. i know most of you will say you need to leave or something obvious yes i know. but things aren t that easy and than there s a me that is holding on to a stupid fucking thread of hope that he, of all people, will change.
breathing techniques for stress which breathing techniques do you find work best to calm you down when you feel stressed? i find box breathing breathe in for 4 seconds, hold for 4 seconds, exhale for 4 seconds, hold for 4 second, repeat and 4 7 8 breathe in for 4 seconds, hold for 7 seconds, exhale for 8 seconds, repeat are the two techniques that work best for me. slow, long breaths seem to make me feel the most calm too. what works for you?
cut to yesterday... my parents booked me in for an emergency appointment with the dr because my anxiety and depression is so bad i cannot function day to day and spend most of my time stuck in bed panicking. i was prescribed 2mg valium to go alongside my anti depressants. i took one and within 15 minutes i went from severe anxiety to complete calmness well... here comes the paranoia associated with my bad cannabis trip years ago... i freaked.
i'm fat, unattractive, unmotivated, and best of all six figures in student loan debt and not even graduated yet! i'll never be able to afford living on my own so there goes the last little bit of hope for dating, though relationships don't seem great to me anyway. i've fucked up my future lol. i have constant stomach pains and stiff pains everywhere from all the anxiety i feel on 24 7 basis. also my health is declining as well, so that's fun.
he shouldn't be able to do that to anyone else. i'm just so scared. i wasn't perfect either and i'm scared people won't believe me, or he will twist it so he's the victim and i'm the bad guy, although i know what happened was wrong and i have evidence that he knows what he did was wrong. im scared this will ruin my life, but i also can't bear the thought of him doing that to anyone else. if anyone needs details about what happened i can share
5 ways stress impacts the body and what to do about it! it s that time of year already. they ve been selling wrapping paper and toys at costco for 2 months now and the cashier asked if i wanted to pre order my organic turkey the other day. it s the holidays! https www.foundhealth.com blog 5 ways stress impacts the body e2 80 a6and what to do about it https www.foundhealth.com blog 5 ways stress impacts the body e2 80 a6and what to do about it
i have four kids full time, almost a year ago their dad was removed because of substantial abuse. it's been incredibly hard making ends meet by myself and although i get rent paid, all other bills are stuck on the back burner. our electric bill is over 400 and they're demanding 225 as a minimum payment. it's scheduled for disconnect today and i can't put it off any longer. i know it's a long shot but seriously needing a miracle at the moment.
hey all! i'm in san diego ca and about 2 years ago i was diagnosed with lupus nephritis. i haven't had the most stable care and have had to move all over the country just to maintain safety. most recently, my mother who i have a very rough to say the least relationship with said she would help take care of me financially as i cannot work right now. well for some reason this last month my mom just stopped paying my rent which led to eviction.
the endless cycles of work, laundry, grocery lists, and cleaning leaves me feeling trapped, as though life s demands never cease. despite the chaos, i m determined to find balance and simplify. as the cycles of work, laundry, grocery lists, and cleaning seem to never end, i find myself feeling overwhelmed and trapped in the whirlwind of daily life demands. despite the chaos, i'm determined to find inner peace and simplicity amidst the chaos.
here's one possibility i'm feeling so drained, like there's a heavy weight on my shoulders. the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations is overwhelming. it's a never ending cycle of working long hours, juggling deadlines, and dealing with challenges that seem to never end. sometimes i wonder if i'll ever be able to catch a break, or if i'll always feel this way. i just wish i could find a moment of peace and silence in this chaos.
the worst situations were forcing me to make a statement i knew was untrue in order to allow me to get ready for work becoming sexually rough and chasing me into another room to force himself on me, and rages where i ve felt threatened. these things have ruined my trust and love for him over time. the controls and double standards that are in place are extensive. so why do i still feel conflicted about leaving? i guess i need an extra push.
my mom noticed and she started screaming at him, and they start having a heated argument. i was not that old at the time, so i didn t have a cell phone. my mom had one though and it was sitting on the table. e had his in his back pocket and was a little away from me, so i ran and grabbed my mom s phone. i turned my back to him, and tried to dial 911, but before i could e grabbed the phone out of my hand, and put it in his other back pocket.
i can't go anywhere without and inhaler and i tested positive for asthma even though i've never had an issue before all this happened. i'm on busphar, celexa, and atomoxetine and i've been on them longer than the hallucinations and such. i don't know what to do. i feel like i should go to get psychiatric help but now that i'm in college and only working part time i'm scared of not being able to pay the doctor bills. i don't know what to do.
he has since gained back about three pounds, but he is still a far shot from what he used to be. he's going into the procedure tomorrow. the total cost is 1150 dollars, and to be honest, i'm a poor college student. the procedure will be put on a credit card, and i probably won't be paying it off for a long time. blackie has been my cat for the last ten years, and without this treatment there is a good chance he will not make it past summer.
it is thus counterproductive to do so, when i could just go to work. i am trying to get a better job. trust me, i am trying. the issue is that i have a huge gap in my employment history where i was more or less spending every single day giving my grandmother 3 insulin shots a day, cooking 2 meals for her, cleaning her apartment and running her to and from doctor's appointments and to the hospital. that was a full time job in and of itself.
chronic stress can leave one feeling drained, both emotionally and physically. the constant burden of worry and pressure can lead to a sense of overwhelm, causing feelings of sadness, hopelessness, and even anxiety or depression. the weight of stress on the mind and body can be suffocating, making even the simplest of tasks seem insurmountable. over time, these emotional tolls can take a significant impact on overall health and well being.
i thought they d give me another date to come back or put me on probation but that did not happen. they told me i wouldn t be allowed back to my house until my court date in a month. and even that is certain. well i found a friend that i can stay with for another 2 days but after that i m unsure of what to do. i m currently unemployed don t even have a license, there s literally no one i can stay with my parents are refusing to talk to me.
ask a local representative for help? what are some steps i can take that i haven't yet? i'm scared, and so .... almost annoyed of dealing with this, he was served a protective order way back in october 2017. also...how has he repeatedly had so much success with the police? it honestly baffles me, which is why i wonder whether he's paying them off he told me he'd done this while we were together, although that could've been a fear tactic .
i am so scared to go up to 10mg because i want to still be able to lose weight. my doc has suggested prozac because it has had more success with weight loss than weight gain with majority of people. i just don't know what i want to do. i thought i was going to be able to get off meds but these physical symptoms which set off my hypocondria are coming back in full swing. even though i know it's anxiety, i can't break the loop of thoughts.
im positive the 2 panic attacks and the following brain fog is anxiety based because like i said i've had mild anxiety in the past and i don't think i have any other issues. anyways i was wondering if its normal to feel spaced out and a little slow tired a few days panic attacks. i haven't touched weed since but i still feel spaced out. any insight would be appreciated. i also noticed when i don't focus on my worry i feel a little better
imagine carrying an invisible backpack filled with the weight of expectations, deadlines, and personal insecurities, day after day. you may feel isolated and powerless, but know you are not alone. the burden can be overwhelming and leave you feeling anxious, uncertain, and drained. emotionalweight constantstress invisibleburden anxiety overwhelm uncertainty drained empathy compassion selfcare mentalhealthawareness mindfulness resilience.
i loved her and i was completely broken. in july of 2016 i went out to a gaming hall bar that my friend's family owns. i remember pushing on the doors to start making my way back home and then waking up in the hospital. i was told that i had suffered a traumatic brain injury tbi , facial fractures, a ruptured right ear drum and a cerebrospinal fluid leak. i spent one week in the hospital before i discharged myself against medical advice.
i listen to him when he s having a bad day and thinking about what i did to him. i listen and try to say silent when he yells and screams at me. i take his insults in stride, as best as i can, because i feel like i deserve it. he tells me that he has no respect for me and i am nothing but a mistake and he tells me that i am trash, i do not deserve anything that i have, and that i am just a waste of his time. he tells me that he hates me.
my boss asked my lead, who is friends with that person about it. my lead came to me and told me that she knows that i spoke to the big boss and they both expressed to me that what i did was the right thing. i dont really trust them to keep this confidential anymore. im worried ill gain the tattletale reputation, and people will be a little more rude than they have been. how can i feel less anxious and more positive about this situation?
tomorrow afternoon my four children and i are leaving my husband. after years of emotional neglected, financial control and recently added physical abuse towards my youngest. i'm scared that even after our planning we will be turned away from the refuge and have to use the little amount savings to rent a cabin. i'm scared that i'm making the wrong descion. even though my 3 older children have developed mental illness over the past year.
i am afraid that she will sell the house because of this and i'm not sure what the future holds for my family. because i made some very bad decisions in the past, my credit is horrible. i have tried to get a loan and it's just not happening. i have no car no money to get a car, let alone make payments and payday loans are not offered in az. every online loan option, although bad, seems like a better fate than losing my home of 12 years.
this isn t so much a cry for help but i just want to rant about all my problems somewhere and this seems like the place. i ve had anxiety for a few years now but this year i m full on depressed. i ve considered running away so many fucking time but i always feel bad for those i m trying to leave. i ve never self harmed thankfully but i m always bummed out and paranoid. college is surprisingly the only thing that doesn t make me anxious.
if i ask her anything about her life or about my uncle who she lives with 66 stroke survivor , she answers vaguely he s fine or ask him yourself . the unappreciative part come from the fact that when she asks me to do something and i have to say no, or if i imply a no, she gets completely mad at me. she ll go but i love you and do stuff for you. your daddy would be disappointed in you. fine, then, i ll never ask for anything ever again.
hi guys, i have ptsd that came from a suicide related incident. i'm not ready to talk about what happened, but it was pretty recent so even the small things are triggering. this timing couldn't possibly be worse, 13 reasons why is gaining popularity incredibly quickly and the ads are popping up everywhere. i'm getting help, but these things take time and i can't just quit the internet. is there any way i block that specific type of ad?
he's in a group of people. the problem is that because of what happened to me police brutality stalking the general public think the police are the good guys and are not understanding when i give them explain that's not always the case. my doctor was almost treating my fear of police as a phobia instead of what it truly is... ptsd! this is my first post here. i appreciate any insight or experience y'all may have with seeking treatment.
i feel as though i am constantly living on borrowed time, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks and expectations, with no end in sight. my mind never seems to find rest it races on and on, churning out worry and anxiety, leaving me completely drained and unable to cope with even the simplest of demands. it's a never ending cycle, and i don't know if i can keep going like this. a person dealing with stress and mental exhaustion.
my tourist visa ends november. part of me wants to wait shit out until my green card gets here and then leave him. the other part of me wants to walk to my nearest lawyer so that i can hand him divorce papers, and demand money to send me and my dog back home. he said if i am wanting to go home, i should pay him back from my credit card the 2000 for immigration paperwork and 600 lump sum crossfit membership he paid for me. what to do...
if you are triggered stop reading but the word is schizophrenia. just thinking about it freaks me out atm. i keep thinking i will go crazy.... i imagine myself in a mental hospital having panic attacks 24 7 a hellish torture... oh god.... this is because i've always has extreme fear of afterlife and existence, its just so bizarre i've explored every single freaking theory religion whatever thats how much i was obsessed with it before.
so i've been taking zoloft for several months and it has been working well for anxiety depression but i'm having some problems with it. the biggest problem is that my mind feels blank a majority of the time. when conversing with other people sometimes i feel as if i have nothing to say. i feel as if i am less witty, and also less creative. i've backed down my dosage from 100mg to 50mg with some success as i don't feel as 'spaced out'.
i feel like i just keep digging a hole for myself, and its my fault i'm in there. with work i get emails about updates to projects and i usually these days don't reply, and submit what i have worked on minutes prior to my meetings. which always results in a pissed off boss really. then i feel even worse and my ocd comes back telling me that i'm a horrible person and everyone hates me. its a weird tick, i don't know how to describe it.
i would like to have a relationship with his parents in the very least and let them actually get to know me, but he really doesn't want to introduce me to them. it's important for me to develop a relationship with my so's family, especially if we intend on being long term. i don't see how we can continue our relationship like this. my question is, what can i do to improve the situation? what conversations do i need to have with my bf?
how might they reframe their thoughts? feeling completely consumed by a never ending to do list and battling the weight of mounting responsibilities, i find myself trapped in a cycle of stress and self criticism, wishing for a reprieve. in the face of seemingly insurmountable pressures, i recognize the need to shift perspective, focus on progress rather than perfection, and prioritize self care to regain control and reclaim my peace.
we ve been together for two and half years but went through a rough patch not too long ago because i shipped off to basic. but now that i m back we were good but now her depression, anxiety and suicidal tendencies are pushing me away. i m trying my best to support her but it s so hard because i m just her boyfriend? not her shrink or doctor. idk what to do anymore because i try my best to help her but she doesn t really care anymore.
so now they are querying whether he has a traumatic brain injury suffered a year before we got together and that now he has progressing brain damage. at this point my nurse self kicks in, i can't not help someone in that situation. i feel sorry for him i don't want him to be hurt or alone. but i also want to hate him and leave. so my incredibly long winded question to you is this if he has brain damage is this an excuse or a reason?
i have this feeling of dread about school right before i go to bed and i wake up with an upset stomach which lasts all day and nakes me feel like i'll throw up. this causes me to lose appetite and not wanting to drink water for fear of throwing up. i'm not sure where else to go with this, but i need help. if any of you have this, can you tell me how you deal with it? i'm tired of having this every day and feeling like i'll throw up.
would you be stressed? just bought a house. had 60k cash a few months ago, 17k now after closing and a new ac install. business is slower than i'd like. i'm self employed. have a toddler, 16 months old. have 30k in credit limit to fall back on if things go that far. wife is now looking for a work from home job. i can't wake up without anxiety to do do do. fear it's not going to be enough and we'll lose the house. i hate making money
i am constantly freaking out and unable to see friends that don't know about my diagnosis or make the friends that do feel very uncomfortable. i feel guilty because i feel as if i brought this all on myself because if i hadn't of taunted my father he would not have attacked me. i know rationally this is not true but i cannot shake the feeling. has anyone else experienced this and is willing to give advice. the guilt is eating me up.
no stress stress is present in everyone's life. this is unavoidable. what we can change is how we deal with it. and sometimes, all we need is to know how to relieve stress quickly, before it does damage to us or our loved ones. so, simple and quick ways for you to relieve your stress. they are suitable for any situation whether at work, in studies, at home, in a day to day situation or in something more punctual. good reading! chat
use language, tone and syntax appropriate for someone who s trying to juggle multiple responsibilities while feeling the strain. swirling vortex of obligations whips me into a frenzy. deadlines loom as tasks multiply, like a clown car collision of obligations. each duty demands attention, yet moments slip through my fingertips as sand sings its relentless tune. barely surviving on borrowed time, i long for tranquility amidst chaos.
person i can't take this anymore. every day feels like a never ending cycle of work, obligations, and responsibilities. i can't seem to catch a break and all i want is a moment of peace, to recharge and refocus. but even when i try to take time for myself, i'm overwhelmed with the guilt of not being productive enough. i just want to feel like myself again, but it feels like i'm drowning in this sea of stress and mental exhaustion.
i feel like my mind is a balloon, stretched thin and about to burst. the endless obligations, tasks, and commitments are taking a toll on me. i can barely focus on anything for more than a few minutes at a time. i'm not sure how much longer i can keep up this pace. i need a break, but even the thought of taking time for myself fills me with guilt. how can i prioritize self care when there are so many things demanding my attention?
i skip eating when stressed so i ve been stressed out a lot the past two months almost with school and family bullshit, finals and anything else. so when i get stressed i just don t get hungry i tend to skip meals, or when i m really busy i just forget to eat. but now i m starting to see the effects of it on my health, i can t afford that much food to begin with so i m used to skipping meals, but now i have to make myself eat more
my friend made a comment that really embarrassed me because, up until that point, i hadn't realized how unusual it probably appeared. since then, i've been more conscious of myself doing this and, while it feels like a shameful secret, i continue to do it. i know i never did this before, so i'm wondering if it has anything to do with what happened to me. has anyone else experienced anything like this? i feel like i'm the only one.
neurologist says im under severe stress but i dont feel like it. i 20 f keep getting diagnosed with severe depression anxiety and told that stress is the cause for many of my medical conditions thyroid high bp but i simply cannot feel it. i am not denying that i have a pretty stressful life abusive father money issues but to me it just feels like the norm. im wondering how i can manage the stress when im unable to even detect it.
i'm not sure why i'm making this post, really. i guess i'm afraid. is houston safe to be homeless in, compared to other cities? i'm 5'10 and about 150 lbs, so i don't think anyone would mess with me, but...i have seen some of the homeless people here and i really hope i don't offend anyone, but they look crazy i'm sure it's very rough for men, also, but being a 22 year old homeless woman is a terrifying thought. where do i sleep?
i don't want to feel like a burden to anyone anymore and to myself so the feeling of wanting to die didn't go away. i don't know how to deal with myself or with other people since i feel like i should just get over it and continue with my life but i can't and i'm 22. am i exaggerating? am i just so weak that i can't deal with what happened to me that i can't normal ly continue with my life? i was a good student and a good friend.
not being able to let go of the fact that i let this go on for so long, and even the fact that in my heart i still care and want him. in my mind i think if only or what if but i know those are facades. i know he will never be real, open or honest about who he is or what he did. i have to forgive myself for letting this take over my life, my heart, my emotions. i have to forgive myself for not listening to my gut and my intuition.
needless to say that is all a lie from him, he is here from dss social services just like i am. what i am worried about is my safety and security. this guy is obviously mentally ill and a drug addict and alchie, and now i am really concerned that he will do something to me because i stood up to him and his nonsense bullshit. how should i proceed....call social services and turn him in? or call the police next time he harasses me?
i feel like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders. everyday tasks feel insurmountable, and i can't seem to find the energy or focus to accomplish even the simplest things. i worry about how long i can keep going like this, and the thought of asking for help or taking a break scares me. i wish i could just turn off my brain and get some peace and clarity, but it feels like an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
he goes in the bedroom and we only have one car so he has to take me to work. he is just sitting on the bed and i have to be at work in literally 16 minutes i live close to my work . i said come on you're going to make me late and he said well find the fucking car keys. so i started looking then he found them. then honestly he was just going on and on and yelling at me and i tuned out what he was saying so i don't even remember.
i feel like i'm hitched to a merry go round of responsibilities, deadlines, and obligations, and i can't seem to find a way to step off. no matter how many tasks i complete or hours i work, there's always something more to tackle. it's all consuming, and i fear i'm losing sight of who i truly am and what brings me joy. i crave a break from the constant pressure and demand, a chance to rest, recharge, and regain my sense of self.
i don't want to feel like a burden to anyone anymore and to myself so the feeling of wanting to die didn't go away. i don't know how to deal with myself or with other people since i feel like i should just get over it and continue with my life but i can't and i'm 22. am i exaggerating? am i just so weak that i can't deal with what happened to me that i can't normally continue with my life? i was a good student and a good friend.
this is the first time that i'm opening up about this, so please be kind. i'm from india stereotypically known as the land of doctors and engineers. and while that's just a stereotype, my studies give me anxiety. i had my first attack two years ago and i have been talking to people since then but my recent graduation exams have left me worse then ever. what i want to know is, when was your first attack and how are you doing now?
i actually give an assistant half my emergency fee to come help me sometimes. i feel unsafe driving to house calls in the middle of the night by myself. i frequently bring my husband along as a makeshift tech or when i feel unsafe, which is obviously unfair to him. unhappy husband my husband is miserable both with his 60 minute commute and with our isolation out here in the country. we feel like we have no social life out here.
he constantly threaten to take our son and i ll never see him again. last night, i started a journal less about the abuse and more about my feelings on a day to day basis. this morning he hide my meds from me, after an hour i woke him and asked where they were. he cussed me out and told me he not to talk to him until 1pm. last night, he forced me into our son s room and as i was trying to escape he slapped my wrist in the door.
i have been reluctant to start one of these as i am really ashamed to ask for help. one of my dear friends suggested i do this as i really do not have anywhere else to ask for assistance right now. i am at a high risk for homelessness. landlord now wants me out unless i can come up with 800 in the next couple of days. i also was recently kicked off of food stamps lately for no apparent reason and i am working to get that fixed.
i can't keep up with this pace, i feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities and expectations. i need a break, but i don't know how to make time for one. the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, and i'm tired of carrying it all alone. i wonder if anyone really cares about me, or if i'm just a burden to them. i just need a moment of peace, a moment to breathe and collect my thoughts before i fall apart completely.
how do you manage your stress even when you can t tell if you re stressed or not? i learned not too long ago that you may be stressed even when you don t feel stressed. i feel like stress is a constant for me. i can t relax without feeling lazy antsy and can t work without feeling fatigued overworked. i don t know how to decompress when there s always some work that can be done homework, chores, etc. and deadlines approaching.
i especially appreciate stories of similar experiences and such. i hope everyone's have a nice day. tl dr i ended up with anxiety due to relationship and health anxiety and now i can't stop thinking about how i might some terminal illness cancer just because i feel some weird tingling or pain in an area i didn't before. or even a cough can freak me out a little. if you also used to suffer from this how do did you deal with it?
almost impossible to remember something happened in past on conversation. hard to remember names of people or what happened in film and names from there. can t recall nothing from my childhood there is only some common memories. i literally have worse memory than my grandmother she can remember thing when she was small i can t. closing both eyes tightly like url causing feeling like shaking, vibration, electricity behind eyes.
at the same time, i ve been going crazy because if i m not thinking about something else i m thinking about him and various kink related acts. this isn t anything i ve actually experienced before hell, i still don t get attraction , so i m confused. my issue is, he s going back overseas for uni in a couple of days, and we ll be seeing each other in our larger group tomorrow. should i bring something up? should i just leave it?
my life has spiralled into a area i m not sure i can survive in much longer. everyone who was close to me have seemingly all decided to just pretend i don t exist right as i start my third year of uni. my anxiety levels are usually pretty high this time of year but this last month has been the worst of my life for my emotional well being. i m trying so hard but i m suffering, and the meds don t seem to be helping what do i do
i'm just overwhelmed, really don't want to give up on myself but my spirit has been broken more than once and i can't ever seem to get to the m ight at the end of the tunnel. if anything, thanks for reading, hopefully in the near future i can update this with some good news. if not i wish anyone in a similar situation that sees this the best of luck. sometimes you get dealt a hand you literally cannot play. i am living proof.
can anyone relate to this feeling? i can t enjoy myself at things like concerts anymore. i m not fully present because i have to try so hard to curb feelings of anxiety and hyper vigilance. when anyone gets too close to me or accidentally touches me i freak out. tonight i went to a concert and i was so self conscious and distracted by the fear that i was going to be assaulted that it was difficult to focus on the actual show.
she told me she had one more person to interview and that she would get back to me by monday. i shook her hand and rushed out the store to another place and went to their restroom. i ruined my hair, i popped a little of my collar and unbuttoned some of my dress shirts. i added some water stains and even took advantage of a partially full cup of soda in one of the stalls. i spilled it on the rims of my shirt but not entirely.
when it's abuse in the workplace, it seems like everyone just says, oh, get over it, and don't be a baby. there's nothing wrong with you. i actually had one women tell me that my husband's behavior was 'completely normal ' and that 'everyone acts like that' i was floored. i don't know one other person who goes through shit like this at work or who acts like that wtf? . they just want to brush it off, and no one gives a shit.
for some reason the niece decided to call us and basically tattle on the ex for how she was living drugs etc..... we kinda already know her situation. we have custody so it's not a huge deal. well, he invited the niece we will call her carla and her bf to our home for a bbq. well, they never left, i don't even understand how it happened but it did . well, after major issues with the bf we finally were able to get rid of him.
i'm finding myself completely drained, struggling to focus, and feeling overwhelmed by the mounting responsibilities and obligations in my life. the constant pressure to perform and excel is taking a heavy toll on my mental and emotional well being. it feels as if i'm treading water and barely keeping my head above the surface. i long for a moment of peace and respite, but it seems elusive amidst the clamor of daily demands.
the weight of the world presses down upon my shoulders, a boulder too heavy to bear. my thoughts race uncontrollably, fueled by anxiety and worry. time seemingly stands still as my body aches with tension. i yearn for respite, a moment of peace, but fear grips me, fear of the unknown, fear of the consequences, fear of failure. it's a cyclical prison of stress, consuming my every waking moment, robbing me of joy and vitality.
when it's abuse in the workplace, it seems like everyone just says, oh, get over it, and don't be a baby. there's nothing wrong with you. i actually had one women tell me that my husband's behavior was 'completely normal' and that 'everyone acts like that' i was floored. i don't know one other person who goes through shit like this at work or who acts like that wtf? . they just want to brush it off, and no one gives a shit.
i'm feeling like a broken record, my thoughts, my energy constantly drowned in the same old monotonous stress. my worries dance on a loop, consuming the essence of who i am, reducing me to a hollow, worn out shell, devoid of purpose and passion. my dreams are fading, smothered by relentless fatigue and endless demands, the vibrancy of my spirit fading, leaving behind an echo of what once was, a faint echo of who i truly am.
i got as far as illinois when he ghosted me after urging me to leave in the first place. i've been going between three different friends who know i'm homeless but think i'm 19. i want to go to school, get a job to buy my own stuff, and get on with my life. i don't think my mom is looking for me, but i still need her signature to go to school. i don't want my new friends to get arrested for harboring a runaway youth as well.
i grew up believing that everything bad that happened was my fault. i have tried so hard to make something of my life after that hell, but now that everything feels like falling apart again i feel like i am breaking. this must mean that i am truly worthless and a waste of life. i feel like i'm not even allowed to feel like this, because i deserve this hard life. has anyone experienced horrible burn out because of ptsd ocd?
we're running out of things like dog food,toilet paper, feminine products and whatnot. workers comp didn't send me my check this month, so i'm not able to afford the things we need and that is why i'm asking assistance. if anyone could help me with a small loan of 50 , we'd greatly appreciate it. i'm not sure when i could pay you back fully, but i could pay something back each month if that's okay. thank you for your time!
i am not sad, i am not depressed, i am still a very happy and optimistic person with a great life, good friends, family, job, all that. but i am struggling to manage this anxiety because it spills into life. i don't have thoughts i obsess over, i don't worry about anything really. it's just the stress i have been through set up my body for this crap response. besides relaxation, meditation and such, what can you recommend?
remember that a personal reflection allows the writer to reveal their feelings, thoughts and or motivations in a brief, honest and introspective way. i m feeling the weight of endless responsibilities crushing down on me, drowning in a sea of obligations, my mind swirling in a cyclone of worry and stress. i crave the simplicity of a calm moment, a breath of relief, but the demands on my time and energy seem insurmountable.
i just feel so naked and unprotected. will this be any different with the therapist? after all i don't even know if i want to go to this therapy session, i'm so confused about myself it's unbelievable. has anyone of you guys ever experienced this self confusion before and can help me finding myself again? the appointment has not even yet been made and i'm already freakin' out about it, i feel kinda like an idiot right now.
i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibility and expectations. every day brings new demands and obligations, leaving me little time for self care or reflection. my mind is a whirlpool of anxiety and worry, and i can't seem to find the calm in the chaos. i fear that i'm losing myself in the grind, and the weight of it all is becoming unbearable. how can i find balance and peace in the midst of this relentless cycle?
this month and last have been very touch and go. i have sold everything under the sun to keep my home but i am probably not going to make it. it's to the point i have sat and weighed the pros and cons of suicide please don't talk about this subject. but i've used up every single resource and realized i don't really know many people in the city i'm in. i don't have much of family any where close and none i could live with.
it would take until my mid twenties before i stopped letting people hurt me. but the trauma remains. i've become a successful professional, happily married, with a home and pets no children, i'll never have children after what i survived . i've been out of therapy for almost 10 years but my coping mechanisms have been failing. i'm having breakdown after breakdown after the slightest trigger and there are so many triggers!
? to me is heartbreaking to know that the most i can achieve is to keep defending myself, but not getting to be loved, accepted and cared. i know that somatic therapies may somehow help me to develop discernment, but that is not what i'm looking for. i'm looking for ways to attract healthy people. please no victim blaminish phrases like the love yourself first motto, i already love myself wildly hard please no tough love.
i can't stop feeling miserable. it's not even because my ex is going crazy, because he's once again proven i don't get to control my own life. i can't let go of the prosecutor telling me i only hear what i want. i don't even know what he was referring to, but it has to be true because i honestly don't remember agreeing to dismiss he case. i'm guess i'm not doing as well as i thought, and i must be as crazy as i now feel.
my youngest who was 6 at the time had what seemed to be a bladder infection or uti urinary tract infection . she was literally peeing every five minutes. since the doctors office was closed, i took her to the emergency room. little did i know, my entire world was about to come crashing down. the nurses got us back to a room and once they were done checking her out and had her urine to test, we had to wait for the doctor.
how might self care help them, and what self care practices could they consider? feeling the weight of numerous responsibilities, i am on the verge of burnout. self care can help me replenish my energy, enabling me to face challenges with renewed vigor. i may practice deep breathing exercises, take relaxing baths, enjoy a good book, or engage in a creative hobby, like painting or gardening, to restore balance in my life.
they told me i wouldn t be allowed back to my house until my court date in a month. and even that is certain. well i found a friend that i can stay with for another 2 days but after that i m unsure of what to do. i m currently unemployed don t even have a license, there s literally no one i can stay with my parents are refusing to talk to me. i m genuinely not sure what to do with myself but i m scared and feel so alone.
i don't know what to do anymore my mom throw out my things and i have a lot to do next week in school. i have a lot to submit and homeworks. i need to do a research paper, movie review, physics assignment, performance task, thesis defense and she just throws out my things. threatens me to leave the house. don't stay in the house. don't eat. basically don't live as well. or just go to my friends house. i don't have those.
person sighing deeply i can't take this anymore. my mind is constantly racing, i can't focus, i'm forgetting things, and my body feels like it's constantly on alert. i'm so drained and i don't know how to make it stop. it feels like i'm drowning in my own thoughts and i can't seem to catch a break. how do people cope with this level of stress and mental exhaustion day after day? i don't think i can keep going like this.
i am already accountable to my family, boyfriend, pets, co workers, etc and now i have to be accountable to these ppl i couldn t give two shits about and they are counting on me and i hate the pressure so much. i m doing that awful thing where you just avoid avoid avoid. had to get this off my chest. i feel like i m going to vomit and i have gurgles butterflies in my belly and i ve had the anxiety runs all morning. ugh.
i legitimately do not know anyone who has survived this, and i feel like i'm not even human any more. as i type this, i'm sobbing, because it's all just so fucking truly disheartening. i used to be a person. i feel like a ghost now. are there any steps i can take at all whatsoever to start my turn back into normal cy, or am i trapped inside of this until i either die or claw my way out of whatever hole i've fallen into?
person sighs deeply i can't keep going like this. the pressure is mounting and i feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities. my mind is always racing, i can't focus, and the simplest tasks feel insurmountable. i'm exhaustion both physically and mentally. it's like i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and i don't know how to break free. i just want to find some peace and clarity, but i don't know where to begin.
i assumed she would answer the question, or she would explore my feelings of inadequacy, or she would interpret the transference. but her response instead was the title i am not getting into this with you . she then went on with how she did like me, thought i was an interesting and nice person. but i do not believe that, it is too unlikely. besides, as an addendum to her refusal to speak to my question, it seemed false.
hello i am having a massive anxiety attack over feeling nauseated. i hate the stomach flu it's a phobia of mine. even meds don't take my anxiety away completely and they don't even help a lot honestly celexa is just the only medication where i don't get side effects and sometimes not even my clognezapan kicks in when i'm having panic attacks. i am at work and i cannot focus at all. i'm so scared i hate nausea i hate it.
person ugh, another day of endless responsibilities and expectations, and i'm already running on empty. i can't keep up, and i don't know how much longer i can bear this burden. it feels like a heavy, never ending cloud that follows me everywhere, clouding my judgement, and sapping my energy. i wish there was a way to escape from all of this, to find some peace, and to rest my mind and body before i completely burn out.
he knows i can't work because of my anxiety problems and he knows i rely on him. he's told me before no one else will take care of me like he does, no one else will put up with me. i'm scared to go back because i don't want to get back together with him and i know if he wants to we will. the reason i went to my grandma's house is because a couple days before i left he got drunk. he started saying horrible things to me.
i legitimately do not know anyone who has survived this, and i feel like i'm not even human any more. as i type this, i'm sobbing, because it's all just so fucking truly disheartening. i used to be a person. i feel like a ghost now. are there any steps i can take at all whatsoever to start my turn back into normalcy, or am i trapped inside of this until i either die or claw my way out of whatever hole i've fallen into?
this is something i'm working on figuring out for myself . option 2 we each move after we each get a job in city a. drawbacks 1 one of us will be left at our current job for a while with our boss and coworkers knowing the other is likely to leave soon after. i'm not sure if this is an inadvisable situation. 2 bf will likely find a job first, as he has a few more years experience than me plus some management experience.
this can be based on personal experiences, fictional, or a combination of both. feeling my anxiety bubble up as i juggle deadlines at work and my parents' health concerns at home, i realize that the burden is too heavy to bear alone. the cliched saying, it takes a village to raise a child, seems truer now than ever. i yearn for support and an outlet to lighten the load, to find some semblance of calm amidst the chaos.
during my break at work today, a little over two hours ago, i was enjoying a cup of grape juice. at one moment i started drinking it too fast, and choked and coughed for a few moments. then i was constantly burping and had the taste of grape juice in my mouth for the next hour after that. lol. but thanks to my anxiety, i have managed to convince myself juice got in my lungs and i'm gonna get dry secondary drowning ...
they are very sweet and welcoming to me, but i feel so overwhelmed with everything. i feel as though i gave up my independence to come here, which is fine, but i'm having a really hard time adjusting to everything being handed to me when i've had to provide for myself for so long. i told my boyfriend that i need supplies for the week and he responded with ask my mom . i couldn't wrap my mind around that. i still cant.
i just posted my whole story url but it's literally too long for anyone to actually read. i mainly want to know if this would be considered rape most recent abuse i worked 7 days in a row and finally had one night off on a friday. i expressed i wanted to spend it with him, but since i went out the night before he was determined to go out with his friends that night. i guess that also comes with ignoring me all night.
she does dissociate and is on all kinds of psychiatric meds. one day she loves me the next day she hates me. i really don't know what to do, i moved down south to be with her and so i have no friends or family here. she suffers from agoraphobia so we never leave the house. its also her place so im scarred she is going to kick me out, she has used that against me in the past, it makes me feel very vunrable and scared.
my story i m a junior in high school and am constantly stressed about sports. i want to do so well in cross country and track that i take it super seriously. lately i have been really loopy in the head and have had headaches. if this keeps going on idk what i m gonna do. i ve looked into it and have found high blood pressure to be a possibility, but i have good eating habits. just wanted to talk about it, thanks guys
he said that i should have ptsd because the reason i was wrestling my dad for the gun is because im a sick bastard who wanted to kill him and the rest of my family. i don't know why i made this post. i don't know if i even really got out what i wanted to say. i just feel so alone. its been almost a year since that day but even today , my family some how twisted my actions into thinking im some sort of failed murderer
massive chronic distres psychomedical treatment hi, i'm diagnosed with massive chronic distress. i perceive it to be the primary cause of my problems. for example, chronic distress leads to an inability to concentrate, which leads to poor work performance, which leads to anxiety, etc. amp x200b unable to address this without medication, i wanted to ask if there is a psychomedical treatment that targets this problem.
at some point they laughed and i had to leave because i got physically sick to my stomach. i guess i didn't realize how much they had screwed me up. now i feel like shit though because the acquaintance is a nice person and i want to be friends with them. we were all planning a dnd game together over text for a while and i just want to be able to talk to them without thinking about my ex. any solutions or help ideas?
he causes emotional pain to me every day but i cannot get myself to leave him. he physically abuses me sometimes but it rarely leaves a mark or bruise. i feel like even if he cheats on me again i still won t want to leave him. the only way i think i will leave him forever is if i end up hating him. and the only way i will hate him is if he caused physical harm that i cannot lie my way out of like i have in the past.
i tried to tell her what i was changing and why, but she just shrugged it off and started to fall asleep. it really bothered me because i was genuinely trying to help her. overall, i am really conflicted about this whole ordeal. when we tell her things she doesn't understand or want to hear when it comes to jobs, she blows up on us. we have both had multiple jobs and written many drafts of resumes and cover letters.
it's not a black nd white situation, i panicked, argued and a bunch over this with them, admittedly not helping my case, but i'm over that. i want help for my issues. enough sobbing, i sometimes feel so hopeless, but i need to remember that while i am down, i am not out. employment, temporary housing, even just basic street smarts, i'd like to know how to cope with this situation. what to do, first 100 days and all.
sure it was almost 3 years ago in july two months into my first job out of university. i got bit in the leg and continued on like it was nothing. i only fell apart october 2016. i must have been living in survival mode until i got the call that the man who saved my life was getting recognized with a bravery award. hearing those words, i literally felt my chest rip open and haven't been able to close the wound since.
thought i feel like i'm drowning in an ocean of responsibilities, expectations, and never ending to do lists. i can't catch a break, and every day seems longer than the one before. it's hard to focus and be productive when my mind is consumed by the weight of the world. i just wish i could escape the pressures and find some peace and serenity. but where can i even begin to find that in this hectic and chaotic life?
extreme stress aches, pains, sharp discomforts, chest pains, palpatations, anxiety, sore muscles, head filled with stress, body just defeated. i'm so bad off right now. i just started a new job which i am sure is contributing to stress levels. the job will give me insurance starting next month so i can't even see a doctor yet. i am hurting so bad. does anyone have any advice at all. i am just so defeated right now.
i have almost constant health anxiety. it's a mixture of agoraphobia and health anxiety. i'm afraid of having some incurable disease or suddenly stopping breathing... i've been kinda iffy the past few days, just tired from lack of sleep, and i usually feel like shit after my period which triggers my anxiety. well anyway i went out to meet my mom for some food and the first thing she says to me is wow are you okay?
i can't stay standing, or even sitting for extended periods of time without severe consequences to my neck, and my head. and more recently have been experiencing heart trouble. i'm getting some doctors to look at me but they haven't found anything yet. i've literally been going with no money or insurance and bills are piling up. since i cannot commit to any continuous work, i'm finding it impossible to make money.
strangely enough, i had buried all this. but when my parents also failed to realise that my sister was on meth and neglecting her children, who are very dear to me, it sort of doubled the trauma and now i have full blown trauma. i feel like my parents just aren't trustworthy. how can they live in such an oblivious bubble? i wouldn't put any faith in them to protect me now and feel that i'm in this world on my own.
i'm afraid that maybe they aren't true and i'm demonizing him in my memory because having a villain that did horrible things to me is just easier to digest than the complicated truth. the worst thing is, i can't bring myself to talk to anybody. i always felt like i wasn't bad enough to need a doctor. i felt like i could get through it on my own. even now, its hard for me to open up to my fiance about these things.
is this the way our state agencies treat the elderly and disabled? obviously so, because they're doing to me!!! and to others. i have brought this up no less than 4 times to my case worker name removed from adult protective services and she just ignores it and keeps telling me she will look into it and does nothing about it. i am now starting to breakout in skin rashes due to having to wear filthy dirty clothing.
where do i go with this kind of shit? i'm not violent or suicidal, so the hospital is a no go. but i don't really know where you seek help outside the er. i dunno the process, how you set up organized appointments, how you pay got insurance however , don't know any of it all i know is the shit i've seen really affects me to the point where i have a home and a job yet still feel so disconnected from normal society
where do i go with this kind of shit? i'm not violent or suicidal, so the hospital is a no go. but i don't really know where you seek help outside the er. i dunno the process, how you set up organized appointments, how you pay got insurance however , don't know any of it all i know is the shit i've seen really affects me to the point where i have a home and a job yet still feel so disconnected from normal society
is this stress or mental health issues? hi i am always nervous, i don't know how to describe like having butterflies on the stomach all the time and always on alert state. i keep making mistakes because of the alert state, after i make a simple mistake i get angry about myself and feel guilty, i cannot find a safe place to feel at peace even at home, my brain cannot stop thinking. how can i handle this? thank you
new ebook stress management get the inside story my new ebook about personal stress management, the resist method how to be stress resilient in just 7 days. if you want to know more, click this link. https melchopasikatan.samcart.com products the resist method how to be stress resilient in just 7 daysdcxz1 https melchopasikatan.samcart.com products the resist method how to be stress resilient in just 7 daysdcxz1
her parents didn't know about me at this point. i kept this bottled in for a long time, but exploded and was ready to break up with her over it but she said she would stop being in touch with him. she claims he has mental issues and had threatened numerous times to commit suicide. if i take her at her word, there was no sexual contact between them after we started dating. this contributed to me not trusting her.
i suffer from major depression anxiety fibromyalgia and i wrote this as an example of what i feel on an average day so that people who don't have mental illness can understand hollowed out doesn't quite cover the feeling. because inside this shell are millions of raw nerve endings feeling everything that brushes by. everything is so raw. between the mental and physical pain it's incredibly hard to stay grounded.
i wound up in partial hospitalization and diagnosed with ptsd related to several traumas including sexual assault i experienced as a child. i asked for a meeting with all of upper management so that i can start back up at work with clear boundaries for what i won't accept anymore. this will be a good thing in the end, but right now i feel like i'm going to throw up. meeting is in 3 hours. send good vibes please?
person sighing deeply why does everything have to be so complicated? i just want to feel at peace, but my mind won't let me. the more i try to relax, the more my thoughts race and spin out of control. i'm exhausted from the constant demands and pressures. all i want is to find a moment of silence and clarity, but it feels impossible. it's like i'm trapped in my own head, drowning in a sea of stress and anxiety.
describe how meditation, in the context of a personal practice, has helped alleviate their stress and improve focus and concentration. amidst my busy schedule and mounting pressures, i've found solace in my daily meditation practice. as i breathe deeply and clear my mind, i feel a release from stress, allowing me to approach each task with renewed focus and clarity. meditation transforms chaos into tranquility.
i have anxiety ptsd depression and a severe eating disorder, she has severely crippling anxiety she needs meds for that we have to pay out of pocket for. we have until feb on this lease and then we are done with this hell we dont buy anything other tthan necessities but the rents so fucking high we dont even have car insurance anymore bc we cant afford it often i have to work on an empty stomach, days at a time
but i'm literally afraid of him because i feel like every second he's gonna stand behind me again and grunt at me that he changed something or completely rewrite my code. plus, i don't know if maybe he is talking badly about me as well when i'm not there it seems likely . what can i do? tl dr coworker who is supposed to show me the ropes is super grumpy and i find him intimidating, can i do anything about this?
i even pressed chargers against him. unfortunately he still found a way through to me by hooking up with girls that i know and having them make sure i knew about it. nothing has happened since june and i m about to be moving far away from him. i struggle with what he did to me every day and the flashbacks occur still. i don t expect this to ever fully go away but i am 18 now and i can say that i survived this.
i can t keep going like this, i need a break. my mind and body feel drained. i can t focus, i m constantly anxious, and my mood swings are out of control. i need to take some time for myself to recharge, but how do i balance my work responsibilities and personal life? i don t want to let anyone down, but i can t keep pushing myself to the limit. it s a vicious cycle, and i don t know how to break free from it.
these headaches don't go away when they come on from stress. i feel great in the morning. get to work and all the stress from stupidity and absolute zero communication stresses me to the point of migraine level headaches. now i'm laying in a dark room and my head is pounding. ibuprofen does nothing, nor any type of headache painkiller. i escalate these issues and it falls on deaf ears. i need a headache hack.
? what if i am at a friends party and a man whispers in my ear that he likes to stare at me so he can touch himself later....but he is dating my friend and he knows i don t want to upset her?? ? what if i am in the car with a man and some lady cuts him off and he gets road rage and says he wants to drag her out of the car by her hair and cut her nipples off but then later says he obviously didn t mean it ?? ?
they should feel like this reflection is the first step towards taking care of themselves and seeking help. feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders, i acknowledge that my mental and emotional wellbeing is not a luxury, but a necessity. i am taking the first step towards seeking help, prioritizing self care, and allowing myself the grace to accept that i am only human, capable of carrying only so much.
i can't take this anymore, i feel like i'm drowning in a never ending ocean of responsibilities and expectations. the weight of the world seems to be resting on my shoulders, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace. every day feels like a marathon, and i'm running on empty. i need a break, but i don't know how to make that happen. i feel trapped and exhausted, and i'm not sure if i can keep going like this.
but what do i know? i keep reassuring myself that this is normal , and never tell anyone about this i'm surprising one of the top students at a selective high school, but i really want this to end. i'm good at hiding things like this, because i don't want others feeling pity for me for things they didn't cause or can change. tl dr older brother psychologically and physically abuses me and my younger brother.
wakeup by someone who suddenly mad. i wonder how a person reacts at suddenly wake up by get mad and angry for unreasonable things from a person. things that not making sense to be mad about. a narcissistic person that not going to tolerate with whatever you say and do. i wonder how normal human reacts. you just take a little nap. and suddenly your peaceful moments ruined by the person.. like a drunk person..
how can i help my partner? she's not been in college very long, but i can tell she's already way way too stressed and exhausted. all i want is to help her so she's even just a little bit happier i just want to help her. i'm a high school senior, and she's a freshman at a nearby college. i'm scared though, because she's so pissy and stressed and exhausted ever since she started going there. i just wanna help.
does having a constant level of stress negate the effects of physical therapy? i'm currently going to a physio for knee pain, i also have constant muscle tension in my back. i don't sleep well, work early hours of the morning. i don't know, the physio helps a little bit and i do a few things for my back as well but i sort of feel like i may be pushing it uphill as long as i have stress and anxiety. any tips?
i feel like i'm barely keeping my head above water, the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations is overwhelming. my mind and body are screaming for a break, but i can't seem to find the time or energy to give myself the rest i so desperately need. every day is a battle, and sometimes i wonder if it's all worth it. i fear that i'm losing myself in the process, and that scares me more than anything.
i've never spoken to anyone about my anxiety but i'm pretty sure i have generalized anxiety disorder. when i was young i used to be very bright and would take charge of projects and doing assignments. as time went on i became lazier but still fairly on top of things. when i went into college i suffered and things never clicked. doing even the most simple of tasks or assignments were just so difficult for me.
but then i couldn't think straight. now i get flashbacks in school. i used to enjoy quantitative courses but now i get tension headaches from the flashbacks, and feelings of horror and hyperarousal. i just feel so violated and disturbed that it was for fear of his violence that i didn't close the door and that he was watching me! my vagina feels tension too, which i read from a ptsd book is a common symptom.
this could be the beginning of a creative essay, letter, blog entry, or whatever medium fits you best. i wander through each day, my thoughts clouded by an unending rain of responsibilities and expectations. the weight of the world rests heavily on my shoulders, leaving little room for peace or reprieve. amidst the turmoil, i long for the stillness that once allowed me to breathe and revel in life's beauty.
it's horrible. the thing is, my urologist told me that it was just an overactive bladder and gave me some medicine, but it just worked a couple of days when i was totally positive about the medicine. even, after taking the pills i felt great, like in a normal state, but the symptoms are here again. is it possible that the cause could be my sometimes uncontrollable anxiety? have someone had the same problem?
it's horrible. the thing is, my urologist told me that it was just an overactive bladder and gave me some medicine, but it just worked a couple of days when i was totally positive about the medicine. even, after taking the pills i felt great, like in a normal state, but the symptoms are here again. is it possible that the cause could be my sometimes uncontrollable anxiety? have someone had the same problem?
the weight of the world seems to rest on my shoulders, every decision feels like a mountain to climb, and even the simplest tasks feel like a marathon. i long for the days when i was filled with energy, creativity, and resilience. but it's hard to cling to hope when every fiber of my being screams for rest. maybe tomorrow will bring some relief, but until then, i'll keep pushing forward, one step at a time.
new school schedule is making me have panic attacks i gotten my schedule for 12th grade and i nearly shat myself, i have two hours of daycare, meaning i'll be taking care of kids, then i have p.e, government, english and then for the last two hours is work supervision, i literally had a panic attack and started breaking down because that's gonna be a crap ton of homework and stress. i don't know what to do,
and my nightmares are a terrifying mix of intense body horror and trauma flashbacks. so i wake up even more tired and in pain which makes me miserable during the day. so now i'm having my chronic pain flaring up, my other ptsd symptoms kicking my ass, my other mental illnesses acting up, and on top of that i'm too tired from the nightmares to do anything about it. i just can't fucking win. i'm so so tired.
every day feels like a battle, i can barely keep my head above water. the constant pressure to perform, meet deadlines, and maintain relationships is taking a toll on me. i'm barely functioning, and all i want is a break, even just a moment to breathe. it feels like i'm stuck in an endless loop of work and stress, with no escape in sight. how can i keep going like this? the weight of it all is unbearable.
our justice system is not aimed at helping victims. i feel totally violated, put down, and blamed for requesting an extension on an order of protection. which was denied because he is living in another state. even though, he was unable to show, as he s out on bond for assaulting a new woman. judge told me, if he harasses you and violates you again, then you can go back through the process to get an order.
please remember that everyone s experiences are different, but this is my example i struggle daily to balance my personal and professional commitments, and the weight of expectations from both worlds leaves me feeling exhausted and trapped, with little room for self care or reprieve. it s a challenging juggling act, and i fear that eventually, the balls will drop and the consequences will be catastrophic.
i'm 26. tuesday is day one of therapy. day one of me trying to talk about whatever has been going on in my head for the last decade, last 2 decades. i'm terrified to talk but tired of living like this. tired of the nocturnal panic attacks, tired of crying in the shower, tired of not feeling in control of my head, tired of the pointless thought circles that eat me up daily on something that doesn't matter.
i always sound like i m about to cry. i get really hot and sweaty, my hearing starts to go. i had to stop in a presentation one time last semester to say i m sorry if i have pretty bad anxiety so if it looks like i m about to pass out, please catch me which was to keep it light and the class did laugh, but it was also a legitimate concern. does anyone else experience this? is this what social anxiety is?
be sure to include details about how this person is responding physically and emotionally. i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, each with its own deadline. my heart races, my breathing shallow, as deadlines near. worry knots my stomach and my shoulders ache from the weight of unfinished work. i long for a moment's respite, to catch my breath and collect myself before the next wave of obligations crashes down.
does anyone have any advice? i feel pretty hopeless right now. i want desperately to be with my partner, and i suspect even if our relationship ends i will always love and care for him very much. i don't want to spend my life wishing i was with him, but be too overcome with my anxiety and fear to do so. it is discouraging to feel as though my ex boyfriend is still inside my head and controlling my life.
i've been through treatment and had a period of relative health for a stretch. then i had a bunch of new trauma experiences. i'm 5 or so years out from the last experiences and have moved 800 miles away, completely cut off from all former contacts with the exception of one close friend. the move helped for a while, then it hit with vengeance. panic attacks, ruminating, depression, anger, the whole deal.
the personalized trial for stress management is currently recruiting for a virtual, at home personalized trial for stress management do you suffer from stress? are you interested in seeing if common stress interventions can improve your stress levels? click here to learn more about how an at home personalized trial may help https www.personalizedhealth.org stress https www.personalizedhealth.org stress
she resents my relationship with our son my son is a daddy's boy. even now as i type this i hear him out there waiting for me saying daddy daddy daddy. he comes and gives me hugs when i come home and barely notices when my wife is gone or comes home. this is also something she's recently admitted and i feel guilty about it, but i feel like it's because she puts in no effort beyond what she needs to do.
and i really don't know what to do. this isn't nearly the first time he lied and there have also been other things like him being unemployed for 6 months and not looking for a job while his parents pay foe everything and he lives with me . but i get that life can be hard and it sometimes can get you down. but i just feel like my trust is broken over and over and over again. and i don't know what to do.
hi r relationships, i'm hoping you can give me some perspective. i am at a loss on how to handle this situation. i am so sorry at how long this is, but i needed to vent and hopefully one or two kind people will be able to help me process this. i want to provide some background from my side of these events. for the last year, i've been in a high profile, high stress management position with my company.
they are always calling me for everything, i don't even wanna answer my phone, but if i don't i may get yelled at. it has happened. i have spent many days and nights in tears because of the stress of this job, and even one morning, threw a bit of a fit when our dm made me come in because there was another evaluation on my day off. i had to cancel all my plans that day to go in. i couldn't stop myself.
how could i when i felt so unwelcome? idk, i'm sorry, i'm just so sick of carrying on when it's so fucking exhausting just to be told that it's never bloody fucking good enough for anyone. i'm fucking trying so hard. they claim to understand that i have issues i had confided before they abandoned me yet i'm never fucking good enough. i just want to drink a bottle of bleach and be fucking done with it.
frick school idk what to do with it. i like the eventual job, but the hard learning or long time making homework sucks. i wanna be with friends and dont lose them. didnt have the motivation for school and now im stressing about essays i need to make. i just dont want to redo them, because then in the next semester ill need to make them. fuck my life, sometimes i just wish i could chill and do nothing.
but now it seems like contact is gonna be forced on me. about two weeks after the breakup, she reached out to tell me she'd gotten an interview at my company. we both work in a pretty specific industry and there was always some overlap with our jobs. apparently, my company wants to put her company out of business. recruiters have poached a few folks from her work and i guess she was next on the list.
if i hadn t have grabbed my toddlers head and pressed it against mine and ducked it would have hit us both. i was yelled at so much i could see the veins bulging in his neck as he swore at me and called me names. i held my hands over the children s ears so they couldn t hear. but at least he didn t hit me. i was told repeatedly that i would be stabbed in the throat so he didn t need to hear my voice.
i just feel kinda gross because i was giving her fucking college advice and stuff. i'm fucking furious. my clearest memory of my dad in highschool is him ramming my head repeatedly into a wall because i didn't want to pick engineering as a second choice . and now he chooses to support and help this fucking girl through college when i had to do all that on my own? he even skipped out on my graduation!
he said he'd take me to my mothers house if i just smoked a cigarette with him. i did, but he refused to take me still. i continued fighting his hold and he kept saying my name in a gentle voice and telling me to calm down, saying that he loved me and didn't know why i was freaking out, and kept saying, you know you're not going to win. go ahead, tire yourself out. you know you're not going anywhere.
use imagery in your description. amidst the cacophony of life's whirlwind, i feel as though i'm treading water in a relentless sea of responsibility, my mind awash in a turbulent ocean of obligations and responsibilities, drowning in the weight of unmet deadlines and shattered commitments, as looming clouds of doubt and self doubt threaten to burst with the thunderous echo of inevitable consequence.
there's nothing i can say or do that will alleviate her worries. in the past i've tried to solve things but that doesn't help. i've tried just listening and agreeing or offering comments like that does sound bad or i understand but those don't seem to help either. does anyone have advice on what i can do or say to not cause anger or start a fight? i'm at a loss as to what i need to do or be for her.
we lived together so i spent the whole day yesterday packing up my things and crying. i m heartbroken but knowing he s unfaithful makes it easier for me to move on because it s his fault. not mine. i don t know if something i did drove him to find someone else but i know i didn t deserve to get cheated on. anyways, he doesn t know that i found out and i m planning to simply move out without a trace.
it s becoming cyclical for me, where i retreat and revise and then feel like i need to retrigger myself to avoid slipping back into denial that it happened the way it happened. i can t live like this. i don t want to live a lie but sometimes the lie is what keeps me functioning. my therapist is away for a month and this means i have no one to push me to deal with this thing. i don t know what to do.
i know he's never going to be the same, but it's hard seeing him like this. he's become very wreck less, too. he's hanging out with punks who think are big ballers selling xanax and weed, living at there moms apartment. side note his friend was thrown out of a car recently during a drop off at gun point. my brother lashes out when things don't go his way to and just has a nasty attitude at times..
when i take the time to relax and think of something nice like a waterfall or a forest or something like that i then automatically think of how bad people are going to mess it up and pollute and make it worse and just be awful. it makes it hard for me to relax. i try to think of something tranquil and then thoughts like these pop into my head. meditation isn't that nice for me. my mind just races.
the person might say something like, i feel so drained. i can't keep going like this. i need a break, but i don't know how to take one without falling behind. or, i'm so overwhelmed, i can't focus on anything. i just want to sleep, but my mind won't let me. another possibility could be, i'm tired of feeling this way. i need to find a way to manage my stress better, but i don't know where to start.
worse than that develop the same anxiety disorder. again another reason to finish the relationship. i really love her but cannot and will not embarrass her like i did at the wedding. my plan is to go talk to a private physiatrist and see what they think. i don t believe medication is the only answer but if it helps in conjunction with therapy, a healthy lifestyle and meditation then i will try it.
no place in my city has shelter space for us, and i won't put my baby on the literal street. i've been there before. fine for new, but i don't want to have to go through that with a baby . what cities have good shelter programs for homeless mothers and children? i'd love to be able to make some calls and get on a greyhound between the 7th and 16th when i'll likely be able to get the money to go .
but i don t know why i get this feeling. what can i do to stop feeling this way? i want to focus on me and my things without having to think about her and what she s doing all the time, so i can be less distracted and focused on my other priorities. tl dr i want to focus on my priorities in life but i find myself getting wrapped up in my thoughts about what where, and what my girlfriend is doing.
now its personal so it hurts a lot more. there are nightmares where i am murdered, those don't hurt half as much as these. i woke up a few nights ago screaming because of it and i cried like an idiot until i realized it wasn't real. figured i'd rant here instead of breaking my hands on my heavy bag. you guys ever get extremely worried about your partners safety to the point where it triggers you?
i'm curious, does anyone know of any programs that provide temporary housing assistance if you have a job? i'm almost broke right now. i really don't want to live out of my car or the shelter while working. having a comfortable supportive place until i can get my first couple of paychecks would be amazing. i'm worried that my current living situation will ruin my chances to succeed with this job.
and how could you let me do this? although my family and friends will never see this, i'm here to answer the question why? it wasn't as simple as some of my friends may think. i didn't magically wake up one day and think you know what, i think i'll let my abuser walk me down the aisle. it's taken 5 years for me just to sit across from him and have dinner without having a full blown panic attack.
ok here we go.... my original trauma was being molested by my grandfather starting around 7 8 my best guess, only have a few memories, could ve been earlier . i have very few memories of this, although i have gotten some back recently. i don t know how long it continues for but he died when i was 10 12 or so around this time i was also severely bullied in school, my cousin being the ring leader.
i m currently doing emdr for my severe anxiety issues and depression. we re going through past instances that have plagued me and are why my mindset is a negative shithole. i had my anxiety in a certain place, where i felt comfortable. the anxiety was there but i managed it well enough. things were not perfect and there was still a lot of things that needed to change in order for me to progress.
i m trying to make up for it by doing digital drawings of people s pets. i m pretty good at them and it s very fun to do but i can t do them fast enough to keep up with the bills. i tried to pick up shifts at the hospital primary job , but all 8 shifts have been closed due to low census. i m still several hundred short for rent and i don t know what else to do. everything is due sunday july 1st.
i probably havesevere gad. at least i think i do. i need to get help because im avoiding anything i can. school starts again in a few weeks, and im an upcoming sophmore. i want to stop skipping lunch because all of the people in there make me anxious and i cant bring myself to look up i stare at the ground 99 of the time whenever i walk through the halls because i cant stand to make eye contact.
i'm going crazy. now i'm jobless because my attempts to please help her only screwed myself over and now i'm jobless and my mental health issues are coming out. getting jobs is really hard for me due to some ptsd from my parents, but i'm trying my best to push through it and get a job asap. i'm dropping out of school again so i can work on my financials, but in the meantime, i need out!!!!!!! !
those are all the ones i can coherently explain. i've also felt extremely lonely and i've been craving touch more than i did before i was with him. watching movies, playing games, hanging out with friends etc all distract me for a while but when i stop all the bad feelings just come at once. not only sadness loneliness, but i also feel hate and rage. does anyone have any way to help me move on?
please tell it to me jnmil, i just don't know what to think any more. am i unempathetic? am i in a jnmil situation with a fh who can't be helped? tl dr my fiance has banned me from asking questions about his relationship with his mother, after i questioned the need to visit her for the fifth time in five days 4x week since we moved in together . edited to add i have often turned up and helped.
canker sores around finals season hello all i'm a university student in my fourth year. every time finals season rolls around, i find myself getting terrible canker sores probably as a result of the stress, but it doesn't help that i need to drink energy drinks by the gallon in order to get the right amount of studying in . they're distracting and bothersome. any tips on how to alleviate this?
wow, another day spent feeling like i'm running on an endless treadmill. my mind is constantly foggy, and my energy levels seem to dwindle with each passing hour. i can't even seem to find joy in the things i once loved. it's like i'm stuck in a rut, unable to break free and feel alive again. i fear that this is just the new normal for me, and i don't know if i have the strength to keep going.
feeling tense here are some solutions to reduce stress the first step in stress management https deetsforyou.com feeling tense here are some solutions to reduce stress is to recognize the signs of stress. however, recognizing stress signs may be more difficult than you believe. most of us are so used to being stressed that we don t realize we re stressed until we ve reached our breaking point.
there are also things he doesn't like. he doesn't like when my mom go out to go gamble with his money. he works his ass off everyday, gives her money to pay bills, and she constantly goes gambling with her friend. yes i do know that my mom is wrong for that, but me and my siblings can't say or do anything as she is our mother. so they argue about these these things constantly every single day.
she humiliates me in front of other people and when we're alone. i'm always just a servant who's there to get her drinks and hype her up. i'm always just the butt of her jokes. she used to invite me over when she was hanging out with a guy she was trying to hook up with, just so she could make fun of me in front of him the whole time to make herself look better and or cooler. i'm just a prop.
2023 sucks so much for me right now. my pc suddenly stopped working, the computer shop guy possibly scammed me, and last night, i was in the middle of a possibly gang shooting. i never thought i would see a gunman shooting in public, but there he was, pointing in my direction possibly at a fleeing car that flew past me . like, shit man, why is all this stuff happening to me all of the sudden.
i used to live with my fiance and her family. her father is a massive, abusive brute. kate has medical issues that cause seizures, and whenever she would have one, her father would stand over her, waiting for her to finish so he could berate her for it. he treated her like a seizure was a behavioral issue that just needed enough punishment to solve. her whole family was pretty bad, honestly.
i only get it when i have a flashback or strong reaction to a trigger. i notice it sticks around even when i feel emotionally calm and can stick around for a long time after the trigger, like days or weeks. it s a new symptom i think. also been having lots of nightmares again recently. not sure what to do as i m not currently in therapy, but i am waiting to be seen at a mental health clinic.
so i knocked and told her to please let me in. she refused, i told her i was sorry and i didn t mean any of the things i said and that i love her very much. she said to go away so i did we were at her house . now a whole day passed and she still refuses to talk to me i m worried, guilty and just want to hug her and tell her again that i m sorry. i sent her some messages but she ignored them.
i don't know. i keep overthinking everything and i am worrying about what it would be like to be with him for an extended amount of time. what if it is horrible and we end up hating each other? i fear that i cannot deliver what he wants and deserves emotionally and sexually, and those fears stunt my ability to love him freely. i am wary of the fact i have no control over the outcome of that.
hi, i'm a senior in high school, and i just turned 18. while at school one day, my mom collected some of my belongings and put them in a bag by the door, and then confiscated my house key, telling me i had to leave by the next morning. i have no where to go, no car, and no access to my savings. i have a part time job, but it auto deposits into a checking account that my dad has control over.
about a month or two ago i saw my doctor about going on an anti anxiety med for general anxiety disorder gad and was put on lexapro. i've never taken an ssri before, but i find it has helped me tremendously with my other anxiety symptoms. however, the globus still remains and i'm at my wits here about how to stop this sensation. has anyone here experienced this? is there a way to treat this?
this should not focus only on their emotions, but also what they are actually doing in response to their stress. for example another sleepless night, my to do list growing longer while my energy wanes, my heart racing as i try to juggle work and family. i can feel the tension in my shoulders, but i also know i can t keep giving into the stress i need to make changes before my health suffers.
i can't keep going like this. i need a break, but i don't have the luxury of taking one. my workload is never ending, and my mind is constantly racing. every time i try to relax, my thoughts turn to all the things i still need to do. i'm overwhelmed and can't seem to find a way out. i'm so exhausted, both physically and mentally. i can't keep pushing myself like this. something has to give.
i constantly face so much anxiety in school. it makes me extremely depressed, and it s just hard to cope with. i don t know if anxiety depression have anything to do with memory performance, but i ve noticed that i remember a lot less compared to when i wasn t in a depressed and anxious state. for hours on end i contemplate and procrastinate everyday about my depressing life. it s just sad.
many don't understand that stress comes from taking stress as a real mechanic of reality you don't have to believe me, you can deconstruct stress, depression, anxiety, all those franchizes in immaterialai a free tool i built for people to see how many ideas are unprovable yet cause us damage through us believing in them, personally i stopped believing in stress and recommend it to everyone.
hi r anxiety, so lately my anxiety hypochondria has been through the roof. i convince myself that i have all of these symptoms and then my body actually feels like it produces them. i never know when something is actually wrong. lately since my anxiety has gotten so bad i have begun biting my nails even worse than usual, picking my toe nails and picking any form of acne on my face or body.
the continual pressure to succeed can lead to a feeling of being trapped in a never ending cycle. each day starts with the weight of expectations on one's shoulders, the fear of failure constantly looming. moments of respite are few and far between, leaving one feeling drained and overwhelmed. it's a heavy burden to carry, and the emotional toll can wear down even the strongest of spirits.
years of waking up nauseous someone i care about a lot wakes up nauseous every morning since he was about 6 years old he is 21 years old now . some days are worse, some days are a bit better but he always wakes up nauseous. it is probably because of stress or and anxiety. i am trying to find people who have or had the same problem and what do you know about it? and did you ever get better?
i often find myself feeling overwhelmed by the never ending responsibilities and demands on my time. the mounting pressures and constant distractions leave me feeling frazzled, my mind scattered and my peace of mind elusive. but in the midst of this chaos, i am determined to find a way to manage my stress and prioritize self care, ultimately leading to a more balanced and fulfilling life.
why can't i just find some peace and quiet in this chaos? no matter how hard i try, my mind never seems to give me a break. even when i'm trying to sleep, it's filled with racing thoughts, keeping me awake and alert. i'm constantly on edge, never allowing myself to fully relax or enjoy the moment. it feels like an endless cycle, and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this.
my version of events wasn't believed due to ten other witnesses denying it and i was expelled immediately. i got home and unexpectedly my bags were already packed. my sister in law walked up to me, gave me an insincere hug, and said your actions have consequences. you're going to portland two weeks early. i asked if i could say goodbye to my nieces and nephews and friends and she said no.
i know this is kind of all over the place, but i want to ask should i have broken up with her before? am i a bad person for sticking around? how can i find peace and happiness? is it normal to feel hopeless and scared that i won't find love again? tldr got cheated on a bunch and dumped because i cried on christmas due to a breakdown re being cheated on all the time and feeling worthless.
i see him in person 1 3 times per week, almost always at restaurants. if it matters, we've never been to each others apartment. it is in his lease that he can't have guests over ??? . i've invited him to mine but it hasn't worked out. i have some abandonment issues from friends pretending they like me but actually secretly disliking me, so i have anxiety that he doesn't actually like me.
i can't take much more. i hate being unworthy of the truth and feeling like i'm crazy for thinking this. this feels like my entire life, with everyone i've ever expected to love and care for me. i'm fucking over it. tl dr i know my boyfriend is probably on drugs, or at least was actively using for some period of time recently, and you will probably agree with me if you read the evidence.
especially because jeff drinks and does drugs, which is very inconsistent with my lifestyle. overall i regret agreeing to have him my bf and i have ruminated over it in couples counseling multiple times tl dr my boyfriend's brother is an almost college grad with very little direction. my bf wants him to move to our expensive city with no job and live in our 50 50 shared condo rent free.
stress rashes? how do you guys deal with stress rashes? i have rashes all over my hands, feet, and chest that look like stress rashes. i've been super itchy lately and it's driving me insane. i'm currently taking 21 credit hours in a stem degree and working 20 hours a week. i have great time management skills but still feel behind no matter what i do. is there anyway to get rid of them?
hey guys, been married for about a little over a year. i had an inkling before we got married that the wife was an anxious person but it was only after we got married i realised it was much more. she has weekly breakdowns over minor occurrences at work and comes home cursing and screaming about what goes on. not at me, but that repeated venting does have its toll on me as well mentally.
she is willing to surrender her cat it's just difficult to find a place rn that can take him. 2. she can't move in with me because i live in a studio apt with my boyfriend and we just renewed our lease and cant have a 3rd person plus no animals allowed. 3. she has called 211 and has tried to speak with someone from a local shelter called mercy house but they haven't gotten back to her.
and i m at a complete loss as to how we resolve this. btw, we have talked about all of this about 1,957 times already. there is nothing written here he hasn t heard before. tl dr husband has always been the primary earner with well paying jobs, but has experienced serious burn out. as we re eating into our savings, it looks like i ll have to put my business on hold and go back to work.
the man who abused me, his mother is a political figure. i suspect she is using her wealth and influence to keep her sons abuse secret. the family has been blaming me for my abuse, denying it happened, threatenung me into changing my story, and generally defaming my character. i can't prove it but suspect this may have happened to a girl before me. is there a way to expose this family?
i had no good friends in my class, i never had a partner when it was time to pair up on our own, the work was going to get harder and we would be working on clients soon. when i came back all i could think about was how much i wanted to go home. so i didn't go back after that. i had to go back though and pick up my stuff. but everyone asked what was i gonna do next, why did i drop out.
i have an extremely bad habit of holding my breath. almost everyone now and then i would hold my breath instead of exhale without even noticing. i think i've had this habit for a while and weirdly only noticed it recently. it has also woken me up to the fact that i'm suffering from stress. and also subsequently suffering from hair loss. looking for anyone that can relate or has advice.
every rational part of me believes i'm retroactively terrified of the fact i almost didn't get to live the life i'm living now. i wish i wouldn't think about it. but i just keep doing it. it's like i get some sick thrill out of the fear and anxiety like it's a horror movie or rollercoaster. i know i shouldn't be feeling that way about it but i am and i don't know why or how to stop it.
should i just go ahead and get help? am i worried about nothing? is there a way to lose the worst bits of anxiety while keeping the bits that are perhaps somewhat helpful? or have i got this all wrong and it's not anxiety but perhaps something else that makes me productive, etc? or should i just accept all the awesome things in my life as a totally worthwhile price for feeling worried?
no, not really. i thanked my boyfriend, and then immediately blurted out how am i going to explain this to my mother? like i said, he's understanding, but i could see him kinda wince as he probably realized that the gifts brought me more anxiety than happiness. i spent the next half hour desperately thinking up backstories i could use to explain to my mother why i had a brand new hat.
i want her to tell me that she loves me, that she would only want to be with me. i just want her, and i'm even willing to give her another chance even though i know i shouldn't. i can't move on, everyday i think about her and the good times we spent together. so reddit, help me, i need to know how i can move on from her. tl dr my wife cheated on me and i don't know how to get over her
do i ask the boss who s like family to me to not bring him back once our coming winter layoff is over? how do i continue to stay sane while seeing this guy who is abusive to my extended family and completely absent with my immediate family while telling our friends he s a happy uncle? tl dr so's brother works with me. he is abusive to so and her family and won't acknowledge pregnancy.
my mom is living on borrowed time and she needs cardiac surgery. the whole thing costs around 8000 11800 and needless to say, we can't afford it. i'm on my way to becoming a doctor myself in my final year of med school and seeing her like this without being able to do anything to help her is breaking me. i love her so much. we have no one else and the constant pressure is killing me.
yet my job requires me to always be reachable and the staff under me always ask me to help them, but i can't even help myself. i'm torn between wanting to be alone, wanting to reach out for help, talking to people just so i can yell and push them away. i don't know what to do. that's a lie, i think i do but i don't want to. any effort is exhausting and i can't bring myself to fix it.
while sitting on my normally quiet front porch today, one of my unbelievably extroverted neighbors was carrying on the loudest conversation i've ever heard on a quiet street. her conversation partners used a normal volume she was the only one yelling words at the top of her lungs. i wanted to snap her clueless little head off. or at the very least, tell her to shut the f up. grumpy?
does anyone else get a headache when they try to relax? i don t know how to fix this. every time i finally sit down and get comfy, my head starts hurting. it feels like the headache i get out of stress when something needs to get done but i m well aware nothing needs to get done at the moment. still i can t relax comfortably ever because of these headaches. they re just never ending
im not stressed but my body says otherwise im 22 recently graduated from college doing my internship in nursing. ive always thought my stress levels are ok but since for years i ve noticed that cant seem to beat fungus skin and vaginal even though i rarely get sick i have irritable bowel syndrome stress related nothing inflammatory my hair falls excessively. u think im stressed? idk
i am drowning in responsibilities, each task a heavy stone in the weight of my shoulders, causing my chest to ache and my mind to race. the days blur into nights, and the sense of urgency weighs upon me, pressing like an invisible but palpable force, threatening to suffocate. i long for relief and an escape from the whirlwind of commitments, yearning to find balance and inner peace.
he s claiming i beat him in that fight. i had to go to court and be treated like i was the abuser and the whole time he sat there next to me. a protection order was written and i nor my daughter can go home. i have a 30 day to vacate of face eviction from my landlord and i lost my job over all of this. my pre trial is next month and my lawyer seems like he has no idea about my case.
i close the door and put my back against it. he's slamming into the door, trying to break into it, yelling that i'm crazy and i'm making everything up. i'm terrified and sobbing, yelling for help and for him to leave me alone. at this point i'm begging him to let me get my phone to call my dad to come get me. he finally tells me that i can, and that he can't wait for me to be gone.
overheard someone talking about how stressed they are which is making me feel stressed i overheard someone saying they are so stressed they can't sleep and get up about 5 or 6 times in the night which has mad me start thinking about stress and whether i feel stressed now i feel like i am starting to stress. maybe just a long week because i missed a deadline and had tight shoulders.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and expectations, i struggle to find moments of peace, feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel. this is a simple yet powerful reflection that conveys the sense of being trapped and unable to escape the demands on one's time and energy. it also suggests a longing for stillness and quiet, a desire for respite from the relentless pace of modern life.
yesterday, i almost had sex with someone. but when it was happening, i felt only halfway there. and now my memory of it is hazy, and when i try to think about it i don't see it from my perspective, i see it from like above me. like it wasn't actually happening to me. i genuinely enjoy having sex, but i would like to know ways to lessen my trauma symptoms and stay present during it.
not sure why but i m really off today. i can t stop feeling like a screw up even though i ve really done nothing wrong today. i feel like it might have been triggered by seeing an old family friend who asked how my abuser was or because i am having an injury flare up after doing really well. i just feel useless and unlovable. i have convinced myself even my husband doesn t like me.
the very thing causing my stress is the only thing that can decrease my stress the moment i try to relax and have fun i am occupied but stressed as i feel i am wasting time. my stress is derived from productivity if im not productive i am stressed about being not productive and therefore when i am having fun it is fleeting because i quickly realize i am not productive. anyone else?
i posted in this subreddit about 6 years ago and find myself here again. i am just venting, and hoping someone can normal ize me... but i know it s probably 1 in a million posts. the past several months have been horrific. i deal with death on a daily basis at my job, and worked the 1 october shooting in las vegas. then, on 10 15, my mother was rushed to the hospital for a seizure.
background this time last year i lost my job, got evicted and my car broke down all in the same month. cut to today and i found out my site is closing and we'll all soon be out of the job. i just feel like a big ball of anxiety and like i can't quite turn my brain off. it's like the world beneath my feet is off and i'm doing everything i can not to cry. sorry for the brick of text.
what thoughts, feelings or actions are they engaging in that may exacerbate or ease their stress? amidst the pile of unfinished tasks, constant buzzing of notifications, and overwhelming pressure to perform, i realize the irony of my situation indulging in moments of social media escapism, only adding to the cluttered chaos in my mind, perpetuating my stress rather than easing it.
describe an action they take to deal with the stress. i'm constantly juggling deadlines and responsibilities, my mind clouded by an inescapable sense of urgency. when i feel the weight of the world closing in, i make a conscious effort to step away from the chaos, taking long, deep breaths to recenter myself, allowing me to refocus and tackle challenges with renewed determination.
why is this the hardest month? is it that the nerves have cleared, minute by minute anxiety calmed, hopelessness resolved, and now i have to sit a grieve a person i made up in my head? the person i convinced myself he was is so much more attractive than the reality of what he was. he is 27, i m 25, and now he s targeting 21 year olds. i am broken but i am piecing myself together.
he came to the door, drunk and high on opiates he s an ex h addict, opiate rage is real , he told me, verbatim, that if there was a guy in the house, he d kill him on the spot, no questions asked. that was a pretty easy night. i ve spent countless nights barricaded in my bedroom because of his rage. his past is terrible. grew up in gangs mexican mafia and molested at a young age.
nose clogged? dried out? does anyone get this with stress anxiety? i have never had allergies before, usually on the morning i am good. but after lunch at work, one side of my nose get clogged and it makes it hard to breathe and my anxiety doesn't help. do you have tips or things i can do to relive this? this is like my number reason my anxiety shoots up any tips would be helpful
i don't even know that i feel lonely. i was fine with all this until my boyfriend asked out of concern because he thought maybe i was depressed or something and pushing everyone away. then it was like he knocked down a wall inside me that i didn't know was there and revealed a whole room full of cobwebs. i feel ashamed and defective and hopeless now. but i don't know what to do.
we decided to move states together and start a new life. we don t live together mutual decision . he wanted to marry me etc..and i started to see a change in his behavior ever since the move. he got flustered really easily or would get angry over something simple traffic or a common life situation. he seems to have no patience anymore, especially with me and will just shut down.
i didn't do anything during spring break, except maybe go to work. and even then, i missed a day because i just couldn't deal with the stress. most adults get excited to tell you they did absolutely nothing during their break. and there was a time when i enjoyed taking a break too. but now it seems like every time i have a break or a day off from work, it makes the stress worse.
but i see him during classes and it might be extremely weird. and i don't want to go to the counselling room and knock on the door, what if they're having a session? and i'm probably gonna just nervously laugh while walking in. talking to my teachers about it is a no no. i can't go to a therapist directly due to my parents lack of understanding and ignorance of mental illnesses.
tw physical abuse? my dad was screaming at me today and i started crying out of fear. of course in my household crying is not allowed. hence he physically hit me and tried to cover my mouth which led to me hitting him back out of defense. my gums ended up bleeding and i don't think anyone else was concerned about how i was feeling they thought i was just overreacting and stuff.
i m so concerned as we head into warmer months. i know i need to leave the area and that s on my agenda, i just can t do that before summer comes and goes. i am currently trying to come up with ways to manage my day to day life. working from home, not venturing outside as much as possible. but even the ride from home to office is enough to send me into a spin for about an hour.
i feel like shit for writing this post. tl dr so of over a decade is great to me in many ways and shit to me in other ways, i feel awful when he's shit to me but also feel guilty as fuck about expressing it because of all the times he's amazing to me. wondering if this is emotional abuse and if it is, what can i do about it? our relationship is rock solid, i'm not leaving him.
i'm taking care of her but i have no idea what to do with myself. tl dr my wife told her co worker that she and i were in an open relationship and started hooking up with him. she said it's because i have too high a libido, because our relationship lost it's newness, and because i don't do a fair share of housework. i'm not sure if we can work it out or if i should just leave.
i m trying to tell myself it s like being beat up on the street by a stranger it s only once, but it still happened and it s traumatic. 2 related to the above. it wasn t a stranger. it was someone i loved and trusted and i can t believe he could have done this. he never treated me right, not truly except maybe in the very beginning , but i never even saw this as a possibility.
i dread what it would be like to inject myself with insulin. i am out of work due to a lot of health problems i have chronicled on reddit. i have put in for my short term disability but it has been almost a month and i survive off the small amounts i make on surveys. it is frustrating in so many ways. but i am really tired of being hungry because i cannot grab a healthy snack.
he keeps going back to her. he even cleans up the messes she makes when she smashes his stuff. he has dropped all of his dreams because she doesn't approve of them. sorry for the long post but it sucks hearing that he is in this situation and we just want our friend back so he can recover from this. he used to be the funniest and happiest guy around and now he is just broken.
they re like flashbacks and everything i hated that he did , i want this new person to do to me to the point where i break down again. what the fuck is wrong with me please. these are violent degrading fantasies and they make me feel like a really disturbed person. the thought after an orgasm literally makes me cry. someone out there has to know what i m talking about please.
anyone here doing school while working full time? i have two jobs and am finishing up my degree. there is never anytime where i can flip the switch off and relax. i m always falling behind on deadlines unless i m expending effort into academics for every waking second that i m off work. anybody else experience this? and if so, any tips for maintaining stress during this time?
how should i feel after all this? because i feel like i was used and treated poorly, which she rejects. also how should i read into her getting annoyed about me being with other girls? if they break up again this is their 3rd attempt at making their relationship work , should i be there in the same way ago? as much as i like to think i wouldn't i still really love this girl.
i have been either an emt or a paramedic for the past 9 years. i have been a part of way more than i wanted to be, i cant help but see all the god damned faces. i cannot work because i tried to protect my girlfriend and property from a threat, ended up being someone shooting off fireworks... i have been shot at enough and held it in. i just cant. im tired, i want to give up.
my therapist says this is a normal behavior to display. having been ripped from my children and left on the streets is very hard and i honeslty want to give up. but the anxiety swirls to the point i keep trying to find where i went wrong. it replays and plays in my head over and over like a horror movie. the feeling of wanting to die because at that point i had nothing left.
i'm finding myself constantly pulled in different directions, juggling responsibilities that seem to multiply daily. each task demands my full attention, leaving me feeling like a human ping pong ball, bouncing from one crisis to the next. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i can't help but wonder if i'll ever catch up or if i'm destined to be perpetually behind.
for the past couple months i have had really bad soreness and tightness in my upper back and neck. sometimes it gets so stiff i can barely move my head. at first i thought it was a physical injury so i went to the doctors and had an xray but they could not find anything. i notice it flares up when im anxious. i have tried many self massages, creams, baths, pads, you name it.
describe how prayer might help ease that stress. when engulfed in an avalanche of pressing deadlines and unmanageable expectations, prayer becomes a beacon of hope and solace, offering respite from the chaos. it serves as a gentle reminder that amidst the whirlwind of challenges, i am not alone, and a divine presence guides my footsteps towards finding peace and perspective.
remember to use a positive and resilient mindset when acknowledging the stress. despite feeling overwhelmed by the countless demands on my time and energy, i trust that each challenge i face is a valuable opportunity to grow and learn. i remain dedicated to prioritizing self care, leaning on my support system, and embracing flexibility as i navigate this season of busy ness.
it honestly felt like someone punched a hole right through me. later in the day i texted her and we talked. i asked her how the trip went. she sounded exited to talk to me and it sounded like it would work out between us. i asked her abut her friend and if anything had happened between them and she said that nothing had happened and that her aunt was with her the whole time.
i need to borrow 60, i was in the hospital earlier this week and missed a shift so i'm going to be short my next check, and i'm already down to only 20. i can pay back 85 by december 14th x200b i've paid back 100 in here before, and i've also posted to r borrow already. if you can help i'd really appreciate it, i can provide documentation of being in the hospital and my job
well, the warm season is here which means higher levels of anxiety for me. thing is, i m so used to this pattern that i don t even care anymore. i ve been through the worse of anxiety attacks and now it s just another oh here we go again kind of mood. i like the warm weather and whatnot but there s too much activity going on since people enjoy going out. i don t blame them.
relying on an app that depended on wifi for calls and texts became a hassle so i tried to get an obama phone. i was denied because i couldn't provide a bill with my name and address on it. of course i don't have an address i'm homeless! how am i suppose to get a job when i don't have a phone one where i can be reached wherever whenever . the system was designed perfectly...
but i could feel construction workers staring at me. i know i might be paranoid but i don t want to take chances anymore i m scared. i already paid for a year at the gym about 6 months ago. do you think i should talk to someone about getting at least a partial refund for the 6 months? i don t want to bring my situation up to them and have them say sorry but not our problem.
stress headache i m 22f starting to get a stress headache thinking about work on wednesday. i m really bad at math and calculating since i was in elementary school i think the closest i ve come to being diagnosed with a learning disability was in 5th grade and i have to count money at work. i always have to recount it just in case but it makes me take more time than needed.
lately, i have found myself feeling overwhelmed and trapped by endless tasks and responsibilities. my mind is constantly racing, clouded by stress, leaving little room for creativity or relaxation. it s a difficult cycle to break, but i know that taking time for myself, seeking support, and prioritizing self care will be essential to find balance and rediscover inner peace.
another time i had one was today in class. i was worrying about fainting because i fainted last week and didn't want it to happen again. today i was feeling dizzy from worrying and i was thinking i need to get out of here. i managed to calm myself down by taking deep breaths and closing my eyes before it got too bad. can someone tell me if these were actually panic attacks?
it s subconscious for sure, but just a feeling i get. i m terrified of him, and praying that he gets the real help he needs at the same time. and i just don t know how to sort that out. i don t know how to stop worrying and wondering what he s doing, we have several court dates coming up so i think that adds to it. i m just so exhausted and ready for this fight to be over.
she has not once shown disappointment. when she sees me get frustrated, she lays next to me and holds me. asks me what i need to relax. but it's becoming a self perpetuating cycle and i'm getting panicky that this is going to drive a wedge between us because she will start to feel that she doesn't excite me or satisfy me or whatever. before anyone asks, the pipes all work.
the few days following this i was a wreck, an absolute mess. crying at work, shaking, anxious, sweating, and couldn't eat. through the week i wound up losing nearly 6lbs and have been everything from manic depressed to furious, to scared out of my wits to utterly confused aaand all the way back around again. the other night i told him i needed an answer. what are we doing?
if i could, i'd put security cameras all over his house so i can watch whatever he does and says. i don't even like him. i hate him, in fact i've spent hours fantasizing about ways to kill him. when i was in high school, i picked routes that passed him and hung out in places he walked by. does anybody know why i feel this way, or have any research on this type of behavior?
fast foward almost a year later.. my mom begs me to let stepfather move back in with us im 16, paying a lot of the bills while my mom parties, leaving me to watch my 2 little brothers. . well, i say f ck it because she'll probably do it anyway. two months after he moves in, i was raped by the person i was dating at the time.. i was a virgin. i cried and begged him to stop.
i just feel like the street life has fucked my head up. there's so much i don't even know how to talk about anymore, i just hold that shit. only person i can really chat with is a pal i know at the bar. he has ptsd and shit from the military bad, hard up alcoholic nowadays after killing people.. we talk once every few weeks and we are open and it's cool. but normal people?
thought i feel like i'm hitting a wall, both mentally and physically. i'm burnt out and can't seem to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. every day feels like a never ending struggle just to get through the basics. i wish i could press pause and take a break, but i know i can't. i'm trapped in this cycle of exhaustion and i don't know how to escape it.
sorry in advance for what i'm getting off me chest. this man sexually, physically, and emotionally abused me for a year. he even tried to marry me at 16 so he could trap me in his perverted hell. after four months of completely breaking free of this sick, twisted human being he had the gall to contact one of my friends to try to get a vinyl back. he treated me like a dog.
it did take a long time after we got together to believe he wouldn't, but now i actually believe he'd lay down his life to protect me. and i don't think i deserve that. i'm just so sad and filled with so much self loathing today. the memories literally make me sick, make me vomit, which i don't need to be doing right now after a major surgery. i just want to erase it all.
what do you feel? how do you deal with it? how do you hope to change? feeling like a whirlwind of obligations and tasks, i'm trapped in an inescapable maze of expectations and deadlines. to regain balance, i hope to prioritize self care through mindfulness meditation, exercise, and connecting with loved ones, as i seek to simplify my life and let go of needless stressors.
muscle relaxation? does any one have tips on how to relax your muscles due to stress? every muscle in my body is beyond tight and i'm in quite a bit of pain. i have tried running, biking, exercise and stretching and i feel like it kind of gets worse. it's hard to sleep honestly. any suggestions, natural supplements, vitamins, food, exercises, would be greatly appreciated!
i don t know if anxiety depression have anything to do with memory performance, but i ve noticed that i remember a lot less compared to when i wasn t in a depressed and anxious state. for hours on end i contemplate and procrastinate everyday about my depressing life. it s just sad. anything i can do to cope with this? could i get an accommodation from my school for this?
i got 6 stitches. my parents love my bf and in fact, my mom and him are so close that they go on walks and go to the movies together. i felt uncomfortable and unwanted by his family. to be fair, i was also a little closed off with them but mainly because i felt so unwanted. i have put on some weight, which i am sure his dad noticed because he absolutely hates fat people.
every time i say, i've got a job! she gives me some kind of bullshit reason the place is not a good idea. she threatened to boot me back out on the street for not taking her word for it when i explain i need the job anyway. btw her girlfriend owns the house. they've lived here together for 2 years and she has been making up bullshit reasons she can't work the whole time.
because i feel like nothing i do isn't even worthy of being considered a success. because the carpet is cover in pee from animals and reminds me of my mothers house. how i used to go to school every morning covered in cat and dog urine. every little bit of confrontation feels like world war 3 in my head. every little feels like it gets put on me as blame and i cant deal.
nobody should ever have to put up with that and have to live in fear of someone who can fly off the handle like that. i wish so badly i knew who she was so that i could tell her in quiet that if she ever needs a place to escape that my door is always open. sorry for my rambling. i'm just not sure what to do or how to approach this. any help would be greatly appreciated.
hi everyone, sorry to ask but today is my mum s birthday. this is the first month in 6 where i haven t been paid early, so until tomorrow i have no money. the issue is it s my mum s birth today, and she always wants a cake, but i am unable to give her one this year. a nice cake from my local supermarket is 10, and i will be paid by work tomorrow so i can repay you soon.
he broke contact with the whole family, only sparingly speaking to his little sister after she followed his example and split. i think he is very ashamed of his past. he never talked about anything like this with me. i m honestly really worried he thinks i would think less of him if i knew, and the idea of that breaks my heart. i didn t tell him what his sister told me.
that being said, i feel like every idea i have to contribute gets shot down. it doesn't help that i'm not the best at communicating ideas. i feel like i'm at a dead end and am not being considered to move up because of it. it's gotten me so anxious that i don't know what to do except look for other opportunities. i feel like he's just pretending to appreciate what i do.
people pleasing sucks i hate when i have this constant need to make other people happy who couldn't give the slightest shit about me. sometimes i would not be able to sleep or work until i know that they are happy knowing fully well that they won't do the same for me. i seem to feel like if i don't make everyone happy, i deserve all the negative things that come my way.
changing workplace tomorrow, can't cope with stress today at work they informed me out of the blue that tomorrow i'm gonna have to start working in another building and i am very stressed. took a lot of pills and i just drank a glass of wine to calm down and get some sleep. i can't cope with the stress. i'd rather just die that have to go through this fear of tomorrow..
and no friends are close enough to help her. additionally, she is kind of scared of strangers because of her past of abuse. i live in a different country so i cannot help her as best as she needs. she has attempted suicide multiple times. i have been successful in saving her every time with throwing up the pills and or calling an ambulance or whatever may be necessary.
are you fucking kidding me? you are not comfortable writing something to help me? you're uncomfortable writing a note and helping someone with a mental illness? someone who has been trying everything fucking possible to live a normal life, someone who is seeking as much support as possible and only went to the idea of financial support as an absolute last resort? what.
kinda. but now it s just weird. he buys us matching clothes, tries to get us to do the same shit, constantly insists that we re so similar, etc. they try to hold my hands when we go out, and when i told my dad i needed her to stop being so touchy with me, he guilt tripped the fuck out of me. i m 19 in a few days, i need to get out of here, but i feel so fucking guilty.
my mind is too busy i feel like i have so much going on right now i m not going to get into details but a lot of pressure from family and stress school wise. i m feeling the heat from being in grade 12 and man it s terrible. my head feels stuffed with stressors and problems. how can i sort through them and work through each problem? ie, bad grades, post secondary, etc
i could stay up here alone, but he says he ll be where ever we are. i feel trapped and i think it s making me like i m acting like a child these days. at least from my perspective. he drained my accounts and i m financially dependent because i fear not paying bills and i have to feed my daughter and myself. in laws say they can help us...but they re still his parents.
last few weeks i ve overcome some serious issues and i was traveling most the time and it helped me a lot. but now that i m home i m falling back to my old self i m isolating myself in my house. i barely go out again i can t even manage to get myself a haircut and i don t want fall back in this hole again. i picked myself up and going falling back can someone help me.
sorry for the ramble, i would like to know if there is any way to contact them? i have my chemistry teachers phone number but i'm not sure if i should go for it. tl dr too nervous to talk to school counsellor, only counsellor i know is a chem teacher but it'll be weird to see him in classes. parents ignorant about mental issues. can contact chem teacher but i'm weary.
this has been affecting me for two weeks now, off and on. it's a combination of terrifying and annoying. randomly throughout the day, i will notice that it feels harder to breathe and i take deeper breaths than normal . air coming in almost feels like it has viscosity to it, like molasses, which makes me cough. most of the time, i don't cough up anything so it's dry.
update thanks all, i have calmed down a bit now. will sleep on it and hopefully tackle with a clearer head tomorrow. tl dr found out from stranger on facebook my partner is most likely going to leave me, feel betrayed she posted it on a public forum like facebook. right now feeling useless, am introverted and quiet by nature so i don t have much of a support network.
i also always bite and pick at my lips, meaning i usually have a patch of dried blood. i also chew my nails though i've found if i clip my nails almost everyday it goes away . i know these behaviors are typical of ocd but i don't have other ocd symptoms so i think it's just my anxiety. any tips would be appreciated. or if you just want to share your habits go ahead.
he certainly had has the ability to. the worst best part of this story is that i am still with this prick, trying to get away safely. best part is that my story may be horrifying enough to convince women in an early stage dv situation to run before it escalates to my story. after the 2nd severe incident, i called family who took me to the er. had lots of tests done.
this has been affecting me for two weeks now, off and on. it's a combination of terrifying and annoying. randomly throughout the day, i will notice that it feels harder to breathe and i take deeper breaths than normal. air coming in almost feels like it has viscosity to it, like molasses, which makes me cough. most of the time, i don't cough up anything so it's dry.
i'm feeling overwhelmed, my mind is constantly racing with to dos and deadlines. i'm finding it hard to focus and make decisions. i'm worried i won't be able to keep up and i'll let everyone down. i need a break but i can't seem to take one without feeling guilty. i'm exhausted both physically and mentally and i don't know how much longer i can keep going like this.
for example, i'm selling something that's worth 50? you can have it for 10. i hate it, i want to cry. i've had items listed for about 2 weeks, they're all responsibly priced or under and i'm having to accept low ball offers as i have no other choice. i would never let myself in a million years do this if i wasn't homeless but the clock is ticking and i need to move.
i'm just scared to death. i have anxiety problems which are probably contributing to it. but he keeps telling me he'd never judge me for anything and my sister said if he's ok with a missing tooth, he should be ok with a gap. i'm worried he'll see me and change his mind about me and i don't know what to do. should i tell him about it first or just see what happens?
he was furious i'd 'kept' that from him. i had considered doing cam modelling though had never gone through with it again before we even met . he accused me of lying and keeping things from him. on top of that, he still expected sex all the time. i still liked it, but i was so stressed from the move and from the constant crying and fighting that my libido was down.
and it's like that all the time when similar experiences occur. now this probably has connections to the social anxiety and depression i suffer from heck i'm feeling anxious rn as i type this but it's so weird. i mean i guess it kinda makes sense if i'm so insecure, right? does anyone else suffer from similar forms of anxiety or sort of related? interested to know.
humming humming is a good way to relive someone else s stress, it induces calmness and reduces stress, it enhances sleep as well, it also causes the production of powerful neurochemicals such as oxytocin, the love chemical, this was learnt from a google search that i did because i noticed the person i care about seemed more relaxed when i hummed to him in his sleep
disability allowance doesn't seem like it would be enough to cover even just my rent, never mind food for me and my pets and lighting and heating. i can't take my cat and my dog into a shelter. i don't know what to do. i feel like i just have to come to terms with how he is and learn to live with it but i'm miserable all the time. i don't have any friends anymore.
song that instantly reduces my stress hi. when i listen to this song my overthinking stops, heart rate goes down and i get a break from the stress i'm feeling at the moment. https open.spotify.com track 1uvgolmtw3eskcekvy5pu9?si 024b311ba35f4130 https open.spotify.com track 1uvgolmtw3eskcekvy5pu9?si 024b311ba35f4130 wanted to share, maybe it works for someone else
i can't get away and sometimes i fear my youngest sibling will suffer for it! i know my mother will force me to never see them again if i make this decision, or even how can i make this decision? my only option at this point i feel is to be homeless but that's another can of worms. my thoughts are scattered and i'm honestly scared. i don't know what to do anymore.
i ve even sought out arrangements sugar daddy for gifts and stuff. i m fully willing to do it, but of course this is a shot in the dark and hard to be consistent about. i m kinda freaking out about it and i m not sure what to do. if there are any loans or opportunities or anything that i can use as a resource please let me know. i could use all the help i can get.
any tips for making more friends? tl dr i've had very few friends throughout my life. recently i've tried reaching out to a lot of people but almost all of them will decline my offer to hang out at some point. i guess maybe this has to do with how i am socially awkward in the past but i've also been told that i am trying too hard. any tips for making more friends?
for ever since i can remember i have suffered from anxiety. but in the past 5 or so years, my anxiety has shifted to almost entirely work. i m only 18 and am working part time, but for some god damn reason work scares the hell out of me. i have quit my past three jobs because of it and have recently got a new job. i started on wednesday and am actually good at it.
i need help talking about this you can still be a good person even if you mess up sometimes. as long as you try, it'll be ok. i'm so afraid of people leaving me because i made them sad, i was mean, or i annoy them, anything, and they'll hold it against me even if i try to improve and make concentrated efforts to change. it's crippling. it's a catastrophic thought.
also, as of right now, the 2017 team is on their trek to alaska. because of this, i'm limited on what i can do to raise money, since the main focus is on them. in the meantime, all i can do is ask for donations. i was hoping reddit could help me out with this. if anyone wants to donate to me personally, here's the link to do so, along with my reason for riding url
hi everyone, this is my first post in this thread, so bear with me. my mother 54f has always been controlling and anxious, and now that i 19f have gone to college, it feels like things have gotten worse. i am home right now for winter break and things have been so tense and awful and i don't know what to do. she is really judgmental and anxious about my sex life.
what thought or action helps them cope? consider the use of imagery. when the weight of a thousand responsibilities clutters my mind, like the chaos of a disorganized attic, a gentle breeze whispers through my memory of a quiet lake. i take a deep breath, feeling its calming embrace, and let my thoughts drift away like pebbles tossed into its still, clear waters.
i don't have the energy to keep going. i feel like i'm at the end of my rope. i can't take on any more responsibilities or challenges. i just need a break, but i don't know how to make that happen. i'm drowning in obligations and my mind and body are both crying out for relief. it feels like i'm barely holding on and i don't know how much longer i can keep going.
i also get really painful cramps periods every month. i do not share this with the people i work with because i do not want to complain nor do i think it is any of their business! today, i asked to leave at lunch time, because i was in a lot of pain, i had terrible cramps, and actually bled through my pants! embarrassing! the secretary told me it was no problem.
she has had wounds on her face once, one doctor saw them, wrote them down, and offered to call the police. they replied that she'd have to come there by herself and sue her husband. which of course did not happen. turns out i get really numb as the only way to not get dragged into this emotional swamp, but is a hell for its own. hating every single contact here.
tl dr i've 18 f been into my friend 18 m for nearly two years, and he's about to go out on a date with my best friend 18 f . i don't know how to handle my feelings about their developing romantic relationship. also, he's trying to set me up with his best friend 19 m , and i don't know what to do about that. thanks to anyone who may be able to offer some advice.
person sighs deeply i feel like i'm constantly running on empty. my mind is always racing, my emotions are frayed, and the simplest tasks leave me feeling drained. it's like i'm in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety, and i can't seem to break free. i just want some peace, some relief. i fear that if i don't find a way to cope, i'll lose myself entirely.
i feel like i have the worst luck with everything, but maybe that's just bias. i feel like life has dealt me a short hand and i feel so guilty saying this because there are people out there with lives far worse than mine. walking is painful, talking is painful, i don't know what to do. i just want everything to end. i just want to rest and not have to struggle.
i tell her this, which falls on deaf ears. next day, we go to work things out. and i freak out when staff at the library call cops over us being loud , i freak out over some very minor warrants. which leads to her disappearing untill today when we have a meeting with a councilor. while waiting the drop in center for the shower she assaults me i block her blows.
offer a specific coping strategy to help alleviate their stress. reflecting on the chaotic whirlwind of deadlines, errands, and overwhelming responsibilities, i long for a moment of tranquility. to find a reprieve, i plan to prioritize and schedule a brief pause each day for meditation, allowing my mind to quiet, my breath to slow, and my spirit to rejuvenate.
in this moment, the only thing bringing them a little peace is listening to their favorite song. burdened by an overload of responsibilities and dwindling energy, my weary soul finds solace in the harmonious melody of my favorite song. each note resonates with my heart, calming the storm within and reminding me of the light that still shines through the chaos.
singing at a funeral and they have given me a different song the day of i was given the chance to sing at a funereal and i was honored to sing. however they have changed the song last minute and i m stressing over this extremely. not singing isn t an option as it would disappoint so many. i m trying to get the song down however it s getting to me. any advice?
i need quiet and darkness to recover from a major trigger like that. i went inside and sat in the bathroom with the lights off. we had left the radio on in the bedroom and it was blaring so loudly, but i couldn't move i just needed to sit for a little bit. i thought i had calmed myself back down so i went into our office. he came into the office all furious.
it s theoretical that i have stress based seizures and have some questions about stress medication i ve heard a little about stress medication being antidepressants and such a thing doesn t actually work, it has little to no effect. does anyone here use stress meds that actually help. i take ashwagandha chewables and they help a little but clearly not enough
i've told her each time to stop, she apologised but doesn't see what the big deal is because she hasn't been in love with me for a long time. this is when i started to feel awful. i can't fully figure out why though because im not in love with her i probably hate her and haven't realised it yet. i just feel terrible. i can barely get out of bed to go to uni.
sorry this going to be super long, i have a lot to say... tl dr... see title. it was constant up and down one minute we were happy and he was being more affectionate than he has in years, the next he's screaming at me and calling me a whore. i get it, i broke him. i feel so disgusted and ashamed with myself but i truly want to spend my life with no one else.
i have no one to relate with, and if i can't get around it, i'll be eventually separated because i can't afford to fail another pft because of it. i'm not here for sympathy about what lead to my anxiety. i want to put that out there. and i'm not sorry if anyone gets offended by my dark sense of humor. that's the only way i've found temporarily deal with it.
i was walking to a class when someone behind me at their locker dropped their stuff. i went into a panic and i started reliving the trauma. after it went away, i told my friends about it outside of class. in response, they started jokingly throwing things at the ground including some of my stuff . i started crying in the middle of class, but no one noticed.
i'm constantly juggling multiple responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to perform is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being. it feels like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, and every new task added to my plate only adds to the chaos. i yearn for a moment of peace and tranquility, but it seems elusive in the face of endless demands.
my mind feels heavy and clouded. every task feels like a mountain to climb, and even the simplest of decisions leaves me drained. the world moves on around me, but i'm stuck in a rut, unable to break free from the overwhelming weight of stress and mental exhaustion. i yearn for the peace and clarity that used to be mine, but it feels like a distant memory.
there is a time difference and he's busy! don't worry about it winteryokohama but there is also crazy brain that is thinking, this is him trying to never talk to me again and end things. i am driving myself crazy and i'm sick of it. i am not spamming him with texts, i am giving him space, and trying to let him enjoy his trip! what are your thoughts reddit?
i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities and expectations. my mind and body are constantly on overdrive, leaving me feeling empty and depleted. i crave peace and tranquility but seem unable to find it in this chaos of modern life. perhaps one day, i'll be able to breathe again, to truly live and appreciate the simple things in life. sarah, 29.
it feels as if no one understands what i m going through in my life because i took a while to leave and didn t tell anyone until now. i really didn t think it was that bad. now that i m out of the situation, it still haunts me. i feel guilty and still like it s all my fault somehow even though it s irrational and not true. does anyone else feel like this?
ridiculous things you stress about today i stressed about giving not perfectly clean glass of water to the technican that came to our house two three weeks ago. it was my fault that i didn't pay enough attention at that moment, and now this thing keeps haunting me down almost every day for a brief moment . anyone else has these silly long lasting regrets?
i know every time i have panic attacks to remind myself it's just in my head, but it sucks when little things just make you feel like shit! does anyone else get triggered by stupid things like this? ? i'm even just pissed at myself for now feeling mad at my mom, like don't you know not to tell someone with health anxiety that they don't look right ?? ugh!
during the walk she made a lot of threats about how she was going to call the police, put me in jail, even try to get me deported i'm a lpr. she gets vindictive like this but usually calms down. due to the threats i called the police to ask their advice. the officer wanted me to give him her information and i declined. short story, he gave me two options.
not because i didn t have evidence, but because none of the evidence was permissible in court. my last order of protection was denied. i m a survivor of childhood incest. it just seems like no one cares or wants to care about the psychological repercussions any of this abuse has on people. and i m the one to blame for not being a perfectly normal person.
i need to know what to do. a psychopathic family member was promised my house, for some strange fucking reason, for apparently a very long time now. i have an abusive ex, that won t leave me alone and his parents say escape and live with them, but he most likely will follow me where i go. he told me he would. should i get a restraining order before i go?
not because i didn t have evidence, but because none of the evidence was permissible in court. my last order of protection was denied. i m a survivor of childhood incest. it just seems like no one cares or wants to care about the psychological repercussions any of this abuse has on people. and i m the one to blame for not being a perfectly normal person.
i got connected with the dv shelter in town to connect to my crime victim funds so i don't have to worry about therapy co pays and i'm filled to the brim with anxiety about class tomorrow. i'm so tired of this. i hate that he probably witnessed me plunging into a panic attack. i hate that he saw that side of me. i don't want to look weak in front of him.
how do i stop this without getting myself blacked balled or dealing with this harassment. tl dr i broke up with my ex who cheated. i've been getting harassed by ex girlfriends sister at my job. she holds a lot of weight in the company and her behavior has escalated. how do i stop this without getting myself blacked balled or dealing with this harassment.
please keep in mind that this is a micro fiction reflection meaning very small in length and not designed to explore complex emotions in great detail . beads of sweat trickle down my forehead as i juggle deadlines, demanding clients, and daily household chores. overwhelmed and exhausted, i crave a moment of peace amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. every task feels like a mountain to climb, and no matter how hard i try, it seems that there are always more responsibilities waiting in the wings. the weight of it all is beginning to take a toll on me, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
she actually gave me 2 months to find a place to live before she was gonna kick me out but i couldn't find any and friday is the last day of those 2 months. i don't have a car, or any friends that'll let me stay with them. in total , i have about 600 bucks . maybe i could use that money to gtfo of minnesota. maybe i could buy a gun and shoot myself idk .
i'm worried about my friend. she's really pretty and carefree and intelligent and i've known her since highschool. we had a band back then. she played guitar and sang, i played bass and another friend of ours played drums. we were into the grunge scene and to be honest, we were kinda good for a bunch of 15 year olds trying to make a name for themselves.
i'm obsessing over my new relationship also. like... its starting out, and i can't get clear from him what he thinks of us etc. i haven't heard from him all day, i'm thinking at this point he may have left his phone at home or something on accident. but i'm checking my phone constantly. and even facebook messenger to see if he's logged in at all today.
fluvoxamine i spoke to my gp about my sh, and she did a test thing for depression, anxiety and stress and it came back as moderate for depression, severe for anxiety and extremely severe for stress. she prescribed me an antidepressant fluvoxamine while we sort out a mental health plan and psychologist. has anyone been on it? do you have any advice? tia
but now, my cognitive processes feel so scrambled up and sluggish. i get so confused sometimes i have trouble filling out simple forms or answering questions on the phone. i'm in my 3rd year at a major university but my brain feels so messed up i don't know if i'll be able to finish. does anyone else experience this? have you found anything that helps?
i m having a difficult time coping with how my abusive husband is perceived by family and friends. he raged at me, then was perfectly calm and collected as we met family for dinner less than five minutes later. we go to social events and he s the perfect gentleman. he s kind, caring, funny, charming... i sit next to him absolutely blank and speechless.
before it happened i had been good friends with him and i admired him a lot as a child. i don't want to ruin his life, and whenever i meet him i act normal and happy. when i talk about him i smile and act normal. sometimes i feel like i can forgive him for what happened, but sometimes i have nightmares and i feel dirty. i think of what happened a lot.
he has made me eat until i literally threw up, then forced me to eat my vomit. he plays mental games that are pure torture. he knows how to break me down mentally until i just become ruined for a period of time. he will point guns at me. he made me play russian roulette turns out the gun wasn't loaded but he used a hand trick to make it appear loaded.
however, i am resistant on it right now because i am thinking there is no point. i would rather stay here for the last few days then go because at least for now i have a place. once i get out of here and the hospital, though, i am unsure of where to go. what should i do? i live in washington d.c. so there seems to be a lot of facilities and help here.
stress i m so stressed right now that my heart is racing i m laying down i just want to rest and sleep i only slept 4 hours last night but this heart racing won t let me i m just so stressed i don t know what to do not sure how to calm down i m breathing fine i want to play videogames to get my mind off things and stress down but im just too exhausted
i feel like my mind is a worn out record, playing the same broken melody on repeat. my thoughts are muddled, my energy dwindling, and i can't seem to find the escape hatch from this vicious cycle. every day brings new responsibilities, obligations, and expectations. it's a struggle to keep up, and i fear that i may eventually snap under the pressure.
she hangs up told me she was going to but she leaves. that was a bit frightening. but i guess at that stage the police were already here, because the abuse from him starts. oh you actually called the fucking cops did you? why would you call the fucking cops? i can t believe you d call the fucking cops . three days later, i ve just checked the phone.
i get flashbacks from ptsd at home, and now my home is full of these spider and insect memories. and i feel like so few people in my life can really handle this and that s even more isolating. i m sorry. i needed a place to put this down and try and stop crying. i know my thoughts are disorganized right now and i m finding it hard to organize them.
i really don t know what to do about this, and i m wondering if i m even able to get over this fear. a traumatic experience compounded it in me as a kid, and i ve been experiencing it for so long that it feels like second nature. it s lkkely so ingrained with me that therapy won t do much good. i need some help. if anyone can offer some, feel free.
i'm a senior and i'm starting to go through the college application process and i just feel so overwhelmed. i haven't even finished my college list, started ny essays or supplemental or filed my fafsa. not to mention i'm doing ea so i have a sooner deadline. i haven't visited any colleges and me ecs are so bad. god i just want this to be over with.
i would be lying if i said using heroin didn t get more tempting everyday. atleast i could either slowly die high and numb, or accidentally high and numb. i feel like i ve had a noose tied around my neck sense the first day my incest abuse happened 14 years ago. ever sense i was 9 or 10 i knew i would die by my own hand. it s only a matter of time.
it wasn't an issue, nobody needed to know, now i don't even know what people apparently know and are arguing about. somewhere under all the anger about my mum making an issue out of nothing there's something that makes me wonder if it is a big deal. maybe i'm just pretending i don't care? maybe none of this even happened? i just don't know anymore.
i often feel like i either need to feel stressed or useless i constantly either need to be doing various projects and filling my plate so much that i can barely handle it. or i actually let myself do nothing and i feel like the most useless piece of crap. no in between. if i m not busy all the time, it s like i don t deserve an rewarding existence.
i get where she's coming from, but only if there had been inappropriate conversation or actions on my or my ex wife's part. my ex wife and i have literally zero feelings for each other, other than friendship and concern for one another as we are our son's parents. i don't know really what to do at this point. maybe someone can give me some insight?
i was so desperate that i tried asking some of my family members for help. my mom doesn't given shit, recently leased a new truck. my brother is such an ass hole. my aunt who recently bought a vacation home in houston told me maybe you can talk it out with your parents, take care we're going to europe. all i desire is a quick and painless way out.
i need to start setting some healthy boundaries and cut these people out of my life. i just do not know where to start because they are family but i have three girls that are growing. i cannot have them involved with these monsters. my children will know a different world. do i tell my father or just fade slowly into the abyss and never look back?
i get home and go to bed and then struggle getting up in the morning. i m trying so hard but i feel like i just can t get it right. i feel stupid for literally everything i ve done in life so far and the way i ve gone about things. i m terrified that letting this out will ruin me. i try so hard to pretend everything is ok and i just can t anymore.
hello! i've found myself in between a rock and a hard place the project i was working on lasted longer than i expected, and i've run out of money. i've been applying for local arizona jobs, but most won't get back to me until after october 1st, which is my doomsday. i need 650 for rent. if i can't get it, it's over, which is frustrating and scary!
november has been one of the worst months in a long time. my mom was in a car accident and has no idea how she's getting to work. a few days later my grandmother died and i didn't even have enough money to attend the funeral. i drove home to be with my family, and to drive my mom 5 hours to the airport. i spent a ton on gas and now money is tight.
i asked him how he's doing to fund this, if there are any bursaries and if so, how much these are, but he never gives a clear answer. tl dr boyfriend is unemployed, looking for 'perfect' job until he starts his medicine degree, unsure how he will fund this degree. i resent him for poor financial judgement and day time chilling. how to change this?
i didn't understand why he wanted to get me an erection, and i certainly didn't want him to do that to me, but he did. i think i was around 11 at the time it's been 10 years. my relationship with that cousin isn't a bad one as of now. remembering all these things has caused me some distress, even though i doubt if this event qualifies as abuse...
my heart is palpitating because i finally responded in a group chat that i'm not so active in because i'm scared nobody is going to care what i say. so i finally responded this morning because the chat seems active and it couldn't possibly hurt right? i'm trying to beat my anxiety. well, my fears were confirmed. nobody responded to what i texted.
that completely threw me. i don't know why i'm finding it so difficult to cope. i'm crying frequently for some reason and i don't know why. i haven't done the whole uncontrollable crying thing since my last episode which was all the way back in november 2016. i spent 2017 learning to shut down my emotions so crying had become a thing of the past.
i remember what it felt like to not be anxious one on medicine. none of the other ones i've been put on take any of the edge off. i can't even play xbox live without holding my breath because i get anxious that people can hear me breathe. i mute my mic to give my lungs a reprieve and then go back to holding it. thanks for reading my little rant.
he tells everyone we re his life. my family victim blames and they re are ok with a multi millionaire pedophile in the family. so they re disgusting and no help. i wouldn t be surprised if he ll try to kill me one day. i m moving soon if i can get a damn plan together to his parents, they understand he s crazy, but he really messes with my head.
facing stress at the workplace! for the past two months, i was struggling to give my 100 and was not satisfied with my work in the office. thankfully, i found a blog online about tips to deal with work stress https blog.manahwellness.com the top physical symptoms of work stress and how to deal with them and it helped me in getting rid of stress.
i need help deciding i recently had an interview with an job and it went well. however, my grandma just recently got released from the hospital and i been told i should be a care worker for her since she relay on me the most. i can't really do two at once and i'm already busy most of the time. idk if i really wanna do the job. what should i do?
here comes a little rant, because i don t know what to do anymore and i m done with it. i keep on having panic attacks and i can t find the trigger. i ve been crying for hours now, and yesterday and the day before as well. i m seriously afraid that i will go nuts one day, i see no end nor a solution. i m afraid i ll end up in a mental hospital.
i would like to leave there, but i'm terrified of a shelter. i'm also a semi observant jewish woman. most shelters won't help me keep kosher and keep shabbat, both of which are important to me. the rachel coalition is for domestic violence only, so i can't go there. the ncjw shelter in the area doesn't accept the voucher welfare would offer me.
consider using words related to the current theme courage, fear, determination, grace, hope as you compose your reflection. in the storm of overwhelm, i must find my inner beacon, the source of courage and grace to navigate through the tempest, trusting that fear will not be the harbinger of despair, but the catalyst for hope and determination.
for no reason, i'll just wake up with anxiety like feelings. stomach ache, uneasiness, some sort of dread, or feeling like any little thing would bring me over the edge and have a panic attack. i don't understand why and it can last for a long time. anyways. sometimes the breathing exercises help take the edge off it, but it doesn't fully help.
then write a response 1 sentence or more from another person who is trying to help and offer reassurance. person a i can't seem to catch up on my work and deadlines are piling up. i feel overwhelmed and helpless. person b i know how you feel, but i believe in you. let's break down the tasks and work on them one step at a time. you've got this!
ps i can't get fired because one she is in another department which doesn't break policy and i am in good working and personal relations with my direct boss and the one above him. tl dr started having sex with a co worker 8 months ago. found out today that she is married and that some of our sexual partners were also married. what should i do?
sometimes it goes into an actual panic attack, but not too often. my husband has recently banned me from going anywhere alone unless absolutely necessary like to work . is this something a service dog would be helpful for? or does it have to be a lot worse than that? sorry if it's a weird question, it's just something i've been thinking about.
what is the difference between vocalizing expressing stress compared to taking it out on someone else? this is a topic of debate with my partner. is allowing yourself to experience the stress you feel equivalent to taking it out on someone else? or is simply speaking in a stressed tone taking it out on someone? just looking for a distinction.
i'm so scared i actually don't want to lose him. i love him. i love him so much. tl dr i've gotten gaslighted in my past relationships and it's caused me to have a lot of self doubt about my thoughts and feelings and question myself constantly. in this case i'm questioning if im actually losing feelings since i'm developing crushes on others.
i'm a freshman in college. i had to move out asap due to a volatile home situation, and i'm still struggling with finances and figuring out the real world. i just got a job, but am currently extremely sick, and worried about starting. even so, my phone bill is due and i won't be paid for a few weeks. student loans don't come in until january.
as i lay here, staring at the blank canvas of the night, my mind races, a cascade of thoughts, ideas, and tasks competing for attention in an overwhelming symphony of anxiety. yet amidst this tumult, there is a glimmer of hope, a flicker of inner resolve to tame the swirling maelstrom, and embrace the serene, nurturing peace that lies within.
so he leaned in and kissed me with tongue. i was embarrassed because that was my first kiss. then the next time i saw him he stuck his fingers in me even though i said no and unzipped his pants. i kicked him off of me and rode my bike all the way home with blood running down my legs. i didn't tell my dad because i was afraid he would beat me.
the only woman who ever treated me with respect, my nan, died a few months ago. this household is screwing with all of us. there's nothing we can do, because she refuses to seek help, so this will never change. i want to move out, but i have nowhere to go, no job, and no money. the best i can do is wait it out until someone dies, i suppose.
i, too, am loyal to her. my insecurity came out pretty early in our relationship. i was still getting to know her and there was a lot to figure out. it's normal to be insecure in a new relationship, but the problem is that i can't stop being insecure. i feel like my insecurities spiraled out of control and now she is thinking of leaving me.
years ago on this day, you did things to me i will not say. although i might have lost a fight, nothing about that at all was right. i hope it bothers you oh so much, to know you hurt me all by touch. everything about you is so mean, i just wish you could get clean. i wrote this all straight from my heart, take responsibility for your part.
short questionnaire about stress hi guys! so, we've created a questionnaire about stress https forms.gle 1peqtfbvep1nrwgb9 https forms.gle 1peqtfbvep1nrwgb9 and we'd love for you to fill it out. your responses will be super helpful for our research amp x200b thank you for your time! you'll find all the information needed in the description!
but she says she can't stand hearing it because she's got enough on her plate as she actually suffers with depression herself. i do read other people's posts and think maybe i've actually had it easy. maybe i'm just over exaggerating thing, but i feel like i need to get it off my chest. anyway thanks for reading. sorry the post is so long .
only 7 years ago at the age of 9 i think i peaked in life. i was possibly the most fun kid in class and had no problem socializing with others. used to be so happy then. now i m just known by everybody as the quiet guy who rarely ever smiles. interacting with others especially girls is so hard, and i m always so conscious about how i look.
this is all relevant because i'm slowly realizing that keeping my relationship from my mother isn't sustainable . i'm not a good liar. eventually, the truth has to come out, because i cannot live like this. problem my mother would hate my boyfriend. being a narcisist, she can't stand when i give anyone more attention or devotion than her.
it seemed like there was no recognition of my emotional state and like he just wanted me to be quiet. that scares me. he claims he was trying to help comfort me, but i really am having trouble believing that. this is the second time something like this has happened. the first time was when we were arguing and it was getting really heated.
i can't escape the persistent pinging of unending emails and mounting deadlines, and every second i'm not catching up feels like another brick being added to the tower of stress and expectation i'm already carrying. it's as though every breath i take is being snatched away, leaving me gasping for an unobtainable sense of calm and control.
i thought i did well but i was severely depressed. that weekend was my birthday weekend and he made it miserable. he said i was a brat to ever think that it was a special day. i received the silent treatment from him and him being drunk and telling me that i'm worthless and don't do anything for him. i didn't even get a gift or affection.
the thoughts that have been pouring into my head theses past few days are terrifying. i wonder what driving my car off the side of the freeway would feel like. the relief that would come at the end. i feel so hopeless i don't want to feel this way anymore. i wish i had a gaping wound so i could go into the hospital and they could fix me.
i don t know what to do. my stress levels are so high that my hair is falling out and i have to stop myself from randomly crying. i m not saying i have it worse than anyone else, but i d really like help figuring out how to better manage. the meds i m on to combat my hair loss worked great for months but even those aren t helping as much
as i recover, i am in a great deal of conflict. i am scared to remember that year. i am frightened of what might be there. and i feel guilty for not remembering that year, too. i go way down the rabbithole, sometimes, wondering if i am crazy and nothing happened and my ex was right, because there are so many things i can't remember, now.
he came home from who knows where and he walks in. i asked him where he had been because i was starting to get worried. he was mad, i could see it in his eyes and hear it in his voice. next thing i knew he was behind me with his arm around my neck squeezing. he continued as he threw me on the couch and wrapped his legs around my stomach.
i've never done this before but we always stay at my house, so maybe the odds are just greater here? after she told me about it in the morning i feel like pure shit. she said my eyes were open and i don't know if she believes it was accidental... how can i manage this situation? that's all i really need to know, i don't know what to do.
i m stressed due to work any advice so i m currently working more then 50 hours and barely getting a day off due to someone deciding to quit while i was on holiday and to top it off we don t have a manager and i ve been left in charge of the place with barely any training and support, it s affecting my personal life and my mental health
i ve been leaving lights on at night both in the main rooms and my bedroom. the fear is both physical and emotional. i m so jumpy at work and at home. i feel like i m seeing things everywhere and little waves of panic wash through me all day. i m really just finding this incredibly difficult right now and needed to write it out i guess.
one possible thought from a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion could be i can't keep going like this. the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations is draining my energy and affecting my health. i need to take a step back, reassess my priorities, and find ways to manage my stress before it becomes unmanageable.
i feel like my mind and body are on constant overdrive, with every second bringing a new pressure, expectation, and demand. i'm constantly running on empty, yet there's no escape from the relentless grind of daily life. sometimes i wonder if this is just the new normal, or if there's a way to find peace and tranquility amidst the chaos.
for a while now, i have been getting very little sleep. maybe an hour or two at the most every night. i m exhausted throughout the day despite being at work surrounded by very enthusiastic people 6 days a week. yet when i get home and i m alone, i can t sleep even though i am so tired. my worries and my stress is constantly nagging me.
i had another friend come out and tap on my window, scaring me. he didn t know what happened, and when he asked me what was wrong i just started to cry. i felt stupid and ashamed. through the sobs i told him what happened, i even told him that my rapists did it to me. he was supportive and sweet and it made me feel so much more guilty.
stress is mostly created by the people around us do you all agree that stress is mostly created by the people around us? i had this one job that was not really that important but people were constantly bugging me but i have new job where i have to make split important decisions but people are very chill and my stress has gotten better.
i work full time, but the money i'm spending just to get by is preventing me from saving up to get a place and get ahead again. i'm 30, and i've never been in this spot before, always been successful and had a good life. but now i'm here, and i have no idea what to do. not sure what i'm expecting out of this post. just venting i guess.
i'm sure that there are many people worse off than me in this kind of situation but i just can't stand this feeling anymore. i just want someone to choose me for once, instead of just being stuck with me. unfortunately, i have no idea how this could happen. tl dr i don't want to feel lonely anymore but i have no idea how to fix myself.
what are some techniques you use to lower your stress but still maintain focus on your work and goals? lately everything has just been super stressful. i find myself thinking about the stress itself instead of the work. i love what i do, but i want to learn how to keep a healthy amount of stress for a better quality of life. thank you
i have therapy, i'm on medication. it's so hard to just get through a week without thinking of him and now i can't stop picturing his stupid face. i want to crawl into a hole and just cry and scream. it sucks even more because i won't be able to see my therapist this week because of the 4th of july holiday. i'm so shaken up over this.
does your stress cause anxiety? does your stress cause anxiety? every morning my muscles are all tense and i have a tension headache especially after a stressful previous day. by the evening this has almost gone, probably at 10 20 of what it was in the morning and then in the morning it just resets back! doing my suede in! any advice?
another issue is that both women are on the autism spectrum. my wife is quite high on it and the woman is quite low on it. my wife seems to think that there is nothing wrong with our marriage but we have not been intimate for 10 years. it's really hurting. i just don't want to hurt anyone but i know deep down that it's me that's hurt.
i was having a fucking panic attack.once we payed and where done, we went into the thrift store to tell my mom we where done. i finally told i was having a panic attack because he threatened to smack the crap out of me. he threatened you? i could tell by my tone she doesn't believe me. we're probably not coming here anymore she said.
but part of me fears that coming back out there i'll find a suicide. he's talked about it a lot and has plenty of guns. i had to take his kimber .45 raptor and kimber .380 yesterday so i didn't have to worry about him shooting the dog. but they were just left o the counter cause i'm no thief. i just... don't know what to do y'all....
in the relentless tide of responsibilities, i struggle to keep my head above water, feeling like the weight of the world rests on my shoulders and that one more task might shatter my already fractured focus. i yearn for the serenity of peace and calm, but the constant whirlwind of demands leaves me depleted and longing for a respite.
every minor detail feels just so overwhelming that i feel suffocated and panicky all the time. i imagine others here have gone through something similar, so i wanted to ask about your experience with grad school applications. how did you survive? how did you preserve your mental health, and do the best that you could? thanks so much.
however, this was 5 months ago and i have heard nothing about the referral. things are going downhill not with my eating, which is good! , but my ptsd symptoms are loud. i'm not sleeping, my self harm has escalated and i'm struggling to leave my house. i'm also just about to lose my job because the company i work for is going under.
some times it feels like my dreams will never go away. i have regular dreams about my ex. usually a few dreams every week. sometimes the dreams quiet down and some times they occur every night. he was abusive to the point where he tried to kill me while i was laying in bed one night, and he was very physically abuse every other day.
again, i worry they'll say that if i'm sexually active, i should be able to do this just fine. could i get them to only not leave the room or open the door where someone walking by could see me? could i ask them to tell me everything as they're doing it? so i'm somewhat prepared for everything? could i get them to stop if i need it?
since i knew him i haven't had active suicidal thoughts. even now. i hate how i am and i wish i could die right now, but i don't have the drive to do it myself anymore. how do i leave him if i know that life without him has been and will be a worse circle of hell? fuck my fucking life if i had the money i'd hire a hitman to do me in
fuck you for getting money through your job while doing literally nothing to help your patients. fuck you for being an absolutely useless bigot. this town is small and i will suggest everyone i know to never, ever go to your damn fucking clinic you dick. x200b time to get a new doctor and see if i can finally get someone to listen.
what they can do to alleviate stress and reclaim their peace of mind. i'm feeling overwhelmed by deadlines and responsibilities, my mind is in a perpetual state of worry and anxiety. but i know that taking a few deep breaths, going for a brisk walk, and practicing mindfulness meditation can help me calm my mind and regain my peace.
person sighs deeply i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, deadlines, and obligations. my mind is constantly racing, and i can't seem to catch up. even when i take time for myself, my thoughts won't let me rest. i'm exhausted both physically and mentally. i just want some peace and calmness, but it feels impossible to achieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to mount higher. each passing day brings new challenges, and i can't help but feel like i'm constantly playing catch up. the weight of expectations is taking a toll on me, and i'm struggling to find the energy and focus to keep going.
i don't want to be anxious in drawing class. it's supposed to be my escape, my one place where i can do what i want and be who i choose. instead it's turning out to be a trigger for anxiety. i refuse to drop my drawing class i've already committed to trying to be an artist. what kind of artist doesn't take drawing in high school?!
i don't know if i'm able to do that, since i didn't tell the doctor the truth to begin with. i will say that my doctor very clearly didn't believe me at my follow up appointment, but my bf was in the waiting room. so i didn't admit to anything. i was teary eyed, however. from anyone's experience is it worth it to go to the police?
severe chronic stress. can medication help? hi i have had a series of extreme stress and my stress response is broken. my head hurts, i feel agitated, and can't think clearly, my muscles ache too, and i lack empathy. is there anything that can break this out? i've had it for months after getting out of dpdr. medication? thank you.
i want to talk about this because i have no support group, and my wife can't handle much more. my uncle lives very close to me in nh. i want to get a news station to take my story but they say it was to long ago. i will be posting more under the title username my hope is you will read this comment, and maybe it's happened to you.
the thought of leaving my folks behind would definitely not be good for me mentally. i've thought about basically living out of my car, gym memberships to shower daily and laundromats to wash my clothes. perhaps put all my stuff in storage and just keep working and save some money up. i live on long island btw. rent isn't cheap.
conducting a workshop on stress management for the learning disabled and what you can do to help! anyone interested in a capacity to help may join. if you re interested, you can dm me if that s allowed and if you re comfortable with it or send me an email on ishas8300 gmail.com it is on 3rd august, 6 30 8pm indian standard time
i've been thinking about this for weeks and have talked about it with her on numeral occasions and i feel like i'm losing my mind. i just don't know what to feel right now and i'm an emotional wreck. am i overthinking or it are these reasonable things to worry about? tl dr worried what people will say about my girlfriend and i.
my friends and family don't understand why he is so jealous and controlling because they know when i'm in a relationship i'm faithful. im ready to take him out of my life, but what should i do? when hes angry i don't know what extent he would go to. how should i handle it? ignore him or communicate calmly so he doesn't get mad?
i feel like i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities. every day is a fight just to keep up, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace. the weight of the world is on my shoulders, and i don't know how much longer i can bear it. i need a break, but the thought of taking time for myself feels like a luxury i can't afford.
i used to always feel i loved him more than he does with me, that was a common fight. and it turned out to be sickly true. i care so much for that man, i place myself in his shoes and feeling the pain he must be feeling being alone. i know this is sick of me, but how do i stop this?! i shouldn t feel bad for what he did right?!
does anyone else experience parts of their ptsd this way? x200b is this truly avoidance or is this dissociation? i tried to do some digging and pin down what i am experiencing so i can communicate with my husband more effectively but it isn't something that seems to fit nicely into a box and so it has been confusing. thank you.
3 this is the big one. i'm currently unemployed, as i was in school paid for by the department of rehabilitation , so i cannot meet any income requirement. even places that overlook my felony won't budge on this. to top it off, i have nobody who is both able and willing to co sign. i've tried offering more up front to no avail.
person i'm feeling overwhelmed with everything that's been happening lately. it feels like i'm constantly running on empty and i can't seem to catch a break. the thought of dealing with another day leaves me feeling drained and defeated. how do i find the strength to keep going when it feels like i've got nothing left to give?
let alone his assault charges from beating her, right? if it did, what would be her options with the issue of the lease she wouldn't be able to afford? i desperately want to help her with this situation. i feel like if i can help her and choose not to, anything that happens to her becomes my fault. i refuse to let that happen.
i'm new to this so please forgive me. i'm not very good at expressing my emotions. i need advice help. i was molested multiple times by my biological dad when i was 5 up until middle school so like 10 yrs old . after many times in the past telling my mom that my dad had touched me weird my mom had gotten annoyed and mad at me.
very stressfull job so i'm an engineer for a factory and we are super busy. it is my job to start the production machines and keep them running everyday. i work 70 hours a week and i'm so tired. everyday something goes wrong and work expects me to stay late all week. i already work 10 plus hours a day. i don't know what to do
consider how being mindful, focusing on the senses, and doing deep breathing can help manage stress. i'm feeling swallowed by deadlines, emotions, and expectations, and my mind is in constant turmoil. a moment of stillness, focused senses, and deep breaths remind me of the present and restore a sense of calm amidst the chaos.
describe your experience and what action you plan to take to alleviate it. i am feeling inundated with deadlines, errands, and responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and incapable of handling it all. to regain control and ease my stress, i will prioritize tasks, delegate where possible, and focus on one thing at a time.
person sighs deeply i can't keep going like this. every day feels like an endless barrage of tasks, deadlines, and demands. i barely have time to take care of myself, let alone my family or hobbies. i'm constantly feeling behind, stressed out, and mentally drained. how can i find balance and relief in this never ending cycle?
i'm not exaggerating in that i legitimately, 100 , thought i was going to die. i don't think i've ever been so scared. i keep a diary and reading back on what i wrote at that time makes me cry at the memory. something else new i've been experiencing is numbness. i've never felt numb before but it's been happening more lately.
i have bipolar 1 disorder and cptsd. i literally overwhelm lcsws and mfts with my symptoms. they have no idea where to begin because it isn't their expertise they are generalists! when i was able to choose my provider, i could choose someone who specializes in cptsd or bipolar 1. i could do dbt, emdr, or somatic experiencing.
apparently it doesn't work that way. i don't drink or do drugs anymore which didn't help keep me safe at all btw so there is nothing to blur it out. i just have to live with all the horror and memories and i hate it. tl dr i hate myself and the life i led. i'm ashamed i didn't figure out that things could be different sooner.
i seem to have these bouts of anxiety. i'm not constantly anxious but if something worries me enough there's a good chance i'll start on this downward spiral. when i get like this not only do i start worrying i get this terrible feeling. all i can describe it as is like a heavy dark feeling. it's very hard for me to shake it.
thought i feel like i'm stuck in a endless loop of work and responsibilities, with no end in sight. my mind and body are drained, and i can't seem to find the energy or motivation to push through. i'm worried about the impact this is having on my health and relationships. i need a break, but it feels like there's no way out.
i'm unable to do anything i can't even look forward to eating dinner with my family. my stress is so crippling that i am bedbound. i haven't spent time with frens in 1,5 years. even my hobbies ruin me. they say i'm depressed, but i don't agree. this began when i was optimistic, but that is slowly dying due to my zero energy.
i was also forced with threat of prison time to get asleep apnea test. fastest response from the va i ve ever seen. within 36 hours i was diagnosed and set up with a cpap machine. matches up with my ex wife s thoughts that i don t sleep more than 30 min before coughing myself awake and throwing fists. burn pits fucking suck.
the problem is is that the kinds of mistakes i have made are the ones i can't even fix, because i won't be on shift to. i don't know what to say to be helpful, and to diffuse tensions. i am pretty sure all of my coworkers hate me. just like everybody always has. i have already had panic attacks 3 different times at work now.
through work i have been in some dodgy situations abroad. a number of times my life has been at risk, and i've had to defend myself a few times. i'm a civilian and have only had basic weapon training. x200b we've always had an ex military security contractor with us, but still had to perform aggressive roles when approached.
i'm in college now and got high last night and felt pretty sad. i'm a wreck. i thought i've overcome this all but i'm just feeling alone again. after trauma i started isolating myself and attaching to creative work to get a sense of worth. i declined socially by a lot and can't feel connected to anyone past a surface level.
trauma changed the trajectory of my life. but i don't know if i would feel this way about my options if i wasn't anxious and wounded. my ex and i broke up because he never liked to leave the house, even for daytime activities. i wonder sometimes how i am going to feel when i hit middle age. am i going to feel like i do now?
it was no longer just about the life and love we were building together. it was no longer about us, it was about me and trying to fill this hole within myself. if she would just want me, make me feel wanted, i could baptize myself in it and finally let go of all this guilt and self hatred. this male shame. it s complicated.
she is in need of some house repairs and a reliable car. her fixed income and family support isn't enough to get everything done. the van she s driving has some serious problems. the transmission is dying and there's no heater or defroster. the lights, blinkers, and brakes don't always work right due to electrical problems.
i wish i could go back and just not fuck up so horribly. i was begged not to go out on this date from tinder. my friend was raped off tinder and told me all guys want are sex off tinder. i had talked to my assaulter and told him i didn't want to be touched and he was fine with it and seemed perfectly normal . i'm so stupid.
i feel like i'm hit a wall. i've been pushing myself too hard, trying to accomplish too much, and i'm starting to feel overwhelmed and drained. i need to take a step back and reassess my priorities, but i'm not sure where to begin. everything feels heavy and impossible. how do i find the energy and motivation to keep going?
the past few nights i have been drifting off to sleep and then i get the sensation that i'm falling and jerk awake. this happens for hours. i forget the scientific name for this, but it doesn't really matter. i've had it happen before to me, but never like 50 times in a row that prevents me from sleeping. like fucking why?
either way, i can t see anyone genuinely liking me. my mum sincerely told me she loved me a few days ago, and i had a hard time believing that. i hate to diminish her own thoughts and feelings, but i felt as though she s deluded to be able to love me. anxiety sucks. i wish i could look at things rationally and objectively.
i need some advice here. i'm not sure if my insecurities have run wild or if i'm justified in thinking my boyfriend is being out of line. he met this girl through friends who set them up and for their first date they went jogging. weird, i know, but it's her hobby and he wanted to get into it. they'd never met before this.
i didn't want any of this.. i literally had no choice in any of this!!! if i didn't have kids i would not be here, 100 . i pray every night that i would just die in my sleep... then lol no sleep, no death, just lots of screaming in my head and ruminating anxious thoughts, bad memories on top of bad memories. this is hell.
hardly any jobs there too. so maybe even the next town over is the only place age could find a job. i have a car, not very reliable car, at that. so she has a place to stay until she gets on her feet but no transportation. no licence to trek that 20 miles back and forth up and down the mountain even if she did get a job.
i never had that symptom before and i just want to know if anyone else has, what has helped manage your dizziness? for me it will trigger panic attacks which i hate so much. i've tried zofran for nausea that did nothing prob cuz it's anxiety nausea not stomach nausea . are there any meds for dizziness or vertigo? thanks!
is it more than that? i have been considering finally confessing my secret because it feels like i am choking on it. i repress it as much as i can, but when it bubbles to the surface, it effects everything in my life. thank you for listening reading. i need help and i need to find the right way to deal and approach this.
i m going to kill myself. i can t take this anymore. i was doing so much fucking better lately, and just like a snap of a finger, i am disassociating harder then i ever have before. it comes out of nowhere, when i m having an other wise good day. no anxiety or depression but out of nowhere i get extremely disassociated.
how can this reflection serve as an invitation for others to care and act compassionately? i'm feeling pulled in every direction, my plate is full to the brim, and the weight of responsibility is crushing me. it's a challenge to keep up, and i could really use the kindness and understanding of those around me right now.
but there you were, laughing and being affectionate with your newest victim. same dark hair, same bubbly personality. she's a prettier, skinnier version of me. everything you made me believe i needed to be but could never change. i was visibly shaking as i tried to remain calm in front of the new guy i have been dating.
i had suicidal thoughts while working at the island. i had to cut it short and come back home. i was too sad to continue. eddy and i reunited, and i assumed we were back together since it seemed so. when he got drunk he would literally switch back and forth to being happy and giggly to wanting to die and hating himself.
unfortunately, money is what me and her don't have now. my friends' help has dried up, and i don't blame them one bit for that. after five months, i've exhausted pretty much all the friends i can. going into every little thing that has happened could fill a book. maybe i will write a book about it someday, i don't know.
i'm afraid of losing who i was. i went into the bathroom and looked into the mirror and for the first time in a year, i feel like i saw my own reflection. i know the battle isn't won, and i've got a long way to go, but something just snapped tonight. i understand what you're all going through. we're all in it together.
hi, i will not have a home in a few weeks . i'm living with an abusive, drug addict roommate whom has constantly stolen from me. i have asked cops etc to help and i'm told restraining order. well, i figure i'm just going to leave when away from me. i'm mentally and physically exhausted, but i know i cannot endure this.
like the title says, i m rapidly losing motivation. i recently switched collages to be closer to home, so i could be closer to family. and my depressive spirals are coming more often, mainly because of the lack of work i do. i always end up doing things at the last damn minute. my freshman year i tried my best, almost.
he loves them and treats them like gold. i love the type of father he is but i hate the way he treats me. i have no one to open up to or go to if i even tried to leave him. i m tired of him abusing me mentally and physically me. he has cheated on me several times and each time it knocks my self esteem lower and lower.
i was terrified and scared and couldn't get away. she just said he was joking around but it was horrible. i get a sting of panic and fear if anyone pinches me today. i can't even use a lighter without fear of it fire is fine, it's just that kind of lighters . i also panic if anybody raises their voice or sounds angry.
i also want to set the record straight with my family. what should i do? tldr i dislike my mom for legitimate reasons. she's telling my family it's because my head is all messed up from my mental illness. it's gotten back to me and is making me angry and making me feel victimized and weird about myself all over again.
i m tired of watching the days waste away before me because i m so useless. i m useless from the insomnia, the depression, anxiety and lack of motivation. my chronic illness has destroyed my life, the resulting ptsd has only made it worse. i don t know where this post is going. i don t know what any comments will say.
the past few months especially have been hard on me. i think about her often, not even necessarily in a sexual manner, but i miss her. even more so, the fantasies have started up again. i have vivid, detailed dreams about her sexually, and they upset me throughout the day, and i don't know what to think. any advice?
i was completely on my own by 14. when she felt the cuts on my wrists in the dark on night she asked if i was cutting ? i said no and she never said anything again. i could go on and on. i think she truly believes that because i am an adult now that all the screw ups all the pain i have been through is my own fault.
i'm assuming i have ptsd and my work gave me a number to call and i'm debating doing so. but i hate asking for help and i feel pathetic because nothing happened. i'm physically fine. i just really need advice because i'm struggling on how to feel. i don't know why i can't just brush this off considering i'm alright.
my anxiety was never too bad, lots of what ifs and such. but every summer i come home from school, or it gets so much worse. i love school. i love learning computer science, i love working on my projects. but this small town has 0 cs options for jobs, so i'm stuck working these dead end temp factory jobs all summer.
survey about stress for my thesis, only takes 5 min hello guys! if you have the time, i would appreciate if you could fill my survey for my thesis, it only takes 5 min. thank you! https erasmusuniversity.eu.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 43n2pryzzlsojmq https erasmusuniversity.eu.qualtrics.com jfe form sv 43n2pryzzlsojmq
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always more to do than hours in a day. the pressure is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of how to move forward.
sometimes it feels as though my mind is a never ending stream of to do lists, responsibilities, and expectations. the weight of it all leaves me feeling powerless and overwhelmed, unsure of how to manage it all. in these moments, i yearn for peace and a clear mind, longing to be free from the burden of my thoughts.
share an action step for managing that stress or a strategy for feeling more calm and focused. i feel like i'm drowning in obligations and deadlines, with no end in sight. to regain control, i'll take a deep breath, prioritize my tasks, and tackle one at a time, allowing myself adequate time and focus for each one.
i've always connected my self worth with how well i do in school. right now, i'm failing the last class i need to graduate. the final exam is 2 semester worth of stuff that i never really understood. this is my last chance to graduate. if i don't pass i wont get into the grad school that conditionally accepted me.
in what way does chronic stress affect your brain's ability to function brain fog ? i am just wondering, because i have some problems with thinking focusing remembering 24 7, and i am also quite a stressful person, so i figured that chronic stress may be the main culprit. view poll https www.reddit.com poll u9k398
i have a fear of fainting so i was like what if i fainted from so much fear during this test and next thing you know, worst panic attack of my life during the quiz and i failed it. we have the test the next week and same thing happens, but less intense. i got a d on it. now i have a d in the class. i am teriffied.
in my mind i am in control of this, i don t feel i have to try. i can get away. it s like i m using drugs to escape but i m not on drugs i m just dissociating to a place i want to be. i feel that if i was forced to be in reality i d be just as angry and terrified as a drug addict in rehab. i don t know what to do.
he would call me by the name peepee until i was 21. i asked him to stop but he just yells at me. i wish he would die or never talk to me. he also forces me to take medication because i got mad at him because of this. he will just scream at me and threaten to call the police to throw me on the street or something.
cigarettes used to help but they don't anymore. alcohol helps, but then it comes back worse the next day. in the months that it's not happening, i'm well adjusted. i thrive. but then my luck changes, someone starts listening to music next door or revving an old engine in their yard, and all my progress collapses.
how do they try to cope, and what do they want or need? drowning in the relentless tide of deadlines and obligations, i long for a respite, a quiet moment to catch my breath and steady my thoughts. desperately, i cling to the mantra of one thing at a time and focus on finding a balance between work and self care.
but it happened. i literally had to take breathing exercise thingys because i felt like i was gonna pass out, my heart was racing. now not all notifications scare me, like here, i won't really be too concerned. but still. i think the root of the problem is the sheer anonymity of when it alerts you a notification.
two months off of work in my favorite city with limitless money and i am more infuriated than ever. all its done is remove my dissociation and now i have inexplicable rage. i just fucking hate everything. i hate this site, even, and made an ultimatum never to come back. but i have no fucking idea what even to do.
what is nothing is real? what if everything is a figment of your imagination? i panicked, and grabbed the couch, but the voice inside me said it doesn't matter if you grab the couch, what is the couch isn't real? what if your house isn't real? at this time i called my brother, sobbing, and told him to get my mom.
she is very sweet and i love her immensely. i can't leave her where i am currently for fear of her being neglected. she is very attached to me. i will have no choice but to live in my car for the foreseeable future, which leaves me with the issue of what to do with her. i can't keep her locked in my car all day.
this might help you the serenity prayer is one of the prayers that brings peace of mind. it unlocks the optimism oneself and drives the composure while you are focusing on wrong things which you cannot control . continue reading https feellitent.wordpress.com 2023 01 12 take back control with the serenity prayer
this is a really shitty time to need support or therapy because it s a holiday weekend. i m in horrible physical pain, emotionally heartbroken and being ignored by my kids until i turn them back over to him tomorrow. i don t even know why i am posting. i don t know what to expect. i just want to not be so alone.
he hasn't paid any child support. he isn't fulfilling the courts orders that would get him a chance to petition for supervised visitation. it feels like he's completely just disappeared from being a father but i still feel like he's going to come back. even writing about it makes it hard to breathe. is it silly?
hi im a 19 year old kid dealing with agoraphobia over the past year. very boldly said, agoraphobia is the fear of going to public places, sometimes to even leave the house. the past week, some very unpleasant things have happened in my household. i told my parents about what i've been dealing with a while back.
the me too movement i've found to be extremely inspirational and empowering. i am no longer ashamed of what happened to me, but i still don't feel like i'm healing. i was hoping that these flashbacks and the anxiety, fear and dread would go away over time, but they haven't. how do people cope? what do you read?
heat exhaustion symptoms 10 prevention tips summertime is a great time to get out and enjoy the weather, but it s also important to be aware of the risks of heat exhaustion. https negativestress.com heat exhaustion symptoms 10 prevention tips https negativestress.com heat exhaustion symptoms 10 prevention tips
help me network, help me find a room, please! iso a room for rent as soon as possible. looking for a roommate type situation, a room in someone's house, etc. not looking for full houses or units. i need as soon as possible i'm dealing with an emergency situation and am losing my housing on friday, august 11th.
stress management life is full of stress. it is what drives your body s natural fight or flight response, which aids you in protecting yourself from individuals, situations, and events that put your survival in danger. stressmanagement https onlinemkt.org stress management https onlinemkt.org stress management
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations. each day brings new challenges, and i fear that i'm spreading myself too thin, struggling to maintain a semblance of balance in my chaotic life.
i wonder what i would be like if i had gotten help earlier on. here's where i could use some input i don't consider myself mentally ill. i hate the word. if someone asked me if i was, i'd deny it but i know i have ptsd and i guess that does make me ill by definition. will i be considered mentally ill forever?
use literary devices e.g., metaphors, similes, alliteration to add depth and meaning to your reflection. in the mire of my daily obligations, my mind resembles a tangled garden of thorns, its once blooming thoughts now withered, while my soul remains ensnared, a prisoner within the fortress of my own anxiety.
these past couple of months have been the worst. my anxiety has gotten so bad it s effecting my sleep and relationship. i ve become so paranoid about my health as well. i don t feel like me anymore and i just feel scared all the time now over every little thing. i don t have money to see a therapist either...
hello all i am about to be laid off. i am currently on a prepaid cell phone plan. i use this basic smartphone for all extra side money and internet. i can barely pay the bill this month but the device is not working well at all as it is old and i spilled a good amount of water on it last night during dinner.
ugh. i just need to tell people who i know will understand what happened. if you can relate, offer support, anything... that would be appreciated. i've been dealing with this disease for years now, and i just had the worst flashback i've ever had. my boyfriend had a long day and was going to sleep before me.
she wont call the cops because her counselor confirmed they would take away her kids her mother took all but one from her now . what the hell can i do? edit she said now i can't tell anyone... i'd let her hate me if it meant getting her safe, but i have no idea what this could do to the kids. very confused.
indefinitely grounded according to my father. how do i proceed with this situation? tl dr parents basically fucking hate me and have called me all sorts of terrible things because i was arrested for small weed possession, and are threatening to demolish my social life. what do i do to improve the situation?
essential oil diffuser not doing its job i got the target brand one today, and im using it as the box instructs, 5 drops , water to the max line and its been a few hours and it doesnt seem to be giving any aromatherapy being an understatement lol. any idea? can i use more oil drops that what is reccomended?
i saw a shadow figure standing in my bedroom door... so i'm camped out in my mom's room. i have bipolar i as well, so it's likely that's the cause of the hallucinations. x200b i can't take this. i've had several anxiety attacks in the last few weeks twice, i was sent home from work about half an hour early.
thought i feel like i'm drowning in obligations and commitments. no matter how hard i try, i seem to be failing at everything. i'm barely keeping my head above water and i don't know how much longer i can keep going. i wish i could just press the pause button on life for a little while and catch my breath.
what do i do? tl dr my fiance completely cuts himself off from our son and me and sulks for days if his sports teams lose. i am tired of having to plan our lives around his teams and cancel plans when they lose, but he doesn't see a problem. i don't know what to do, but i feel like i can't keep doing this.
i think what you need to do, is to prioritize your tasks, take breaks throughout the day to help manage your stress levels, and remember that it s okay to ask for help when things get too much. remember, you re only human and it s important to take care of yourself. self care isn t selfish, it s essential.
its been 9 months now for our marriage and she managed to sleep with me with lights off as i cant even think of sleeping with lights on. now she is pregnant and its 8 months. now she wants to keep lights on in the room which i cant sleep with lights. what should i do ? is that behavior of my wife normal ?
i don't want to leave my house because i know that everyone knows what she's saying about me and everyone believes it. this was all over the fact i blocked her because she was toxic. i'm losing it, reddit. i'm losing my mind. i can't stop crying i can't eat, all i've been thinking about is killing myself.
stress hives how do i get rid of stress hives on my neck shoulders and face. it isn't the kind where they last several days but like when i had a job interview or gave a speech they showed up in the middle and started disappearing a little after i was done. how do i make them not start in the first place?
i'm anxious right now i hope my life won't be miserable this year. i can't believe i have to get my eyes checked because one of them is getting sore. my life should be about me, not about medical doctors. i really love the idea of pain and sickness sarcasm i'm just so bloody sick of the crap. i really am.
person i can't keep going like this, the constant pressure and endless expectations are taking a toll on me. my mind feels heavy and clouded, i can barely focus or make decisions. i want to break free from this exhaustion and find inner peace. is it too much to ask for some respite from the chaos of life?
its been 9 months now for our marriage and she managed to sleep with me with lights off as i cant even think of sleeping with lights on. now she is pregnant and its 8 months. now she wants to keep lights on in the room which i cant sleep with lights. what should i do ? is that behavior of my wife normal ?
havnt had one in years. after it was done i couldnt stop thinking about what if it was actually a brain tumor. what if im going to die a slow and painful death? in reality migraines plague my mothers side of the family, both her and my brother get them here and there. but anxiety doesn't listen to logic.
i know there are a lot of bad stories on here about therapy. but i was wondering about good experiences. my own experience was six weeks ago. i slipped and went on s bender, i fell into a depressive, suicidal crisis. i phoned every crisis line that exists, for ten hours, well getting drunker and drunker.
i feel like i've failed. i keep having this fear that i've made it all up. everything. that i made up the rape, and made up the traumatizing feelings, made up the emotions. i'm afraid that i just have a very sick, sick dramatic mind that is just making up terrible shit to try and destroy me or something?
i won't defend myself, i know i shouldn't have raised my voice and i should have left much much earlier. i know who i am. that said.. every day, i see a look that tells me a person i know loathes me. a thin veneer of social platitudes to cover a roiling hatred. i don't know what to write past this point.
i'm trying to fill out the claim of exemption that came with the notice of levy packet that arrived yesterday. i'm extremely uncomfortable with this as so much is on the line. google is useless. the best i've found are instructions stating to fill out the documents duh! . can anyone walk me through this?
for the dog, at least, i can get stuff for cheap dog food or something, but the cat we'd need cat food. all of this weighs on my mind. with my anxiety, i keep going over it in my head again and again. i know i need to see a therapist, but you guessed it, no money. i'm really hoping someone can help out.
my nephew came over today and he has a bunch of bug bites on him. his mother is insisting they are flea bites but i posted pictures earlier and was told they look like bed bug bites. idk what to do. i'm having a mental breakdown or something. i already have crippling depression and this is breaking me.
i need information. as emotional as i am right now, i know i'm not thinking straight and am probably missing something as i research on my own. any advice, any info, any resource, or organizations that i can apply to to help pay for this is greatly appreciated. i'm in kansas if that helps... thank you.
both of these were poor choices. it just exacerbated the situation. i had vases, game controllers, tv remote, coffee mugs, etc thrown at me on varied encounters. this is not an exaggerated list.. i tried to leave and she blocked the door with her body, threatening to kill herself on one such occassion.
kinda interesting how even when i m not feeling awful, tiredness still makes me ruminate and feel angry. hm. i wonder if it s the biological sleepiness or if it s kinda a pavlovian response because i m so used to having terrible feelings when i sleep? probably kinda both. anyway, how are you all doing?
i feel as though the weight of the world rests on my shoulders, with each new task and expectation adding to the burdensome pile. every breath brings with it a sense of pressure, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable. it's a struggle to keep up and find moments of respite amidst the chaos.
i just feel really left out by someone who is supposed to be one of my best friends. is it too late to say something? should i even say anything at all? tl dr friends threw a birthday party for themselves on my actual birthday, didn't include me as a 'birthday girl' but invited me to the party anyways.
i don't have any point, i'm just overwhelmed and want to give up. no one's going to read this long of a post anyway. i don't want to tell my therapist, i don't want to go to therapy. it feels artificial and contrived and uneven. when i google all this shit the internet is like that's the ptsd talking.
so i don't believe she's telling me the real reason shes pressuring me to have another baby i am going to leave it here, please ask, i made a fake account so i can be honest as possible. here are my primary concerns though 1 the day care incident with money. i feel like i cant trust her with finances.
i've been trying to act like nothing happened but i can't stop thinking about all this. i feel weird that i'm even thinking about it so much. i should just brush it off. everyone keeps telling me i should go for it. even my guy friends, which i assumed would agree with me feeling gross about all this.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and expectations weighing heavy on my shoulders. the clock seems to tick louder with each passing second, reminding me of the relentless pressure to perform. it's an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
which forced me to acknowledge that i haven t been performing to my own expectations. enter the anxiety attack. sobbing, shaking, fidgeting, and rambling. to top it all off, i threw away my xanex thinking that i didn t need the safety net. i thought i was done with all this...reality proved otherwise.
the demands on my time and energy are greater than ever. i long for a sense of balance and relief. amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities and obligations, i am left gasping for breath. the weight of expectations presses heavily upon my shoulders, leaving me yearning for a tranquil moment of respite.
i'm currently in the thick of balancing work, family, and personal commitments, and it's starting to feel like an insurmountable burden. every day brings new challenges and expectations, leaving me feeling drained and overwhelmed. i long for a moment of peace and respite to regain my focus and energy.
thought i feel like i'm drowning in this sea of obligations and expectations, and every time i try to take a breath, another wave crashes over me. i'm starting to lose touch with who i am and what brings me joy. how can i keep up with everything without sacrificing my mental health and personal life?
but the days leading up to the test were the worst. i couldn't sleep 2 nights in a row and had to call in sick to work. i had a near panic attack and was unable to eat much as i felt like throwing up. before the test my hands were shaking and my heart was racing. i was really not in a state to drive.
do i just need to forget about the dumb girlfriend incident and stop assuming that he thinks i'm stupid? and how do i do that? help! tl dr because of an unfortunate incident earlier in our relationship i sometimes have a hard time believing that my boyfriend thinks i'm smart. how do we navigate this?
someone else s suffering ensued. i feel immense sadness and guilt now. i am confronted by the memories and the recognition that to this day the experience became part of who i am. it made me stronger, as facing fear and trauma can do. but i also internalized a sense of profoud fear and vulnerability.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. the pressure to meet deadlines and fulfill responsibilities is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being. i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the weight of it all is starting to bear down on me.
help w project i'm working on to help people alleviate stress and pain your feelings amp viewpoint i'm working on a project and would really appreciate your input. if you can help please link to short survey. 5 or so questions here survey https api.leadconnectorhq.com widget form iac7kpqbnrkw8ahextjc
my bond about was about 100 less than my whole savings. first place i went after getting out of jail was my work, my boss told me if i had got out 2 days earlier i would still have my job. i'm about to do something stupid out of frustration and anger. i was so close to getting off the streets. fuckkk
i usually vocalize with rocking then i end up pretty catatonic for a while then mute for another couple hours. i'm stuck in the mute part right now. too scared to leave my bed, can't talk, and hoping it ends soon. anyone else wail then go mute? have you found anything that helps get your voice back?
apparently with this new technology, my entire phone shuts down for 5 minutes after making an emergency call. i'm waiting to tell work about what happened, that i can't come in. i'm going to the hospital with her. i don't care if they're mad or if i get fired. i just feel so shaken and scared still.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, trying to keep my head above the waves, but the relentless current keeps pulling me under. every minute feels like an hour, and each task looms larger than the last. i can't seem to catch a break, and the weight of it all is starting to take its toll.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations, the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifying the weight of expectations i've placed upon myself. my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of tasks, each one more urgent than the last, leaving me feeling helplessly adrift in the sea of my own responsibilities.
i'm completely devastated. my cat was just hit and killed by a car. i don't think i'm allowed to bury him in the garden we rent and i don't know what to do. i've searched online and found loads of pet cremation services but they all cost a fortune. i don't have a penny to my name as i'm unemployed.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling drained and incapable of focusing on anything but the next immediate task. each moment is a battle to stay afloat, and the thought of failing to meet even one expectation weighs heavily on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. the pressure is building, and my mind is filled with constant worries and concerns. it feels as though i'm drowning in obligations, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up.
and then i just want it to go away. i dont know what to do about this, i feel like the world doesn't want me to talk about it. it's to uncomfortable for people... but i hate these feelings and they are just the tip of the iceburg that is ptsd. i felt like i needed to say something somwhere though.
do you ever feel like anxiety and depression are a never ending battle that you can't seem to win? here are some ways to treat anxiety and depression! https movexstill.com blog what are the symptoms of anxiety and depression https movexstill.com blog what are the symptoms of anxiety and depression
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up. my mind and body are yearning for a reprieve, but the relentless demand for productivity leaves little room for rest and rejuvenation.
either be my girlfriend or be out of my life my fwb told me. i refused to be his girlfriend so of course, now we re strangers. it s breaking my heart. i want him in my life so badly, as a friend that is. we had a wonderful connection that s hard to come by at least for me and i hate to lose that.
i have had a rough few months. a few years ago i was diagnosed with ptsd after being the victim of a violent robbery. it caused a few panic attacks followed by a day or two of ultra high anxiety, but would always subside. the last 2.5 months in this order i have dealt with the following things 1.
today i came home from and the girls were up and had the halloween candy all over the room. their dad was sleeping alongside them. after a couple minutes of bitching , he says to my oldest, tell your mom to shut up. and so she does. so i get on top of him and i say, don't you ever do that again.
i'm starting to really believe that my brain is the problem here and not trauma. everyone just thinks i'm a dramatic slut anyway, so does it even matter? like maybe they are right? i feel like i'm too embarrassed to even go back to my psych now. today i seriously looked like a total basket case.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. every task seems to pile up, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to make a dent in the endless stream of obligations. the constant pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
this week has been bad. i'm crying over everything. i'm struggling at work to get basic tasks done. i am so heavily overwhelmed by the smallest things. my sink was so full of dishes to the point where i had no clean ones left and because the pile was so high i couldn't go near it and just cried.
do you know you can practice meditation while walking! here is a practice of mindfulness, do meditation while walking or shopping. meditation on the go https roundglass.com living meditation guidedsessions meditate on the go?fbclid iwar1c yaphhvedq7bgmegjman ub1kdovxrn21t38zisup7z89cvnzofzpn0 .
but this incident has been troubling me for a couple of days now. i guess i am just sick and tired of my trauma interfering with my relationships. i feel bad for my boyfriend he shouldn't have to put up with this stuff. i know he loves me and he is terribly worried. but i also feel bad for me.
i m really tired. it seems like the moment that i m starting to recover or i m starting to get some sort of progress. i get triggered and i have to start all over again. it s so hard to see the point in fighting all of this all the time. i still live with my abuser and sometimes i can make it.
if you intervene he will stoop down to the lowest level cursing his sons out with the worst imaginable. first the obvious question, is this domestic abuse? domestic violence? am i imagining this or blowing it out of proportion? i'm in canada, are there any legal avenues we can use to end this?
x200b i'm in our room watching some relaxing youtube videos trying to cheer myself up. my boyfriend wants me to come out and do weekend stuff but the energy is so high out there i think it'll set off an attack. he wants to bad to help but he doesn't know how and i don't know how either. x200b
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to juggle the demands of my personal and professional life. the weight of responsibilities, along with my insufficient time and energy, is pushing me to my breaking point. i yearn for relief, but with each passing moment, the pressure only seems to grow.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily routine. each day brings new challenges and responsibilities, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up. the pressure is taking a toll on me, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace and relaxation.
and i m scared all the time. i get flashbacks from ptsd at home, and now my home is full of these spider and insect memories. and i feel like so few people in my life can really handle this and that s even more isolating. i m sorry. i needed a place to put this down and try and stop crying.
i have the scars, medical records, injuries, memories, and nightmares. i know it's caused me to suffer from cptsd. but has it caused me to lose my mind? i can't remember agreeing to dismiss. i don't understand the response email, and i refuse to assign meaning by reading into her response.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and expectations, i can't seem to find the peace and stillness my mind and body crave. the weight of responsibility feels like a heavy burden, and i'm left questioning if i'll ever truly catch up or if i'm destined to be perpetually behind.
open to drugs i can t take it anymore. my body is tingling with physical and mental pain daily. school and work and family and being 25 years young in this insane and financially uncertain world. i am finally open to drug usage. please tell me what to do opiates morphine ether xanax, etc .
is crying when stressed a female thing? when i m super stressed and i don t know where my life is headed, work sucks, am unhappy with my looks, have no prospects, etc, i cry. i was wondering if other women do this too? do guys do this? or is it a female thing because of our hormones maybe?
nature sounds for sleep, relax, focus, work, read, heal, stress relief this video is to help anyone who is having trouble with distractions while trying to alleviate stress for sleep. rain has always been a great remedy for both. 5 mins https youtu.be uyvk5getwii https youtu.be uyvk5getwii
i know there are are people who have absolutely nothing. i have clothes on my back and a roof over my head, but i m still worried because i don t have gas money to get to work or buy groceries. it s just a very helpless feeling. thanks again to anyone who is reading this. i appreciate you.
i haven't ever been triggered by my grandma until now and even though it made me upset i had a well, it could be worse mentality. so yesterday my grandma got mad. really mad. she started screaming at me, calling me names, and then threw a book at me. this triggered the trauma from my mom.
i had a panic attack and broke down crying in front of my mom. she scheduled me an appointment for therapy and i just feel like bleh. i dont care about getting better right now. my whole body is in shock from that panic attack and i just feel like death. i honestly doubt i will get better
i know this goes a bit beyond r relationships, but i'm also asking for advice on how to deal with this as far as our relationship is concerned. what do i do? tl dr girlfriend's violent, crazy ex fiance is out of jail after beating up his grandparents, and i don't feel safe. what do i do?
i have completely given up hobbies and interests outside work. i do not have time to engage in them. things that i could normal ly do to relax, like exercise or yoga, are absolutely out of the question because i work 16 hours a day. 3. i am frequently sleep deprived due to my work hours.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life. each day brings a new set of challenges, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always more to do than time allows. the weight of these responsibilities is beginning to feel unbearable.
anyway, i feel like maybe i should talk to someone, but i have no idea how to even bring it up with my doctor. how does that work? do i just march in and say hey dr, i think maybe i have ptsd. ? just sounds weird. edit also want to throw in here that i'm not interested in being medicated
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and constantly feeling the weight of unmet expectations. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves little room for rest or reflection, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my inner peace.
i'm constantly chasing after deadlines, and the pressure to perform is suffocating. every moment feels packed with responsibilities, leaving little room for rest or relaxation. it's an endless cycle of stress and expectation, and it's taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere. my mind and body yearn for a moment of respite, yet the seemingly endless to do list keeps me tethered to the present, unable to escape the weight of it all.
i'm overwhelmed with the weight of my responsibilities, my mind a jumble of tasks and deadlines. my anxiety mounts as i realize the hours ticking by without a clear path to completion. i long for a moment of peace and relief, but the relentless pressure pushes me further into the chaos.
looking for techniques to help with stress i am aware of the common things like exercise, meditation, breathing exercises. these don t seem to help me enough and i m curious if there was something someone tried and maybe were surprised it helped their stress. thanks so much in advance.
12. end of january i just didn't have any way to get enough money and we collapse with an eviction process started. 13. working with friends and others we managed to get the money right after the judgement was issues for eviction. this stopped the eviction but we still had a judgement.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, with an endless stream of demands on my time and energy. it's a never ending cycle of stress and pressure that leaves me feeling drained and uncertain of how to move forward.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and keeping up with daily obligations, the relentless pressure of balancing work and personal life leaves me feeling drained and unable to disconnect, as if i'm perpetually treading water in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i once thought i could juggle it all career, family, hobbies, and social life. but now, the balls keep falling, and i feel trapped beneath the weight of expectations. i long for the serene clarity that comes with balance, but for the moment, i'm drowning in the riptide of life's chaos.
stress paralysis i am dealing with a lot of problems at the moment. all financial. how can i face the problems? and stop avoiding them. i do this because of anxiety and lack of finances to pay the bills. but i think i am hurting myself in the end. any strategies around this paralysis?
i had to do some other repairs thanks potholes! that put me even further behind on payments. i can do the brakes myself to save money. i have a friend with jacks and tools. i just really need help getting the brakes, i'm actually getting worried about them now, starting to get spongy.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the weight of unfinished tasks, i struggle to find the energy and focus to make a dent in my overwhelming workload. each passing moment only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of expectations.
i'm constantly trying to juggle the demands of work, family, and personal commitments, but the relentless pressure is beginning to feel unbearable. every waking moment is consumed by my responsibilities, leaving me drained and unable to focus on anything beyond the immediate present.
dae forget their stress management techniques? i'm good at using stress management techniques when i'm trying to unwind on a normal day, but i almost always forget about them when i really need them. does anyone else have trouble with this? how do you remember your go to techniques?
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, and no matter how many hours i dedicate to my tasks, i can't seem to make a dent in the seemingly endless pile of work. my mind is constantly racing, making it hard to focus and find peace in the chaos.
there is so much i can't do because i don't drive and it has impacted my life in such a way that it feels like i am in my own personal prison. i have been to therapy but it doesn't seem to work. so i am asking, have any of you overcome this situation? how did you do it? any advice?
i was venting how pissed off she made me to one of my friends. i didn't know 3m was listening to our conversation. he asked me and my friend what a period was. my friend took him to his mother who was in the kitchen. she just told us to keep an eye on him while she did some things.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i can't escape the gnawing sensation that i'm constantly behind and falling further behind. each new task adds to the mountain of pressure, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to make a dent in it all.
i blame myself. almost all the time. especially when i feel bad, i see the uncomfortable feelings as wrong in the first place, and that it's my fault that i feel bad. this makes me feel worse. when i feel worse because i hate myself, i hate myself for hating myself for feeling bad.
laughing and smiling when less stressed all my life i've been stressed, but today i was sitting in a quiet room for a while, ate a popsicle, and then i suddenly started smiling and laughing, like i couldn't control it. it feels like a lot of weight has been lifted. is this normal?
despite my relentless efforts to tackle each task, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, as the constant ringing of my phone and the incessant ping of new emails only serve to fuel my anxiety and amplify the weight of my responsibilities.
i'm drowning in obligations, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the weight of my responsibilities seems to grow heavier with each passing day. my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and worry, making it difficult to focus on anything but the mountain of tasks looming before me.
i am able to pay back plus interest within a short time frame. if anyone can help me i would seriously appreciate it. i'm extremely stressed out a helping hand would be so amazing. i tried to keep this as short as possible. if you are still reading this thank you for your time.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to catch my breath and focus on what truly matters in this moment. the weight of expectations, both internal and external, is leaving me feeling depleted and disconnected.
im convinced i might die hey, ive had panic attacs for the last 2 years and ive recently found out when writing my stressors what the reason was of them. now writing the down they reduced by a whole 100 . cheez these hyperventilations,chest pain,heart palpitations where no fun.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my responsibilities, and each day brings new challenges that only add to the overwhelming sense of pressure i'm under. it feels like i'm constantly racing against the clock, but the finish line never seems to get any closer.
what is the best cooling weighted blanket for adults? i have been looking for a summer weighted blanket for a while. because i am always hot at night, i haven't been able to find one that keeps me cool as well as having the weighted benefits. does anyone have a recommendations?
i know i want to be treated like a human being, and it's very easy for others to say you need to quit your job asap. stand up for yourself! but it's like leaving a bad relationship...so full of uncertainty and tension. please help. i'm clinging onto the last bit of hope i have.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and each wave crashing against me only adds to the relentless cycle of stress and pressure. the clock ticks away, yet there are never enough hours in the day to catch up or even make a dent in my seemingly endless list of obligations.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as if each task is a boulder adding weight to an already heavy pack. the relentless pressure to perform is suffocating, and my mind is a whirlpool of thoughts and worries, refusing to be still.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal responsibilities have left me feeling drained and drowning in a sea of obligations. i yearn for a moment of peace and tranquility, but it seems elusive in the midst of constant stress and pressure.
i have ptsd from my sexual abuse, and this week has been really hard. really, since dr. ford came out against kavanaugh and the fallout of it. today, though, was really hard. i come home to see my father watching fox news and agreeing that dr. ford is a lying whore. his words.
soothing relaxation by the fireside relaxation for meditation, deep sleep, and anxiety stress relief. 5 min https youtu.be 8g66gkxf5w4 https youtu.be 8g66gkxf5w4 nature sounds for sleep, relax, focus, work, read, heal, stress relief please adjust the audio volume to your taste
a person struggling with stress and mental exhaustion might think something like, i can't keep going like this. every day feels like an uphill battle, and i'm running out of energy. i need to find a way to manage my stress and take care of myself, before i completely burn out.
etc etc etc. . my brain takes this one little choice should i go back in the water and blows it up so big that i spend 20 minutes trying to figure out what i should do, and i end up frozen unable to make any decision. does this happen to anyone else? how do you deal with this?
feeling as though i'm constantly treading water, each day brings new challenges and responsibilities that leave me gasping for breath. the relentless pressure to perform and the inability to find peace in the chaos leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own being.
thought my mind is a chaotic storm, with worries whipping around, drowning out any semblance of peace. my soul craves tranquility, but the relentless cycle of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uninspired. how can i quiet this tempest and find solace within?
i was freaking out. i stood on my back porch for about 30 minutes hyperventilating before i could convince myself that i am in control! i was embarrassing ! i couldn't believe that i allowed myself to get so worked up. but it was not as embarrassing as it i would soon be.....
i can't keep going like this, my mind and body are stretched beyond their limits. i need a break, but how can i just take time off when there are so many things that need to be done? i feel trapped and helpless, like i'm drowning in my responsibilities and there's no way out.
the sensation lasted hours. it seemed like a circulation problem, and i panicked and of course ended up in the er again. this time a doctor came to see me immediately. he wanted to talk about my anxiety. he said he could run some more tests, but he didn't think it would help.
this is my story i feel i should share in the case things every turn bad. when i was a kid my brother use to practice the choke slam. at first it was fun but when i grew up it wasn't. my brother continue to abuse me for years . he called me names and some days i believe him.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling drained and unable to catch a break. each day brings a fresh wave of tasks, and i can't help but feel the weight of it all, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm constantly treading water, juggling responsibilities and expectations, only to find myself drowning in the relentless tide of tasks and obligations. each day brings new challenges, yet the sense of accomplishment remains elusive, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
i walk up to the door, unlock it and open it. it's k. with my boyfriend standing by in sight i ask him what he's doing here. he says nothing but stares at me with this blank stare. then i get this weird gut feeling and ask have you been drinking? in which he shakes his head.
i feel like i can t get rid of stress because it has benefitted me my whole life. stress and anxiety has made me successful in the things that i do. but i m also worried i may be stressing too much. any advice on how i can get rid of stress even though i feel like i need it?
i'm constantly battling the relentless waves of responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations. my mind refuses to find peace, and my body craves rest, but the weight of it all keeps me awake at night.
accounts incredibly overdue. a life entirely unattended to, without organization or care. chaos. i knew none of this. the man he presented to me was one of principle honesty, loyalty, your word is your bond, etc , always ready to protect and serve in whatever way necessary.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and demands, i can't seem to find a moment's peace in the whirlwind of obligations. every waking moment is filled with the weight of responsibility, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the inescapable cycle of stress.
maybe kind of nauseous? not in a normal nauseated feeling. its more like that pit of my stomach, i'm about to get in big trouble, or i'm waiting for the cops to come pick me up or something haha. like, it has that prickle in my spine to it. and that restlessness in my head.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, as if my mind and body are constantly trapped in a never ending loop of tasks and responsibilities. the weight of expectations, both internal and external, is becoming unbearable.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always one more task to tackle. my mind is a chaotic whirlwind, refusing to quiet down, leaving me feeling powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands on my time and energy, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an ever growing list of responsibilities. the relentless pressure is leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of my ability to handle it all.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing another task, and the relentless current of deadlines threatening to pull me under. the weight of expectations is suffocating, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for the tranquility of still waters.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as if each task is a boulder that adds to the mountain of responsibilities weighing me down. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. the weight of my obligations is leaving me feeling trapped and helpless, and my mind is constantly racing with thoughts of what needs to be done next.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. the weight of expectations is heavy on my shoulders, and the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
i'm constantly treading water, juggling responsibilities and expectations, only to feel like i'm drowning in my own inadequacy. the relentless march of deadlines and demands leaves me yearning for a moment's peace, but the silence is as elusive as a mirage in the desert.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands on my time and energy. each day brings a new set of obligations, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to make a dent in the endless stream of tasks. it's as if i'm spinning my wheels, going nowhere.
one second i m thinking, things are just fine. the next i m thinking, i m awful for prolonging this, just do it. it s exhausting. i know i need a bit of a break for some me time at the very least, but beyond that i can t tell what s real and what anxiety. what do i do?
i'm finding myself constantly tethered to my responsibilities, with my thoughts racing and my energy waning. it feels as though i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, and every wave brings another task to tackle, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and stillness.
and november. and then two weeks ago which resulted in heavy head bruising and another concussion that lasted all of the two weeks. he kneed me repeatedly on the head and kicked me in the face as well as punched me several times. i tried to escape. i tried to get away.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, and every moment of rest only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me yearning for a reprieve from the relentless demands on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet there's never enough time or energy to tackle them all. the relentless ticking of the clock only adds to my anxiety, as i struggle to keep my head above water and maintain some semblance of control.
back to stress depression eating lost about 80 pounds since 2019 and now since starting new job 6 months in i can t stop stress eating. gained about 20 pounds in the last 6 months from starting this job now i can t control myself feel like i m going to gain it all back
during a night he came barged into me and my mom's room and started hitting her. i was so confuse and in tears i didn't know what to do, but cry. i didn't get much sleep that night. the abuse continue on for 4 years. there was peaceful time i thought the abuse stopped.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the relentless pace of modern life leaves me feeling drained and unable to keep up. each new challenge adds to the mountain of stress that looms over me, threatening to crush my energy and focus.
meditation to ease the stress of sadness find relief from a heavy heart, which can trigger stress and racing thoughts. this guided meditation https youtu.be qvznh6d7tni will help you explore the emotion of sadness in the hopes that you can learn from it and let it go.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the overwhelming tide that threatens to consume me. the relentless march of deadlines and expectations leaves little room for respite, and i can't seem to escape the suffocating grip of stress.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, as my mind and body are both exhausted and overburdened. the weight of my commitments feels unbearable, and i can't seem to catch a break from the constant demands on my time and energy.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and i feel as though i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities. it's a never ending cycle that leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
how to deal with stress https 4331566654243.gumroad.com l tzjrq https 4331566654243.gumroad.com l tzjrq this comprehensive and easy to follow ebook, that contains a lot of science backed strategies to dealing with stress will improve your overall wellbeing instantly.
i've tried getting new glasses, but that didn't help. blood work came back fine. i have tried medication but only helped with anxiety not focusing issue. some days i just straight out can't focus. luckily, when i'm on auto pilot and distracted, i can get a lot done.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human hamster on a never ending wheel. the relentless cycle of obligations is suffocating, and i can't help but wonder if i'll ever catch up or find some semblance of peace.
hey guys, i'm 31, moved to a new city with my wife for the first time back in october, and am experiencing on and off anxiety for more or less the first time in my life. a couple quick questions 1. how do i know whether i should see a psychologist or a psychiatrist?
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide that threatens to consume me. the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from the peace and joy that once brought meaning to my life.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i long for a moment's respite amidst the incessant demands on my time and energy. yet, with each passing second, the mountain of tasks grows taller, leaving me increasingly paralyzed and uncertain of how to begin.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling like i'm barely keeping my head above water. the relentless pressure to perform is exhausting, and i can't help but wonder when i'll finally be able to catch a break.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of peace and tranquility in the chaos of my daily life. the weight of expectations and the pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own sense of self.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind in a whirlwind of obligations, each day bringing new challenges yet leaving me feeling as if i've barely scratched the surface. the relentless cycle of pressure leaves me longing for the stillness that seems perpetually out of reach.
are you feeling overwhelmed? here's how to eliminate the feeling of overwhelm https movexstill.com blog feeling overwhelmed here are 4 simple steps to eliminate overwhelm https movexstill.com blog feeling overwhelmed here are 4 simple steps to eliminate overwhelm
introducing fidget pro feeling stressed or having trouble focusing? fidget pro is here to help! download now on the app store and google play and start fidgeting your way to a calmer and more productive day. download now. https fidget app.onelink.me qznh 0g9xnd4h
be sure to incorporate the concept of time management into your reflection. losing control of the day, as deadlines pile up and the clock keeps ticking, i yearn for effective time management skills to calm my storm of stress and overcome my overwhelming workload.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster on a never ending wheel, with each passing moment only adding to the cacophony of unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself constantly behind and drowning in responsibilities. each day brings new challenges, yet my energy and focus seem to dwindle, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, i find myself constantly feeling behind, with my mind racing and my body drained. the weight of my responsibilities seems to grow heavier with each passing day, leaving me struggling to keep up.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave bringing new tasks that threaten to capsize my already full plate. the relentless ticking of the clock only intensifies the pressure, leaving me feeling like a balloon on the verge of bursting.
help me... so, it's my 2nd year in med college, 3 months passed and things get tougher and tougher for me. exams approaching faster than train and i have a job temporary to get money and i am late at paying my loans for college... why is life so fcking tough???
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up on top of the old ones. it feels like an endless cycle with no end in sight, and i can't help but wonder if i'll ever be able to catch up and find some semblance of peace.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, both internal and external. each passing moment only adds another item to my overflowing plate, leaving me yearning for a reprieve from the relentless pressure.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep my head above water, the current keeps pulling me under. each new task added to my plate feels like another brick, weighing me down and leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.
i'm feeling buried under an avalanche of tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention and time, leaving me gasping for breath and unsure how to move forward. the weight of it all is beginning to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, i struggle to keep up with the constant influx of tasks, my mind racing with unfinished business and unmet expectations, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to break free from this cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself constantly behind, with an endless list of tasks demanding my attention. the pressure is mounting, and my mind refuses to rest, leaving me feeling trapped and overwhelmed.
feeling trapped by the constant demands of my responsibilities, i can't escape the heavy burden of stress that threatens to consume me. every task feels like a mountain to climb, and the relentless pressure leaves me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i loved this person dearly with all my heart, and it was an extremly tragic and sudden death. i want to go to my doctor but im already in counceling. ive only gone once and my next visit is on wednesday. should i tell my greif councellor? thanks for reading.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding another wave to the relentless tide. my mind and body are exhausted, yet there's always one more thing to accomplish, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i would recommend making the reflection specific and brief. here's an example i'm feeling the weight of a thousand tasks pressing down on me, robbing me of precious energy and focus. the clutter in my mind needs organizing, yet i feel incapable of taming it.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as my mind races with unfinished tasks and my body feels drained. the weight of responsibility is heavy, and it's hard to see a way out of this cycle of stress and overwhelm.
it was all so wrong of me. it started happening when we went to my father's bday weekend and a family member groped me and i remembered that he also did stuff like that. a lot of em did. my partner was sad and fell asleep after i told them. i couldn't sleep.
i'm constantly torn between meeting deadlines and tending to my personal needs, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and responsibility. my mind and body are yearning for a break, but the weight of my obligations seems insurmountable.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, my mind and body are on overdrive, struggling to keep up with the demands of daily life. despite my best efforts, the sense of urgency never subsides, leaving me drained and disconnected from the present moment.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as the weight of responsibilities piles higher and my energy seems to dwindle. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite the relentless march of deadlines, responsibilities, and commitments, i find myself grappling with an insurmountable sense of overwhelm, as if the very fabric of my day is weaving an intricate tapestry of stress that threatens to engulf me entirely.
being overwhelmed with deadlines, responsibilities, and personal expectations, i find myself struggling to catch my breath and stay focused. the weight of all that needs to be done is heavy on my shoulders, leaving little room for relaxation or reflection.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. the weight of responsibilities is heavy on my shoulders, and my mind seems to be in a constant state of turmoil, making it hard to focus on anything for an extended period.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished tasks, and every waking moment is consumed by the relentless demand for productivity. the weight of expectations is suffocating, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and stillness.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, as if every task adds another brick to the towering wall of expectations i've built for myself, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the relentless tide of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to escape the feeling of being trapped beneath an insurmountable workload, with my thoughts relentlessly racing, adding another layer of pressure to an already overwhelming situation.
despite the relentless pressure to perform and the constant bombardment of tasks, i can't seem to find a moment's peace in my mind or schedule. the weight of expectations, both internal and external, leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
not a huge amount of weight, but it was a big deal for me. i was on the treadmill every night for 45 minutes. i was doing good. now i can't be on the treadmill or i start feeling ill again. anyway, after the garbage issue i ended up in the hospital again.
i'm finding myself constantly tethered to my responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving little room for rest or relaxation. each day brings a new wave of obligations, making it increasingly difficult to keep my head above water.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and quiet in the midst of my chaotic life. my mind remains in a constant state of turmoil, making even the simplest tasks feel like an insurmountable challenge.
she was meeting her boyfriend the one before my dad because he was getting out of prison. leaving my dad. so since my mom left you are probably thinking that the abuse stopped there huh? unfortunately no. it was my dad's turn to use me as a punching bag.
health anxiety, chronic stress hi been suffering with health anxiety again, 1 thing after the other, stress anxiety and panic are sky high, jus took my bp, thats sky high too, head and back of neck ache, freaking out, jus can never relax, scared to death
warning messy post, i'm really all over the place, sorry guys. i have a lot on my mind. hope you can make the best of this text. also sorry for any spelling errors, english isn't one of my talents. me and my boyfriend has been dating for over a year now.
i m freaking out and i don t know what to do. i have no resources, my family is worse off then me. and i have to pay for everything on my own including phone and car insurance. someone help, or help me find someone who can. thank you so much for reading.
despite the constant pressure to keep up with endless demands, i can't seem to find peace or escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety. my mind and body feel drained, and i long for a moment of respite in the midst of this overwhelming whirlwind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the daily demands, my mind and body feel like they're drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities. the overwhelming pressure to juggle it all leaves me feeling drained and uncertain of my ability to cope.
but i ve also had a lot of pain and it seems to be getting worse. it didn t use to last as long as it does now, i ve been lying in pain for hours. nothing helps i ve taken painkillers and they haven t helped at all.. should i mention this to a doctor? ?
use 1st person perspective and active voice i can't seem to catch a break today my mind and body are weighed down with endless tasks and responsibilities. my heart races as i try to juggle it all, longing for the moment i can finally escape and breathe.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task adds another ripple to the already turbulent sea of my overactive mind. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the relentless cycle of obligations.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding another burden to my already overflowing plate. the relentless ticking of deadlines and expectations leaves me yearning for a moment of stillness and tranquility.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily tasks, as if every moment is being swallowed by an endless whirlpool of responsibilities. my mind and body are weary, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling disconnected and helpless.
i'm finding myself constantly pulled in different directions, juggling multiple responsibilities, and the weight of it all is beginning to feel unbearable. my mind and body are exhausted, and it's becoming increasingly difficult to focus and prioritize.
the fact is that it is not very common, these numbers, from where i come from tl dr unable to overcome girlfriend's past. in two minds regarding breaking up. she says she will die without me already popped up a cocktail of pills once. nothing happened.
1 hour soothing rain sound relaxing rain sound relax and sleep release stress 1 hour soothing rain sound relaxing rain sound relax and sleep release stress please like, share and subscribe amp x200b https youtu.be whf5aiu1u4s https youtu.be whf5aiu1u4s
despite my best efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep my head above water. the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities is leaving me feeling drained and uncertain where to even begin.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and i fear that i'm spread too thin to handle them all. my mind is constantly racing, and i long for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, i can't seem to make a dent in the endless cycle of tasks. the weight of expectations is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
stitches and masterbating i recently hit a mirror and my artery broke, so stressed but cant do anything that raises my blood pressure, would it be safe to jack off? i have stitches in my right upper wrist btw view poll https www.reddit.com poll ydbges
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and each task seems to multiply before i can even finish one. the relentless pressure is starting to take a toll on me, and i can't help but wonder if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts, the growing pile of tasks and responsibilities feels like a relentless tide, threatening to swallow me whole. each new demand adds to the cacophony of my overactive mind, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing. i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus, and the simple pleasures of life seem to have faded away.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities have left me feeling drained and drowning in an endless sea of obligations. each day brings new challenges, yet the solution to escaping this cycle remains elusive.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mountain of tasks seems to grow taller with each passing day. my mind is a relentless hamster wheel, churning out new worries and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily tasks and responsibilities. the pressure to perform is overwhelming, and each new challenge feels like another mountain to climb, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
i'm constantly pulled in different directions, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations never ceases to demand more. it's a never ending whirlwind, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
this kind of thing just makes me want to stop. why do people go out of their way to be negative to someone asking a question and trying to get help? it stresses me out.. anyone else have this issue or get anxious over this? or am i just being silly?
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i'm struggling to keep my head above water, let alone make progress. the constant pressure is taking a toll on me, and i can't help but feel like i'm failing at managing it all.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of responsibilities. every task feels like a mountain, and my energy seems to dwindle with each passing moment.
he knew about this. he asks me if i want to stop. i'm violently sobbing, so yes, of course i want to stop. he holds me for a couple of minutes. and then he starts talking about t again, even though we'd broken up the sexual arrangement months ago.
i think all this late night studying and the caffeine overload is bound to give me a heart attack i am so fucking sleep deprived. i feel utterly stupid and worthless. give me a break from college and exams. it's been a burnout season for too long.
i literally have never been sick so much. normal ly if i get sick at all it s when allergy season comes, so like once a year. my hair is definitely falling out way more than it normal ly does. has this happened to anyone? i know it s almost over.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the overwhelming tasks piling up, the constant ringing of my phone and the endless stream of emails only amplifies the sense of being trapped in an unending cycle, leaving me feeling powerless and defeated.
i'm constantly pulling myself in different directions, juggling responsibilities and expectations, and the weight of it all is beginning to feel unbearable. each day brings new challenges, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in the chaos.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm barely keeping my head above water. the relentless pressure to perform and produce is draining my energy and threatening to consume me.
i'm finding myself constantly tugged between responsibilities, each demanding my full attention, yet there's never enough time or energy to meet them all. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if drowning in a sea of expectations.
survey on situational stress and music 18 and up i am a research student doing research on situational stress. please help me and complete my survey for this project. thank you! https forms.gle jdguzqmlxrncufxd7 https forms.gle jdguzqmlxrncufxd7
faced with an endless to do list and mounting deadlines, my heart races and thoughts spin in circles, leaving me paralyzed with anxiety. each moment a struggle to stay focused and afloat amidst the swirling storm of obligations and expectations.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me feeling helpless and adrift. my mind refuses to rest, churning with endless thoughts and tasks, making even the simplest of moments feel unattainable.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, unable to escape the crushing weight of expectations and the gnawing fear that i'll never be able to keep up.
despite the constant pressure to perform and the relentless ticking of deadlines, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my thoughts whirling like a never ending merry go round, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle.
i'm finding myself in a perpetual state of anxiety, with each new task adding to the mountain of responsibilities i'm struggling to conquer. my mind refuses to rest, relentlessly reminding me of the countless obligations demanding my attention.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every passing moment adds another wave, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water. the relentless pressure threatens to consume me, and yet there seems to be no escape from this never ending cycle.
i'm struggling to keep up with the demands of my daily life, the weight of responsibilities bearing down on me. my mind is a jumbled mess, my body tired and weak yet, i know i must persevere and find a way to regain control and restore balance.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the weight of expectations feels unbearable. i yearn for a moment of peace and tranquility, but the relentless cycle of stress leaves me longing for an escape.
12 simple tips on how to overcome fear, anxiety, and stress looking for ways to overcome fear, anxiety, and stress? here are 12 simple tips https ascensionemporium.net blogs news how to overcome fear anxiety and stress 12 simple tips . be well.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities and struggling to keep up. every minute of my day is accounted for, yet my mind remains a whirlwind of anxiety and inadequacy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet the clock ticks away, reminding me of the countless tasks left undone. the weight of expectations threatens to crush me, leaving me gasping for relief and a moment's peace.
i'm constantly chasing after deadlines and juggling responsibilities, yet my energy and focus seem to dwindle with each passing day. the weight of expectations is heavy on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily routine, as if the world is spinning faster and i'm standing still. every task feels like an insurmountable mountain, leaving me feeling both exhausted and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm stuck in an endless cycle of overwhelm. the relentless pressure to perform is draining my energy and leaving me struggling to keep up.
despite the constant hustle and bustle of my daily life, i can't escape the feeling of being trapped under an endless pile of responsibilities, each demanding my immediate attention, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to make it all work.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines. every moment is accounted for, leaving little room for relaxation or self care. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and i feel as though i'm constantly playing catch up, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of how to move forward.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling as if i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities. the weight of it all threatens to crush me, leaving me uncertain of how to move forward.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. the pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm constantly pulling myself in different directions, trying to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities. the pressure is mounting, and i fear that i'll drop the ball on something important, leaving me feeling guilty and exhausted.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable. the weight of expectations is heavy on my shoulders, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't keep up. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of endless tasks and expectations, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the mounting pressure.
how do you manage the job stress amp anxiety on a day to day basis? so how do you folks manage the stress of a job and anxiety on a day to day basis? i know most of you would say one task at a time , but i want to know about some real hacks!
i keep on getting crap from non work people about oh just fly. i try to psyche myself up to do it but after the 5 minutes of feeling like yeah i can do it i feel beyond tense. anyone been in a similar spot? what did you end up doing? thanks!
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep my head above water long enough to catch a breath. the relentless pressure to perform is suffocating, and i fear i'll soon be consumed by the tide.
i'm constantly torn between meeting deadlines and tending to my personal life, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities. the relentless cycle of pressure only amplifies my anxiety, making it difficult to find peace and focus.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet no matter how hard i try, the growing pile seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling helpless and drowning in the weight of my own expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a boulder added to the pile, threatening to crush me under its weight. the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
i feel so damaged by my childhood that i feel like i could never be fixed. everything he's said is true about me. i am stupid, crazy, cunt, bitch, whore, and people only want me for my body. i feel so ready to just go. i hate myself so much.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind and unable to catch up. the weight of it all is suffocating, and i can't help but fear that i'll never be able to manage it all.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the constant ringing of my phone and inbox only intensifies the cacophony, leaving me feeling like i'm perpetually treading water with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up. each day brings new challenges, and my mind and body feel the strain. i long for a moment of peace and respite from the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in tasks, my energy depleted, and the relentless ticking of the clock only adds to my mounting anxiety. my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines and expectations, leaving me feeling powerless and disconnected from the present moment.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet the clock keeps ticking, reminding me of the endless cycle of tasks that await, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the relentless tide of obligations.
i feel like i'm going to go insane. i can't stop crying or wanting to pull my hair out or screaming. i can't stop shaking. i'm on medications for anxiety and they help some but not much and not often... ultimately, i know i'm not me anymore.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, while my energy and focus dwindle with every passing day. it feels as though i'm stuck in a never ending loop of stress and pressure, with no escape in sight.
i'm constantly pulled in different directions, juggling responsibilities and expectations, and it feels like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations. my mind refuses to find peace, and my heart longs for a moment of stillness amidst the chaos.
the relentless demands on my time and energy have left me feeling like a ragdoll, frayed at the edges, with each new task adding to the growing tangle of responsibilities rather than bringing me closer to a sense of accomplishment or peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily routine, i can't seem to escape the suffocating weight of stress and the constant mental chatter that leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
amidst the chaos of daily responsibilities, it's disheartening to realize that no matter how hard i try, the mounting pressures and expectations continue to loom, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the riptide of my own commitments.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of juggling work, family, and personal commitments leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind and body are constantly caught in a never ending loop.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. it feels like a never ending cycle of pressure and anxiety, leaving me drained and uncertain if i'll ever find peace.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with deadlines and expectations. despite my best efforts, it seems like i'm always playing catch up, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath, and the endless cycle of demands only amplifies my anxiety and exhaustion.
random stress attacks after recovering from stressful periods i have these small random stress attacks after an extremely stressful time of my life 1 2 years . i think these are caused by random triggers and i do not know how to solve them.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a wave threatening to capsize me. my mind refuses to rest, replaying the day's events and worrying about the future, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained, leaving me feeling helpless and uncertain about how to move forward.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it seems like there's always more to handle. my mind refuses to rest, constantly reminding me of the tasks that await, leaving me feeling exhausted and overwhelmed.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. each new task feels like a mountain to climb, and my mind is constantly racing with worries and responsibilities, leaving me feeling drained and powerless.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly running yet never making progress, and the constant mental chatter only adds to the sense of being trapped and unable to escape.
despite the seemingly endless tasks piling up before me, i can't help but feel powerless against the relentless tide of obligations and expectations. my mind refuses to rest, and my body is a testament to the weight of the world's demands.
i'm constantly juggling multiple responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. my mind is filled with an endless list of tasks, and the pressure to succeed is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like there aren't enough hours in a day to keep up. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my well being, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds to the mounting pressure. it's an uphill battle that feels impossible to conquer, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
feeling weighed down by an endless list of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and find peace in the chaos. my mind is constantly racing, making it difficult to focus on the present moment and find relief from the overwhelming burden.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the pressure of multiple deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, i can't escape the sensation that i'm constantly playing catch up, leaving me feeling both drained and anxious about the mountain of tasks yet to be accomplished.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. the weight of my commitments feels like an unending boulder on my shoulders, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite the constant hustle and bustle of juggling work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of obligations, unable to catch a moment's peace or respite from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations, each one more pressing than the last, leaving me feeling like i'm barely keeping my head above water, and the relentless cycle is beginning to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless march of responsibilities shows no signs of slowing down. each new demand feels like a heavy burden, leaving me struggling to keep my head above the rising tide.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with each passing moment adding another layer of stress to my already overflowing plate.
this time, the school is way bigger and there are so many rooms scattered around the school. just worried that i won t be able to find my class. how am i supposed to know where my room is? this school is so large. i m not ready for this.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or escape the heavy weight of pressure that constantly lingers, leaving me feeling drained and incapable of focusing on anything but the mounting stress.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and constant distractions leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pile of stress.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, each one demanding my full attention, leaving me feeling like i'm barely keeping my head above water. the relentless pressure to perform is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i find myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, while my mind races with endless worries and concerns, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with every new task adding to the mountain of expectations weighing heavily on my shoulders.
feeling weighed down by the constant demands of work and personal life, i'm struggling to keep up and find peace in the chaos. each new task adds to the growing pile, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide.
my memory goes, i panic, breakdown, rock back and forth, sit in closets. it sucks. but it's kind of relieving at the same time because while i'm broken i'm not choosing to be dramatic. i'm not just being manipulative. it's not my fault.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly treading water without a break in sight. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and fulfilling obligations, the relentless weight of responsibilities continues to bear down on me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of endless stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing with tasks, and each new challenge feels like an insurmountable mountain. the relentless pressure is starting to take a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and powerless.
amidst the whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, my mind and body yearn for a moment of respite, yet the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps me tethered to the present, leaving me longing for the peace that seems forever out of reach.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to climb. the weight of expectations is starting to wear me down, and i long for a moment of peace and relief from the pressure.
balancing school, social life and work how to do balance your school and working life? are you working and attending school at this moment and how you balance it? is it even possible to have a social life when you work and go to school?
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of work that feels insurmountable. my mind refuses to rest, relentlessly churning through the endless list of demands, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the constant pressure and the inescapable feeling that i'm falling behind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding more tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and physical well being, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
they re out of town. i live in a pretty safe neighborhood, so i left the door unlocked for 30 minutes while i went on a run earlier. i always do that. now i m wishing i didn t. called two of my friends, but it s late and they re asleep.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the mountain of tasks before me, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained, and the looming deadlines only amplify the sense of being trapped in an endless cycle of productivity.
despite my best efforts, it seems the daily tasks, obligations, and demands on my time have become an unrelenting wave, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and emotionally drained. i long for the tranquility of a simple, uncomplicated life.
living in a state of constant stress and chaos is exhausting, leaving me feeling drained both physically and mentally. i crave the peace and simplicity of quiet moments, hoping for a chance to recharge and reclaim my inner tranquility.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself constantly behind, my mind racing with thoughts and deadlines, and the weight of expectations bearing down on me like an unyielding mountain.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing with a new demand, yet i can't seem to find the shore to rest. my mind and body yearn for respite, but the relentless cycle of obligations keeps me from finding peace.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and demands, i'm beginning to realize that my physical and emotional well being are slipping away, leaving me feeling powerless and disconnected from the very things i'm striving to accomplish.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i'm constantly feeling pulled in different directions and struggling to keep up. the relentless pace leaves me drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my endless list of tasks, my mind refuses to find peace and my energy levels remain depleted. the weight of responsibility is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in my own life.
diarrhea from stress, what can i do? hey guys, i got a problem, like i build a wall in my head, if i wake up early and have to go in the public, like uni i have diarrhea and now i am to stressed to face these situations, what can i do?
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges, and my energy seems to be depleting faster than i can replenish it. the constant pressure is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
despite the constant flow of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or relief from the relentless cycle of stress and pressure. the weight of expectations looms heavy, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, and the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the next deadline.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted. the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy is taking a toll on my mental and physical well being.
feeling trapped in a vortex of tasks, i can't seem to escape the mounting pressure and the relentless churn of my mind. each new demand only adds to the cacophony of expectations, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly whirling with tasks, yet i can't seem to make a dent in this never ending list. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i'm left questioning if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, the relentless demands of my personal and professional life leave me feeling like i'm constantly spinning my wheels, with little progress and even less peace of mind.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and i fear that i'm spreading myself too thin, struggling to maintain a semblance of balance in my life.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, my heart yearns for a moment's peace, a brief respite from the whirlwind of life. but, alas, the chaos continues to swirl, leaving me feeling trapped and utterly drained.
despite the relentless ticking of my mental checklist and the incessant ringing of my phone, i find myself sinking deeper into an abyss of anxiety and uncertainty, questioning if i'll ever be able to keep up with the constant demands.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body yearn for a moment of respite, but the relentless tide of obligations keeps me tethered to the present, leaving me longing for the tranquility that seems forever out of reach.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own needs and desires. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks only seems to rise higher. my mind is a whirlpool of anxiety and worry, constantly churning with the weight of unmet expectations.
it sucks. i know i need help. i want to get help. i was sexually abused throughout my childhood at least 10 years, possibly longer . i forgot the memories for a long time but now i'm finally getting them back and it's freaking me out.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, as each new task adds to the mountain of stress i'm already carrying, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the increasing pressure leaves me feeling like a human ping pong ball, bouncing uncontrollably from one task to the next, unable to find balance or peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new challenge only adds to the weight on my shoulders. it feels as though i'm treading water, struggling to keep afloat amidst the constant influx of demands.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time, i can't seem to make a dent in my ever growing list of responsibilities. each day brings new challenges, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the overwhelming demands on my time and energy leave me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'm making a dent in my ever growing list of obligations.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges and responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and relaxation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlwind, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb. i yearn for a moment of tranquility, but the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained and disconnected.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable. my mind and body are exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of demands continues to spin, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite the countless hours i've invested in meeting deadlines and managing responsibilities, my mind remains a whirlpool of tasks and obligations, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of expectations.
feeling trapped under an insurmountable pile of tasks, i yearn for the tranquility of a clear mind and empty schedule, but the relentless cycle of obligations continues to spin, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds another ripple to the wave of anxiety that threatens to swallow me whole. my mind is a jumbled mess of deadlines and expectations, and the pressure to keep up feels unbearable.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
he saved me from my family. i don't want to give up on him because he's never given up on me. tl dr boyfriend often has tantrums where he throws objects around the room, but never physically hits me. is this abuse? how do i get help?
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, my mind a constant whirlwind of deadlines and responsibilities. each new challenge feels like a boulder added to an ever growing pile, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the weight of it all.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as my responsibilities seem to pile up faster than i can handle them. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i m very frustrated by this and don t know what to trust. on the one hand, these dreams could very well be pointing to reality. on the other, they could simply be playing out fears i had. and i just don t know which. what do i trust?
i need somone to chat with yo guys! i need somone to chat with cuz no one listen to me and hear what i say. i like to talk about my favorite things, and i have stress too. all i need is somone to chat a bit. nothing else. thank you!
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, with an endless barrage of demands on my time and energy. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain how to regain control.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless cycle of stress and pressure that leaves me feeling helpless and depleted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of endless tasks and deadlines, and the pressure to perform is suffocating. i yearn for a moment of tranquility, yet the relentless tide of obligations keeps pulling me under.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and juggling responsibilities, the relentless pressure of my overloaded schedule leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the mental clutter, even in moments of rest.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every minute of my day is accounted for, leaving me no time to breathe or reflect.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental chatter, as if my mind is a broken record playing the same few songs on repeat.
drowning in the never ending tide of tasks, i struggle to keep my head above water and find moments of respite. the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations drains my energy and leave me longing for relief and restoration.
feeling weighed down by the constant pressure to perform and achieve, i can't help but wonder if i'll ever reach the end of my endless list of responsibilities, or if i'll be stuck in this cycle of stress and overwhelm indefinitely.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of endless tasks, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless churn of responsibilities shows no signs of abating. the weight of it all is a heavy burden, leaving me feeling trapped and disheartened.
feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders, i'm struggling to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life. each new task adds to the growing pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the energy and focus to make a dent in my overwhelming workload, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of responsibilities.
i'm constantly trying to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, but no matter how hard i push, the mountain of responsibilities keeps growing, leaving me feeling helpless and drowned in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind is in a constant whirlwind, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing demanding my attention. the weight of it all is beginning to feel unbearable.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and juggling responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in obligations, with each new challenge adding another ripple to the relentless wave of stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever reach the finish line.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of expectations, both internal and external. the relentless pull of obligations leaves me yearning for a moment of stillness and respite.
i lost a child because of this man and i went back for round 2? am i nuts? why am i so surprised i've come out looking like i've just had 10 round with tyson? advice please anyone gone through a similar experience? what did you do?
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, the growing pile of responsibilities and the incessant ticking of the clock only amplifies my sense of urgency and leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the countless hours i've invested into meeting deadlines and fulfilling responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks only seems to amplify my anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the cycle of constant demand.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the endless stream of tasks demands my constant attention. every moment of relief seems to be followed by another challenge, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of expectations, both internal and external, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a boulder added to an already heavy pack. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and deadlines, making it hard to focus on anything for more than a few moments at a time.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch up. the relentless cycle of expectations is exhausting, and i yearn for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks and responsibilities, leaving me feeling exhausted, anxious, and unable to focus on anything but the next deadline.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. my mind and body yearn for rest, but the relentless demands of life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing demanding my attention. the relentless pressure is starting to take a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in the weight of expectations and the relentless cycle of responsibilities, leaving me feeling depleted and disconnected from myself.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of obligations, my mind consumed by the weight of unmet expectations and the fear of failing to keep up.
there became two sides of me i battled within myself. on one hand, i wanted us to build a life together, to experience that love and the relationship. i did most days. on the other, i wanted to absolve myself. i obsessed with it.
i am not even sure what to say. my girlfriend was really, really mad. not at my family, they're just basing this off what they hear, but at my sister. and honestly, i am really mad too. what the fuck could she be saying about me?
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks only seems to rise higher. my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and finding peace in the storm feels like an unreachable dream.
despite the relentless demands of work and personal obligations, i can't seem to find a moment's peace as my mind remains in a constant state of turmoil, struggling to keep up with the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate only amplifies the weight of my overwhelming workload. my mind refuses to rest, spinning in circles as i struggle to keep up with the relentless pace of life.
despite the countless hours spent addressing each item on my seemingly endless to do list, the relentless cycle of new tasks continues to overwhelm me, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending hamster wheel of responsibility.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up. each day brings a new deluge of tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to make a dent in the seemingly endless pile.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. my mind and body are screaming for a break, but the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy drained, as the clock ticks relentlessly, amplifying the pressure to perform. every minute, every second feels like an insurmountable challenge, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, each wave threatening to crash over me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water. the relentless pressure to perform is a crushing burden, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
feeling trapped by the relentless demands of daily life, i yearn for a moment of respite amidst the endless cycle of responsibilities, longing for the stillness and clarity that can only be found in the depths of calm reflection.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations i've set for myself. the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm constantly pulling myself in different directions, juggling responsibilities and expectations, yet i feel like i'm making little progress. the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i yearn for a moment of peace and tranquility, yet the weight of expectations and the constant chatter of my thoughts seems an unyielding obstacle to finding inner calm.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure to perform and the constant bombardment of information leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, struggling to keep up with the expectations placed upon me.
i'm constantly juggling multiple tasks, yet each one feels incomplete, leaving me feeling like a human pinball bouncing between deadlines. the relentless pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
feeling trapped by the relentless tide of responsibilities, i yearn for a moment of respite from the incessant cycle of demands, yet the prospect of surrender to the chaos only intensifies the weight of anxiety upon my shoulders.
now i want to drink till i'm drunk again and my head sounds as though there is yelling when i'm the only one home. hmm...fun times. at least i have a drs appointment coming up soon so i can bring it up. still. these moments suck.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and maintain a healthy work life balance, the constant pressure and relentless demands of my job leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the overwhelming weight of responsibility.
the relentless pressure to perform and constant influx of responsibilities have left me feeling like a human hamster wheel, trapped in a cycle of exhaustion and anxiety, unable to find peace or respite from the relentless grind.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace the weight of my obligations feels like a heavy burden, threatening to crush the last vestiges of my energy and focus.
despite my best efforts, the pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities is starting to feel unbearable. every waking moment is consumed by thoughts of deadlines, leaving me little respite from the relentless cycle of stress.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, every moment consumed by demands, leaving little room for rest or relaxation. the relentless cycle of expectations is taking a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the seemingly endless pile of tasks, i can't seem to catch a break each new challenge only adds to the cacophony of pressure that swirls within me, threatening to consume me whole.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it seems like there's always more coming my way. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i can't help but feel that i'm constantly falling behind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mountain of tasks only seems to grow taller. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the next deadline.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, with each new day bringing fresh challenges that feel insurmountable. my mind refuses to quiet, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the seemingly endless tasks and responsibilities clamoring for my attention, i find myself unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being.
as the evening grew darker, the tension inside of me heightened. the weight of unfinished projects piled up like mountains on my shoulder, leaving me breathless and helpless in the face of seemingly insurmountable expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing demanding my attention. my mind and body are exhausted, and i long for the peace and tranquility that seems so elusive.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of obligations, unable to escape the crushing weight of expectations and the gnawing fear of failure.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and obligations, my heart and mind remain tethered to an unending sea of tasks, leaving me feeling like a perpetual machine, powerless to find respite from the incessant hum of demands.
despite my best efforts, i find myself in a constant state of stress and overwhelm. my to do list keeps growing longer, yet my energy levels remain stuck. i long for the peace and clarity to focus on what truly matters in life.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind and struggling to keep up. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the daily influx of new tasks only intensifies my sense of being behind, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and pressure.
despite the endless tasks on my plate and the constant ringing of my phone, i can't seem to find peace or tranquility, as if my mind is a relentless machine that won't stop grinding, leaving me feeling drained and overburdened.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with my daily tasks, no matter how hard i try. the constant pressure and endless responsibilities are leaving me drained and unable to focus, feeling as if i'm drowning in my own commitments.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks, each one more urgent than the last, with no reprieve in sight. the constant pressure to perform and deliver leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the never ending cycle of obligation.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, with each new day adding more weight to my already overflowing plate. the relentless pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, unable to find peace or respite from the overwhelming demands on my time and energy.
hi, i need some help a friend of mine has issues with high levels of stress, so much that his hair turns white, he goes to therapy but i'd really appreciate some tips on how he can manage it better, thank you so much in advance
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of endless tasks, my mind racing with deadlines, leaving little room for rest or reprieve. the weight of responsibility is suffocating, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace amidst the chaos.
amidst the constant clamor of responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to silence the relentless churn of my mind, as if the very gears of my thoughts have become an unending machine, grinding away at my sanity.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more task waiting to consume me. the relentless pressure is leaving me drained and uncertain if i'll ever find a moment of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like i can't keep up. my mind and body are exhausted, but the pressure to perform keeps me awake at night.
how bad does stress have to be that i've lost 10 lbs in 2.5 weeks? i'm not dieting but my weight is dropping drastically. i feel like i'm maxed out. my eye is twitching, i feel like i could puke at any second. i'm so stressed.
i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with each wave bringing another demand on my time and energy. the relentless pressure to perform and please others leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own needs and desires.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and the weight of expectations is suffocating me. i yearn for a moment of peace, but the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling like a failure and adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as my mind races with endless tasks and responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy, and the overwhelming nature of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to make a dent in the mountain of tasks before me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new tasks and expectations, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the sense of accomplishment remains elusive. the relentless cycle of expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, yearning for a moment of peace and calm amidst the chaos.
is there a way to measure how stressed i am right now? i feel very stressed, but since i live at my parents house and don't have job and don't study, i should know if i am really stressed or not, before taking actions on it...
despite my best efforts, the pressure to meet deadlines and balance responsibilities is taking a toll on me. every waking moment is consumed by thoughts of what i need to accomplish, leaving little room for rest or relaxation.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the escalating demands of my personal and professional life have left me feeling drained and overwhelmed, with my thoughts constantly racing and my energy dwindling.
feeling trapped by the relentless weight of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the constant demands, as the ever growing pile of tasks looms ominously before me, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind and unable to catch up. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the increasing pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find respite or balance in my chaotic daily routine.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the weight of expectations is becoming unbearable, and i fear i may soon lose sight of my own needs and well being.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the energy and focus to tackle even the most basic of responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my own obligations.
sure enough she always sends us home. every wednesday i feel intense dread. i'm afraid to go into work the next day. a few of u may remember but just about a week ago i contemplated suicide. i always have anxiety and sadness.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and despite my best efforts, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
conflict addiction i don t know if this resonates with anyone else or what but i think i may be addicted to conflict. i don t know why. maybe it is due to prolonged chronic stress. any ideas? i d like solutions paradoxically.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always more to tackle. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished tasks, and the pressure to perform is suffocating me. i yearn for a moment of tranquility, but it seems elusive in this never ending cycle of obligations.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. the constant pressure to perform and the never ending list of tasks leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i can't seem to keep up. the weight of my responsibilities feels like an unbearable burden, and my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of thoughts and worries.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, as if the ocean of tasks is relentlessly rising and my tiny boat can't keep up. my mind is a whirlwind of worry, and i can't seem to find peace or escape the constant pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing demanding my attention. the relentless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything else.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life. each task i complete only seems to add more to my plate, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of obligations.
this article has been really helpful on anxiety disorders and how to control an episode https afitindian.com anxiety disorders causes symptoms and solutions https afitindian.com anxiety disorders causes symptoms and solutions
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges and responsibilities, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
learned helplessness i just looked up why i get so exhausted to the point i cannot function when i'm stressed or otherwise upset and came across learned helplessness . has anyone looked into this or know more on the subject?
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm barely keeping my head above water, and the relentless pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and physical well being.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more task waiting to be tackled. my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines and expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body constantly in motion, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the ever growing pile of tasks before me. the relentless cycle leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to meet every demand is leaving me drained and disheartened. each new task feels like a mountain to conquer, and i fear i'll never catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i'm struggling to find a moment of peace in the chaos.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy. the pressure to perform is immense, and my mind is constantly racing with thoughts and responsibilities, making it hard to focus and find peace.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the overwhelming tide of daily demands, unable to catch a moment's peace or respite from the constant barrage of tasks.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily routine, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to stay afloat amidst the endless sea of tasks and responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace in the whirlwind of my daily life. each new challenge only adds to the pile, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
that weird feeling when my heart tightens and i have high adrenaline. anyone else? that weird feeling when my heart tightens and i have high adrenaline. anyone else experience this? view poll https www.reddit.com poll udlxv3
despite the relentless cycle of demands at work and responsibilities at home, i find myself struggling to keep up, with my thoughts racing and my energy waning, longing for a moment of peace and tranquility amidst the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant pressure to perform and the never ending demands of my daily life have left me feeling drained, helpless, and unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and overwhelm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a boulder added to the mountain of expectations i carry on my shoulders. the relentless cycle of obligation leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like i'm constantly playing catch up, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever get ahead.
i'm finding myself constantly pulled in different directions, my mind and body screaming for a break, but the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations only seems to escalate, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep my head above the surface long enough to catch a moment of peace.
i can't get over this feeling. nothing feels good. i just finished spring break and i had a chance to work out every day. even when i was working out, i felt overwhelmingly anxious. i can't state concisely what i'm thinking.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress that threatens to engulf me.
despite my best efforts to keep up with all the responsibilities on my plate, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and relax, as if my mind is constantly racing ahead, leaving me feeling both exhausted and anxious.
despite the constant pressure to perform and the relentless barrage of tasks, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up and cannot seem to escape the sense of being drowned by the never ending sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished projects, and every new demand only adds to my mounting stress. i yearn for a moment of tranquility, but it seems like an elusive dream in this sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming pile, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always one more task waiting to be tackled, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of tasks, each one piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, exhausting myself without making a dent in the mountain of responsibilities.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. every task feels like a mountain to climb, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
books podcasts audiobooks for chronic stress healing can anyone suggest the best books on healing from this? i know it is better to prevent becoming burntout but here i am. i am absolutely destroyed physically and mentally.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlpool of tasks, and every moment feels like an uphill battle. i yearn for peace and tranquility, but the relentless demands of my day leave little room for respite.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the sea of expectations, each wave crashing down with renewed demands, leaving me feeling like a helpless sailor clinging to the rigging.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, with my mind racing and my body drained, longing for a moment of peace and relief from the overwhelming burden.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to keep up and find moments of peace and calm.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life continue to weigh heavily on me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find respite from the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like i'm falling further behind. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mountain of tasks only seems to grow taller. my mind is a whirlwind of worry and anxiety, making even the simplest of tasks feel insurmountable.
feeling weighed down by the constant pressure to perform and achieve, i can't seem to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy. my mind refuses to rest, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. each task feels like a mountain to climb, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the weight of expectations is crushing me. i long for a moment of peace and tranquility, but it seems elusive in the chaos of daily life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always one more thing demanding my attention. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is stuck in an endless loop of worry and uncertainty.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the clock keeps ticking, yet i can't seem to make a dent in my endless list of obligations. my mind is a whirlpool of anxiety and exhaustion, leaving me feeling powerless and defeated.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one more urgent than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines, responsibilities, and fears, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless pressure is leaving me drained and disheartened. the weight of expectations is crushing, and i'm struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of unfinished tasks and looming deadlines. it feels as though i'm constantly running on empty, the weight of expectations bearing down on me like an unyielding boulder.
release what's weighing you down... relaxation for meditation, deep sleep, and anxiety stress relief. hope this video brings light and health to your present situation. https youtu.be h5phmyzfswy https youtu.be h5phmyzfswy
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is cluttered with deadlines, and each passing moment only adds to the pressure. it feels as though i'm treading water, struggling to keep my head above the endless stream of responsibilities.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my responsibilities, and every moment feels like a constant battle against an insurmountable tide of tasks. my mind and body are exhausted, yet there's no end in sight.
despite the constant pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities, it's disheartening to realize that my efforts seem to be in vain, as the flood of new tasks never ceases, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i had a skin graft. it hurts, every day. not all the time, but usually when i'm upset or having a hard time. it'd be nice to know the pain isn't all in my head and maybe it's actually a physical consequence. it just hurts.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mounting pressure threatens to consume me entirely. the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and disconnected from my own sense of peace.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and obligations, i find myself drowning in the swelling tide of responsibilities, with the clock's incessant ticking only serving as a constant reminder of my inability to keep up.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and the endless stream of tasks is leaving me drained and anxious. each day feels like a never ending cycle of responsibilities, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or relief.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like i'm constantly playing catch up, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything else.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling like i'm constantly behind, and the pressure to keep up is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
but now, i can't. i literally have one therapist i can see. and one psychiatrist who is actually a nurse practitioner . i have completely given up on getting the correct mental health treatment. i am doing the best i can.
today was a really bad day. i had no energy and i cried and i thought about suicide all day. i'm afraid things will never change for me. i'm not strong enough to change things for myself and i have no help. what can i do?
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the constant hum of unanswered emails, i'm struggling to keep up and find myself feeling trapped in a vortex of responsibilities, unable to escape the overwhelming pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks only seems to rise higher. the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from the world around me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of unfinished tasks and looming deadlines. each day brings new challenges, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, going round and round with no escape.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of demands, i'm struggling to keep up and find myself drowning in the weight of responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless mental chatter that leaves me drained and disheartened.
the relentless march of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere, and my mind refuses to quiet down, adding to the sense of being trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a heavy stone sinking me deeper into the abyss. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and i'm struggling to keep up with the relentless pace.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day bringing new demands that pile up on top of the old. the weight of it all is suffocating, and i can't seem to catch up, let alone find some peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, with an ever growing pile of tasks demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, but my energy and focus seem to dwindle with each passing day. the weight of expectations, both self imposed and external, leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new day bringing fresh challenges and deadlines that only add to my mounting stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the incessant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or relief from the constant mental and emotional turmoil.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy drained, and the relentless ticking of deadlines only adds to the chaos swirling in my mind. it's a battle to find balance, but even when i rest, my thoughts refuse to be still.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mountain of tasks seems to grow taller with each passing day. my mind is a constant whirlwind of worries, and i can't seem to find peace or tranquility.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. the more i try to catch up, the further behind i seem to fall, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
the weight of responsibilities seems unbearable, and no matter how many hours i dedicate to fulfilling them, the relentless cycle of expectations leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'm making a dent in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, yet there's never enough time or energy to keep up. the relentless cycle leaves me feeling powerless and disconnected from the present moment.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy, i'm feeling completely tapped out, as if each day brings new challenges i'm unable to conquer, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it feels like i'm treading water in an endless ocean of tasks. the relentless pressure is exhausting, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. the weight of expectations and the fear of failure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, as if my mind and body are constantly at odds with each other, leaving me feeling both drained and ineffective.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities continues to loom over me, leaving me feeling powerless and inescapably buried beneath the weight of my own expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to keep up, as the relentless cycle of obligations drains my energy and leaves me yearning for a moment of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing, and the weight of expectations feels unbearable. every minute of every day is filled with obligations, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and commitments, i find myself struggling to keep up, with each new day bringing fresh challenges and expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing demanding my attention. the relentless pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body constantly on overdrive, yet the tasks seem to multiply with each passing moment. it's a never ending cycle of pressure, and the weight of it all is becoming unbearable.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the constant pressure and the persistent clamor of unmet expectations.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling like a human pinball bouncing between tasks without a moment of respite.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, i can't escape the gnawing feeling that i'm constantly falling behind, and the mounting pressure leaves me drained and uncertain of my ability to keep up.
before exam i am so stressed out that i am not even able to learn anymore. i have exam in two days so its a lot of time to reread thins. but i am so stressed out i cannot focus and i am to afraid to look at the books. l
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my responsibilities, as if each task is a mountain to conquer, leaving me feeling weighed down and unable to catch my breath.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, and it feels like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, unable to keep my head above water, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities at work and home leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with each day bringing new challenges that only add to my growing sense of anxiety and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body constantly on high alert, as if i can't catch up, no matter how hard i try. the weight of expectations crushes me, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm caught in a cycle of constant pressure, with each task adding to the mountain of responsibilities looming before me. the relentless demand on my time and energy leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch a break.
losing hair due to stress hello, i've been losing a lot of hair due to stress. the more i lose the more stressed i become. are there any products out there to slow this down? i'm a female if that changes anything thanks
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day brings new challenges, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to keep up. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform and the relentless flow of new tasks leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and balance in my life.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a balloon on the verge of popping, struggling to maintain my composure amidst the whirlwind of tasks demanding my attention.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the crushing weight that makes me question if i can keep up. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and disconnected from the peace and joy i crave.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to escape the relentless pressure, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the mounting stress.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks, and the weight of expectations is crushing me. i long for a moment of stillness and respite, but the relentless cycle of duties only grows stronger.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one more urgent than the last, and the weight of expectations presses down on me like an unyielding tide. every moment is filled with demands, leaving me with barely a breath to call my own.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the energy and focus to tackle even the most pressing issues, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the weight of my responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds to the mountain of tasks i must complete. my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and the weight of expectations, leaving me feeling powerless and hopeless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities is starting to feel unmanageable, and i can't seem to escape the constant mental chatter, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and every minute feels like an hour. it's a never ending cycle of stress and pressure, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own self.
lowering stress with optimal breathing https youtu.be qg1bgsfjpdo https youtu.be qg1bgsfjpdo the simplest, easiest, most fundamental element to lowering stress and achieving good health can be found in the video above.
despite the countless hours i put into meeting deadlines and managing daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle, unable to escape the crushing weight of expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks and the incessant ringing of my phone leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find respite from the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mounting pressure threatens to swallow me whole. my mind races with tasks, deadlines, and worries, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in obligations and expectations, my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and my body aches from the weight of it all. i long for a moment of peace, but the relentless cycle of responsibilities seems unbreakable.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks and expectations, with each passing day bringing new challenges that feel insurmountable.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, with my mind perpetually preoccupied by the looming tasks ahead.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressure of juggling work, family, and personal responsibilities has left me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to stay afloat amidst the endless waves of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform and the inescapable thoughts in my head leave me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and meet deadlines leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with little respite from the relentless demands on my time and energy.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to escape the feeling that i'm constantly playing catch up, leaving me drained and uncertain of when i'll finally reach the finish line.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling of being constantly behind, and the pressure to perform is taking a heavy toll on my emotional well being.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each one feels more urgent than the last. it's an endless cycle, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the weight of it all.
the weight of responsibilities feels like a heavy burden on my shoulders, and the clock ticks relentlessly, yet my energy and focus seem to dwindle, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of endless tasks and deadlines.
despite the constant pressure to meet deadlines and keep up with endless responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in the overwhelming tide of obligations, leaving little room for rest and rejuvenation.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless loop of worry and distraction.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks and responsibilities, with each new day bringing fresh challenges and an ever growing list of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant barrage of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave bringing new demands that threaten to capsize me. despite my best efforts, the constant inflow leaves me feeling drowned and disconnected from my inner peace.
feeling weighed down by an endless stream of responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of anxiety and my body is a tangled knot of tension, struggling to keep up with the relentless march of deadlines and expectations.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet each day brings new challenges, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my mental and physical wellbeing.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the constant cycle of pressure and expectation.
despite the countless hours spent trying to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities, the relentless pressure only intensifies, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the suffocating weight of expectations.
feeling weighed down by countless responsibilities and the relentless ticking of the clock, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up and fear that my mind and body may soon collapse under the immense pressure.
the relentless demands of daily life have me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, spinning but going nowhere, and my mind is a never ending storm of thoughts, making it impossible to find peace and tranquility.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and endless demands on my time are leaving me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly treading water but can't quite reach the surface.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to pull me under, and yet the tide shows no sign of receding. the constant pressure is exhausting, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
stress supplements has anybody had any experience with immediate stress support, i ve been trying the pym chews for gaba relief and found them useful and i want to see if anybody has had success with anything similar?
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my responsibilities, no matter how many hours i dedicate to them. my mind is constantly racing, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace and relaxation.
feel like i messed up everything stress caused accelerated aging in my body, my mind is completely broken, always have headaches. it's all my fault over nothing, could have stopped it or taken medication or something.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy, i can't escape the suffocating feeling that i'm constantly behind and that the pressure is mounting higher with each passing moment.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and my mind is a relentless tape loop of worries and deadlines.
i'm constantly pushing myself to accomplish more, but the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the next task, let alone enjoy the present moment.
feeling trapped in a vortex of relentless obligations, i'm yearning for a moment of respite from the ceaseless churn of demands, but instead, the clock keeps ticking, fueling my growing sense of inescapable pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressure of juggling work, family, and personal responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to escape the constant cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm constantly running on an endless treadmill.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as the weight of responsibilities piles higher and my energy levels dwindle, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, the growing pressure in my chest reminds me that even the smallest of tasks can feel insurmountable in the face of constant stress and exhaustion.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the day's responsibilities, the weight of unfinished tasks and constant distractions leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks, and every moment feels like an emergency. it's exhausting trying to keep up, but the thought of failure looms even if i take a moment for myself.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained, leaving me feeling helpless and overburdened.
despite the relentless pressure to accomplish more, my mind and body are exhausted, struggling to keep up with the constant demands, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from my own sense of peace and purpose.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with each passing day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like i'm barely keeping my head above water. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, struggling to keep my head above the waves while the current pulls me in different directions, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever reach the shore.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless cycle leaves me feeling drained and disconnected, yearning for a moment of peace and stillness.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every time i complete a task, two more pop up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless. my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and stress, making it difficult to focus and find peace.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i'm struggling to keep up, feeling as though i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
i'm fucked and i am angry as fuck. my business got sealed. i have lost alot of money. it is not something i cant live without. i am rich but, nobody likes losing money. i am more angry then stressed. fuck my country.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up on top of the endless tasks already waiting in line. it's a relentless cycle that leaves me feeling helpless and drained.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and expectations, i'm struggling to keep up and find peace amidst the chaos. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and the weight of responsibilities feels unbearable at times.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, i'm stuck in a cycle of responsibilities, with each task leading to another, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and unable to find respite from the relentless march of demands.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the endless pile. my mind and body are weary, but the relentless cycle of obligations continues to spin.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks and expectations, unable to escape the crushing weight of my overloaded schedule.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, while my energy and focus dwindle with every passing moment. it's a vicious cycle, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and the constant demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks, and the weight of expectations is suffocating me. i yearn for a moment of peace and tranquility, but it seems unattainable amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mounting pressure threatens to consume me whole. the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the weight of my unmet expectations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the incessant mental chatter, as if my mind is a ticking time bomb of unmet expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure builds daily as new tasks pile up and my energy dwindles, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. the weight of expectations is crushing, and my mind is constantly racing with tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the growing pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, unable to find a moment of peace or clarity.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize, the mounting pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and drained, with little escape from the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the relentless tide of demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself constantly behind, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything else.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the weight of my obligations continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the relentless tide of demands on my time and energy.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't help but feel that i'm drowning in the tide of responsibilities, unable to catch a breath or find solace from the relentless weight of expectations.
the relentless demands of my responsibilities are leaving me drained and disconnected from my inner peace. each new task adds to the growing pile, and i can't seem to catch up, let alone find moments of tranquility.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations seems to grow heavier with each passing day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find a moment's peace in the whirlwind of my daily life, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of my own obligations.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as if each task is a boulder i must carry, weighing me down and leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines. each moment feels like an uphill battle, and the thought of failing to meet even one expectation leaves me feeling helpless and defeated.
despite the constant pressure to deliver results and the seemingly endless stream of tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of expectations, with little reprieve from the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i check my phone even though i know she won't reply. how do i get past this? where did i go wrong? tl dr sent my friend a love letter, basically, and she never responded and then proceeded to block me on everything.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks and obligations, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, and each passing day brings new stressors that only compound the pressure i'm already under.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new challenges that threaten to capsize my already fragile sense of control.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind racing with unfinished tasks and deadlines, leaving little room for rest and relaxation.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy. every day brings new challenges and responsibilities, leaving me feeling constantly behind and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
feeling trapped by an endless barrage of obligations, i struggle to keep up, my mind a whirlwind of unfinished tasks, each demanding attention, leaving me yearning for the peace and stillness that seems so elusive.
despite the countless hours spent trying to keep up with my responsibilities, i find myself sinking deeper into the quicksand of stress and pressure, my mind racing relentlessly with a never ending list of demands.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no reprieve in sight. my mind is a constant buzz of deadlines, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment of calm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlpool of tasks, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace. the relentless cycle of obligations feels unending, and i fear i'm losing myself in the process.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep my head above water, the riptide of obligations just pulls me under, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself, as if i'm constantly treading water and drowning in the riptide of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the seemingly endless stream of tasks leaves me feeling drowned and disconnected, yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
the relentless pressure to perform is taking a toll on me. every waking moment is filled with tasks, deadlines, and expectations. it feels like i'm drowning in obligations, unable to catch my breath and find peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities and the constant churn of thoughts in my head leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find respite amidst the whirlwind of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and deadlines, making it impossible to find peace or focus.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and disconnected from my own self care, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities piling up, i struggle to find balance and tranquility amidst the chaos, feeling as though i'm constantly treading water and drowning in the relentless tide of demands.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle each task, the escalating pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts racing and sleep elusive, as the seemingly endless list of obligations threatens to consume me.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pull of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with each passing moment only adding to the mounting pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up like an endless mountain, and every waking moment is consumed by the relentless cycle of obligations, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unyielding tidal wave of responsibilities.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet none seeming to make a significant dent in the mountain of tasks before me, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
learn to love your body! invite https roundglass.com living meditation classes meditation to love your body an attitude of friendliness and gratitude towards your body, so you can accept and enjoy it just as it is.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, responsibilities, and deadlines, i can't seem to find peace or quiet my racing thoughts. the weight of expectations is heavy, and each new demand only adds to my mounting stress.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep my head above water and can't help but feel that i'm drowning in responsibilities.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling trapped, with each day bringing new challenges that only add to my growing sense of anxiety and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and life leave me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i'm finding myself constantly tethered to my tasks, my mind a whirlwind of deadlines and responsibilities. the weight of expectations, both internal and external, leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the pile, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted. the relentless cycle of expectations leaves little room for respite, and i fear i may never catch up.
stressed about money i have been doing shit with my decisions with money and now i have barely enough to live with. and no job s have answered to my applications. and i feel that i have fucked up future completely.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of my own expectations, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders. every waking moment is consumed by the relentless pressure to perform, leaving little room for rest or relaxation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in this cycle of relentless demand.
amidst the chaos of daily life, i'm struggling to keep up, my mind and body in a constant state of exhaustion. the endless tasks pile up, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in the sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly chasing after an ever growing list of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy are leaving me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unyielding tidal wave of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind remains relentless, churning out more demands, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every additional task feels like a mountain to climb. my mind and body are crying out for a break, but the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
today it all came to a head when no amount of uppers or downers was leveling me out. i had a meeting to run at 1. i had lunch with a customer at 12. i had a calls all morning...and you know what? i couldn't do it.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities at work and home have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the cycle of constant pressure and expectation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing to do, one more problem to solve, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to escape the relentless cycle.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling like i'm drowning, and even moments of rest only serve as fleeting respites before the cycle begins anew.
tranquil island relaxation relaxation for meditation, deep sleep, and anxiety stress relief. hope this video brings light and health to your present situation. https youtu.be s8qs10qh8oi https youtu.be s8qs10qh8oi
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath. every task, every responsibility, adds to the growing weight on my shoulders.
despite the constant buzz of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, it's disheartening to realize that even after putting in countless hours, my mind and body remain in a state of perpetual stress and exhaustion.
i'm finding myself constantly pulled in different directions, struggling to keep up with my commitments. the relentless pressure is taking a toll, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain about my ability to cope.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is stuck in an endless loop of worry and responsibility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a heavy stone added to my already overflowing plate. the relentless pressure to perform is suffocating, and i yearn for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my demanding schedule, the mounting responsibilities and constant pressure leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and constant distractions leave me feeling like a treadmill runner, exhausted and unable to keep up with the never ending cycle.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, as if each new task adds another brick to an unstable wall, and i'm unsure if i have the strength to keep building or if it's time to let it all come crashing down.
i'm constantly battling the relentless tide of responsibilities, each wave crashing over me, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, and the thought of failure looms ominously on the horizon.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and struggling to keep up, with each passing day bringing new stressors and adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, like i'm constantly spinning my wheels without making any progress.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself unable to escape the mental strain, as if my mind is trapped in an endless loop, fueled by the weight of expectations and the fear of failure.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress that threatens to consume me. every moment is filled with pressure, leaving little room for rest or relaxation.
despite my efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily routine, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless loop of tasks and responsibilities.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, as if each new task is a wave threatening to swallow me whole. my mind races with the pressure to perform, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last. the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, my mind in constant turmoil as i struggle to keep up with deadlines, my body weary and my spirit drained, longing for a moment of respite amidst the relentless storm of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always more to accomplish, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace and tranquility, as if my mind is constantly racing and my body is fueled by an unquenchable thirst for productivity.
the constant pressure to perform and deliver is taking a toll on me. each passing day brings new challenges, and i find myself struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the relentless cycle of expectations is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks and responsibilities, the mounting pressure and constant mental chatter leaves me feeling trapped and drained, yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
i'm constantly juggling between deadlines, personal responsibilities, and family needs, leaving me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one commitment to another, with no time to catch my breath or reflect.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with each passing day bringing new challenges and expectations.
feeling trapped by the relentless demands of daily life, i can't seem to catch up or find peace, as if each new task only adds another brick to the mountain of responsibilities weighing heavily upon my shoulders.
i'm finding myself constantly behind, with each task adding to the pile, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in my own obligations. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding more attention than the last, as the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling depleted and unable to escape the weight of expectation.
she seems to want to have longer conversations about her emotions every day. i'm trying to work on my studies. tldr i'd really, really appreciate some advice. please don't just comment break up with her . thanks.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i'm struggling to keep up. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, uncertain if i'll ever catch up or find peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life have left me feeling exhausted and drowning in a sea of responsibilities, struggling to find the energy and focus to tackle even the most basic tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the weight of expectations and the relentless ticking of the clock leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find moments of peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it feels like i'm constantly falling behind. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling exhausted and overwhelmed.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly races with unfinished tasks, and it feels like there's an insurmountable mountain of work that never seems to shrink, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as the endless stream of obligations only grows more insurmountable with each passing moment.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of pressure i carry daily. my mind refuses to rest, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite the countless hours i put into my work and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the mental and emotional toll.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, as if each task i complete only adds another to the pile, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pull of daily demands leaves me feeling drained and overburdened, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unending cycle of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the mountain of tasks before me, i'm plagued by an inescapable sense of being permanently behind, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, with each passing moment adding more pressure to an already overflowing plate. the relentless cycle of demand leaves me yearning for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the pressure to perform is suffocating. my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving little room for peace and self care.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with each new task adding to the overwhelming sense of being stuck in an endless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds another wave to my already turbulent sea of obligations. the relentless cycle of expectations is exhausting, and i can't seem to catch a break.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and my body feels heavy with exhaustion. the relentless pressure to perform is draining, and i fear i'll never catch up, let alone find peace.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i am unable to keep up with the demands of my daily life, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to find relief from this overwhelming sense of pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body constantly on alert, yet it seems there's always more to accomplish a relentless cycle of pressure that leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. the pressure to excel in every aspect is leaving me drained and anxious, with precious little time for self care or relaxation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly treading water but unable to reach the surface for a much needed breath.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in an endless cycle with no escape.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention and energy, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and my mind is a perpetual whirlwind of thoughts and worries.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with the relentless pressure of deadlines looming ever closer, leaving me feeling both exhausted and helpless.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm exhausted yet unable to keep up with the constant demands of work and life, leaving me with an overwhelming sense of being stuck in an endless cycle of stress and pressure.
i m struggling to figure out what s wrong with me at the moment. i m wondering what caused you all to find out that you may have ptsd? was it something you noticed yourself? did family members point it out? etc.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted, with each passing day adding to the growing weight of stress and anxiety.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of tasks and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find respite from the incessant demands on my time and energy.
despite the seemingly endless pile of tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and prioritize, leaving me feeling stuck and helpless in the face of my own overwhelming workload.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling exhausted and disheartened.
despite the relentless march of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, leaving me yearning for a moment's respite from the relentless cycle.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as the pressure mounts and my energy wanes, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and exhaustion.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable. the relentless cycle of expectations leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like another wave crashing over me, threatening to pull me under. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to escape.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and the pressure to perform is suffocating. each passing moment only adds to the pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the mountain of tasks before me, the weight of expectations and the incessant churn of thoughts in my head leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment of peace.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and managing responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind perpetually racing and my body yearning for a reprieve.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling like a human hamster wheel, trapped in a cycle of endless tasks and expectations, with little time or energy for self care or relaxation.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the mental and emotional weight that continues to mount.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to fulfilling my obligations, my mind remains a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of responsibilities.
being stuck in a perpetual loop of endless tasks, the weight of my obligations dragging me down, my mind cluttered and my spirit drained. i long for a moment of peace and quiet, to regain focus and perspective.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling trapped, unable to catch a moment's peace or relief from the constant mental chatter.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of obligations leave me feeling trapped and drained, with little respite from the whirlwind of responsibilities.
despite my efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself constantly behind, my mind racing with deadlines and responsibilities, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain how to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of work that seems unending. my mind refuses to rest, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
can stress cause weight gain? i ve noticed i tend to get blubby when i go through long periods of constant stress. there s no change to my diet or exercise yet i look visibly fatter. can stress be causing this?
despite the constant effort to keep up with daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, and the relentless cycle of stress leaves me yearning for a moment of tranquility and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it feels like i'm only falling further behind. the constant pressure is taking a toll on me, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
amidst the whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, it's disheartening to recognize that the finish line keeps moving further away, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the relentless tide of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing pile, and the pressure to excel in every area leaves me feeling like i'm on a never ending treadmill, struggling to keep up.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and maintain a healthy work life balance, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant barrage of demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to perform and the seemingly endless stream of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, struggling to find even a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything beyond the immediate.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily routine, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and relax, as if my mind is constantly racing with unfinished tasks and looming deadlines.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the constant barrage of tasks, the weight of responsibility threatens to crush me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
i'm caught in a relentless cycle of tasks, each one demanding my attention, yet no matter how hard i try, the growing pile of responsibilities seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling both trapped and helpless.
as i try to juggle the demands of my personal and professional life, i can't help but feel the weight of responsibility pressing down on me, leaving me drained and anxious, unsure of how to keep up with it all.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself unable to escape the weight of my overactive mind, as if each thought is a new mountain to conquer, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite the constant pressure to perform and the seemingly endless tasks on my plate, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibilities, unable to escape the mental and emotional toll that comes with it.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the demands of work and home, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, like i'm stuck in an endless cycle of tasks with no clear end in sight.
the relentless pressure of my responsibilities is taking a toll on me. each day brings new challenges, but my energy and focus seem to dwindle with each passing moment, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep afloat amidst the relentless currents of responsibility.
feeling weighed down by an endless mountain of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
feeling trapped in a perpetual cycle of obligations, my mind and body are in a constant state of tension, struggling to keep up with the relentless demands, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like another brick in the tower i'm trying to keep from collapsing. my mind and body are exhausted, yet there's no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm constantly treading water in a never ending sea of obligations.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything beyond the present moment.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body yearn for a moment's reprieve. yet, the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling trapped, unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
or is that unnecessary? also is there another way? i really don't want to talk about what happened. but, i really want the nightmares to go away. sorry if this sounds weird, i am really really fucking tired...
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling drained and struggling to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders. my mind is a never ending whirlwind of deadlines and expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a human ping pong ball, bouncing from one task to another, with no respite in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders. my mind refuses to rest, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress that threatens to engulf me completely.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the constant influx of tasks, my mind and body are persistently fatigued, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and overwhelming responsibility.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling drained and overburdened, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an insurmountable pile of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the ever growing pile of tasks before me leaves me feeling helpless and drained, unable to find peace in the midst of chaos.
experiences with irelax? anyone has tried this? http devonmedicalproductsv3.com.s126296.gridserver.com diagnostic devices irelax http devonmedicalproductsv3.com.s126296.gridserver.com diagnostic devices irelax
despite the constant juggling of work and personal responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, and every moment feels like a struggle, leaving me drained and anxious about what i'm missing or not accomplishing.
i am really feeling like there are no good men. they are all just horrible to women. i think i would rather be alone than deal with any man again. has anyone else felt like this? did your feelings ever change?
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of juggling work, family, and personal commitments leaves me feeling like a ball, constantly bouncing between responsibilities with no time to rest or recharge.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the energy and focus needed to make progress, feeling trapped by the weight of expectations and the relentless pressure to perform.
navigating the complexities of adult life leaves me feeling overwhelmed and anxious, but taking a deep breath and reminding myself of the small moments of joy and gratitude can help ground me and ease my mind.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to perform and the endless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or respite from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing with tasks, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. the pressure is overwhelming, and it feels like i'm stuck in an endless cycle.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as my mind remains in a constant state of turmoil, fueled by the weight of expectations and the fear of failure.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my daily responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the countless hours i put into my work and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure to achieve more leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the endless cycle of stress and expectation.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and the incessant distractions leave me feeling like a drowning rat, struggling to keep my head above the overwhelming tide.
stress is insane and gives you so many grey hairs these last couple years have been extremely stressful for me and i am now 30 y o and in 2 years, i went from 1 2 grey hairs in my beard to like 50. it is wild.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily tasks and responsibilities, the pressure continues to mount, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, exhausted and unable to escape the cycle.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to catch a moment's peace amidst the whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities.
i don't need that. this sucks but is far from hopeless. i can do this with some help. the next bad thing came just two days out of the hospital. the lady who was letting me stay on her couch doesn't come home.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with my mind and body yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find balance in the whirlwind of daily demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a jumbled mess, and the weight of expectations is crushing me. i yearn for a moment of peace, but the relentless cycle of obligations shows no sign of slowing down.
feeling like a hamster on a treadmill, i'm constantly running yet making no progress, as my mind is filled with an endless list of obligations and responsibilities, leaving me drained and unable to find peace.
despite the constant hustle and bustle of my daily life, i can't escape the heavy weight of responsibilities that threatens to swallow me whole, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the seemingly endless stack of tasks, i find myself drowning in a sea of expectations, unable to escape the suffocating grip of stress and self imposed pressure.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the mountain of responsibilities that seems impossible to conquer, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress.
she didn't go home with me, she took an uber. it was the worst 30 minutes of my life. i payed for the food, got it to go, and went home. this is where it gets crazy. i wanted to be away from her at that time.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders. every waking moment is consumed by the demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time, i find myself drowning in obligations, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite amidst the relentless whirlwind of responsibilities.
despite the constant hustle and bustle of my daily routine, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities and the relentless ticking of the clock only adds to the pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, the increasing pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, with each new challenge only adding to my growing sense of unease.
the relentless onslaught of tasks, deadlines, and expectations is leaving me drained and disconnected from my inner peace. i long for moments of stillness amidst the chaos, but they seem increasingly elusive.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain where to begin, let alone find peace and balance in my life.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and the incessant demands on my time leaves me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to keep up and find peace in the chaos.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and managing responsibilities, i can't escape the suffocating weight of an ever growing list of obligations, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, with my mind racing and my body drained, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each passing day adding more tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless cycle of work and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained, both mentally and physically.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, but it seems the more i accomplish, the longer my list grows. the relentless pressure is draining, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in my own expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the relentless pace of daily demands, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, leaving me drained and uncertain where to begin.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life have left me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of demands and responsibilities.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of obligations and expectations, i'm struggling to keep up with the demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to keep up and fearing the consequences of falling behind.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unending list of demands.
i can afford it alone. he just has nowhere else to go. his wages are low, he relies on me for transportation. i actually have to leave my job during the day to drive him to work. it is tough on me to do that.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, drowning in the never ending cycle of demands, unable to escape the mental and emotional strain.
amidst the whirlwind of obligations, deadlines, and expectations, i find myself drowning in the very tasks meant to propel me forward, longing for a moment's respite from the relentless cycle of productivity.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in the weight of my responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain that seems impossible to scale.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the sea of tasks, with each wave bringing new demands, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the overwhelming tide.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with each passing day bringing new challenges and expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the pressure mounts higher with each passing moment, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of demands and expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of constant worries and deadlines, yet there seems to be no end in sight. each passing moment only adds another burden to my already overflowing plate.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, my mind racing with unfinished tasks and the weight of unmet expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself constantly behind, my mind cluttered with unfinished tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i find myself drowning in an ocean of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new tasks that relentlessly crash against the shore of my already overburdened schedule.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, with my mind and body carrying the heavy burden of endless tasks.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to catch my breath and find moments of peace in the chaos.
i'm treading water in a sea of obligations, each wave crashing against me with the weight of expectations, and i can't help but feel that i'm drowning in the constant barrage of demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling drained and overwhelmed, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an insurmountable pile of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks and responsibilities, the relentless pressure i face leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting stress.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the constant pressure and mental clutter.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily demands leaves me feeling drained and uncertain, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no clear shoreline in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or calm in the whirlwind of daily life.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, struggling to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, unable to find solace or relief from the incessant mental chatter.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the avalanche of responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind clouded and my body drained, yearning for a moment of respite amidst the chaos.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the relentless pace of my daily responsibilities. the weight of expectations, both self imposed and external, leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a swirling vortex of tasks and deadlines, and every attempt to catch up only adds more to the pile. it's a never ending cycle, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite the daily routines and endless tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, weighed down by unmet expectations, and battling an incessant influx of worries, robbing me of peace and tranquility.
the weight of responsibilities is pressing heavily on my shoulders, and each new task added to my plate feels like another mountain to climb, leaving me feeling powerless and buried beneath the expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressures of work and personal life have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of endless tasks.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find respite from the constant demand on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind a whirlpool of constant demands, each one adding another wave to the relentless tide of expectations. it's a never ending cycle, and i'm struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in the cycle of constant stress and never ending tasks.
despite the countless hours spent tackling responsibilities, the relentless cycle of obligations continues to loom, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the crushing weight of my own expectations.
amidst the constant barrage of demands and expectations, it's become increasingly challenging to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and inescapably weighed down by the overwhelming tide of responsibilities.
despite my efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle, unable to escape the weight of expectations and the constant demand for more.
i'm finding myself in a vicious cycle, where each passing day brings new responsibilities and the old ones seem never ending. the weight of expectations is pushing me down, and i can't seem to catch a break.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the countless demands on my time, i'm beginning to feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no clear path to reaching the surface and catching my breath.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself constantly behind, with a never ending barrage of demands and expectations that leaves me feeling drained and defeated.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and constant influx of demands leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in my own responsibilities, unable to catch a breath or find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting and i can't seem to find a moment's peace, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of obligations.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy. each day brings new pressures and expectations, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
feeling the relentless weight of obligations, i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, each wave threatening to engulf me as my mind refuses to find tranquility, leaving me in a perpetual state of anxious turbulence.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind a whirlpool of deadlines and responsibilities. the more i try to catch up, the further behind i seem to slip. my body craves rest, but my mind remains relentlessly preoccupied.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the weight of expectations is pushing me to my limits. every minute of every day is filled with demands, leaving me with barely a moment to catch my breath and recharge.
feeling trapped by the relentless demands of work and personal responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, leaving me exhausted and anxious, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly races, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. it's a never ending cycle of pressure and anxiety, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no clear path to calm waters.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself constantly behind, my mind racing with unfinished tasks, and my body exhausted from the relentless pressure to perform.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and relaxation.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm finding myself constantly behind and my mind in a state of perpetual anxiety, as if each new challenge only adds to the growing pile of responsibilities.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, and the pressure to excel in all areas of my life is exhausting. each day brings new challenges, and i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my schedule have left me feeling drained and overburdened, with each new task adding to the growing mountain of responsibilities looming over me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding more tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless pressure to perform is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the weight on my shoulders. each new task adds to the growing pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find respite from the never ending cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, with little respite from the constant demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human ping pong ball, bouncing from one crisis to the next with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with my mind constantly racing and my body longing for rest.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure from all sides leaves me feeling like a human hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to find respite from the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and physical well being.
despite my efforts to keep up with the daily demands, the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind and body are trapped in an endless loop of stress.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to catch a breath and escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, with each passing day bringing new challenges that only add to my growing sense of overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and the incessant clamor of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines, commitments, and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break, as if my mind is a merry go round spinning out of control.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calm waters.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the swirling chaos of unfinished tasks, unable to escape the gnawing feeling that there's always more to accomplish.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, my mind and body constantly on the go. the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and disconnected, yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and yet the sense of accomplishment remains elusive, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
the relentless demands on my time and energy have left me feeling like a ragdoll, frayed at the edges, struggling to keep up with even the most basic tasks, let alone the looming deadlines and expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of expectations, both self imposed and external, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain how to regain control.
despite the relentless ticking of my internal clock and the seemingly endless pile of tasks before me, i find myself at a loss for energy and focus, as if my mind and body have reached their breaking point.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of my obligations, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities is starting to feel unbearable. each new task adds to the mountain of pressure, and the thought of failing to meet even one leaves me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm constantly battling the relentless tide of responsibilities, my mind in a perpetual whirlwind of unfinished tasks and looming deadlines, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in the chaos of my own life.
the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, unable to find peace or respite from the relentless demands on my time and energy.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and my mind and body feel exhausted, struggling to find the strength to continue.
feeling weighed down by the constant pressure to perform, i can't seem to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of obligations.
https onlinemkt.org stress and alcohol alcohol should not be used on all occasions to have fun. you must be able to relax and have fun without drinking. stress alcohol https onlinemkt.org stress and alcohol
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as if each task i complete only adds another to my endless list, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i fear i'll never be able to catch up or find relief.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself grappling to keep up, with my thoughts racing and sleep elusive, leaving me feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain of my ability to meet them all, let alone enjoy the moments in between.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pace leaves me feeling drained and anxious, unable to escape the weight of expectations and the fear of failure.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, and the constant mental chatter only adds to my sense of being inescapably stuck.
i'm constantly battling against the relentless tide of responsibilities, yet no matter how hard i row, the shore seems to recede further away, leaving me feeling helplessly adrift in the sea of obligations.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to fulfilling my responsibilities, the endless stream of tasks and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant mental and emotional strain.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't escape the gnawing feeling that i'm falling behind, as if the very fabric of my day is unraveling before my eyes.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i'm finding it increasingly challenging to keep up with my daily tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts to juggle all the responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and incapable of focusing on anything, let alone making meaningful progress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and each new demand only adds to the relentless pressure. it's a never ending cycle, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of productivity with no escape.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't escape the sense of being pulled in every direction, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain how to prioritize.
feeling as if i'm constantly drowning in tasks, each day brings a new wave of responsibilities, and my mind refuses to rest, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of demands.
despite the seemingly endless tasks and responsibilities piling up, i can't help but feel powerless against the relentless tide of stress and anxiety, as if my mind and body are both drowning in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i'm finding it difficult to keep up, and every moment feels like a battle against the clock, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever reach the finish line.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of demands on my time and energy.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the weight of responsibilities feels unbearable, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace from the incessant mental chatter.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my full attention, while my mind races with endless worries, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to juggle multiple responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing between deadlines and demands, with no clear sense of control or balance.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, i can't help but feel trapped by the relentless tide of tasks, each one demanding my attention and leaving me questioning my ability to keep up.
i'm finding myself in a perpetual state of tension, with each task adding to an unending pile, and my mind racing with a relentless internal monologue, making even the simplest moments feel insurmountable.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to escape the relentless weight of stress and anxiety that clings to me like a heavy cloak, leaving me feeling drained and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm constantly treading water but can't quite reach the surface for a breath of relief.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the relentless pressure is leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in an endless cycle of tasks with no escape in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks, and my body aching for relief, but the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
feeling trapped in a vortex of endless tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and pressure, as the relentless demands of my daily life seem to grow exponentially, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a boulder added to an already unmanageable pile. my mind is in a constant state of turmoil, unable to find rest even in the quietest moments.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, the mounting pressure and endless stream of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with no clear escape from the whirlwind of obligations.
in the throes of an unyielding barrage of responsibilities and deadlines, my senses have dulled, and time feels unforgiving my once tranquil haven, a disquieting landscape plagued by an inescapable burden.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm constantly behind, and the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the next looming deadline.
the weight of responsibilities presses heavily upon my shoulders, as my mind races with unfinished tasks and unmet deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the demands of daily life, the endless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and inescapably trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and recharge, as if my mind and body are perpetually trapped in a whirlwind of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
he still holds me back in life. he still finds ways to get to me. yet i still talk to him. and i always feel worse after i do. i've tried blocking him on social media, but he still finds ways to get to me.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the mountain of tasks before me, the weight of responsibilities feels insurmountable, and each passing moment only amplifies the incessant hum of my overactive mind.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the mountain of tasks before me, the constant ringing of my phone and the never ending influx of emails only serve to amplify my feelings of stress and helplessness.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i find myself sinking further into an abyss of stress and anxiety, as if my mind is a hamster wheel, spinning endlessly with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of expectations i've set for myself. my mind refuses to rest, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
why can t i? i d also add my dad was a bush pilot and i work in the travel industry so i know how safe it is. why can t i get over it? edit i ve rebooked my flight for this morning. i just have to do this.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in the never ending sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
feeling trapped and weighed down by an unending list of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and can't help but wonder if i'm capable of meeting all these expectations, leaving me drained and uncertain.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each day adding new burdens to an already overflowing plate. the relentless cycle leaves me yearning for a moment's peace, but the chaos only seems to intensify.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to fulfilling my responsibilities, the relentless pile of tasks before me leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, my mind a constant whirlwind of unmet expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily responsibilities, the weight of expectations continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks, each one more urgent than the last, and my mind is a constant whirlwind of deadlines and expectations, making it hard to focus on anything or enjoy the present moment.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts racing and sleep elusive, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures and expectations leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to escape the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize, the constant pressure and endless stream of responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and overwhelmed, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it feels like i'm constantly playing catch up. my mind refuses to rest, and i can't seem to escape the weight of it all.
amidst the constant hum of responsibilities, my heart longs for the tranquility of stillness, yet my mind remains captivated by the endless cycle of tasks, leaving me feeling both drained and disconnected.
despite the relentless march of deadlines, responsibilities, and obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, my thoughts swirling like a tornado, unable to find calm or respite amidst the storm.
i'm caught in a vortex of endless tasks and responsibilities, with each new challenge piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the constant demands on my time, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, as if my mind and body are both in a perpetual state of overdrive.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the increasing pressure and expectations leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the endless cycle of demands on my time and energy.
i'm constantly striving to meet the demands of my responsibilities, but the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find peace or relief from the weight bearing down on me.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new day bringing fresh challenges that feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling exhausted and disheartened.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities weighs heavily on me, leaving little room for rest or relaxation, and i fear that i'm losing touch with the joy and fulfillment that once defined my life.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly treading water with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind refuses to rest, and each passing moment only adds another item to the endless list. the weight of responsibility is suffocating, leaving me longing for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and endless tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find moments of peace and tranquility in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks and the constant mental chatter leave me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with unfinished tasks and looming deadlines. the weight of expectations is crushing, leaving little room for rest or relaxation.
the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and the endless stream of obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and the constant distractions leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities leaves me feeling like a human ping pong ball, bouncing from one task to another, with no time or energy to pause and catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a human hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to find peace or respite from the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a boulder added to my already heavy load, making it harder to catch my breath and focus on anything but the overwhelming pressure to perform.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations feels unbearable, and the relentless churn of thoughts in my head only adds to the sense of being trapped and powerless.
despite the relentless barrage of obligations and expectations, i struggle to find peace amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind perpetually tethered to the burdens of a never ending to do list.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibilities, with my mind in a constant whirlwind of worries and the clock always ticking faster.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and expectations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and expectations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and my mind refuses to let go of the constant pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of demands leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with each new day bringing fresh challenges that only add to my mounting stress and anxiety.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as my mind races with a never ending list of tasks and responsibilities, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
amidst the chaos of deadlines and endless responsibilities, my heart longs for a moment's peace, yet my mind remains trapped in a whirlwind of obligations, leaving me feeling both drained and unfulfilled.
i feel like i'm dying. i know that i'm not but i feel like it. i'm at the end of a cold. not a cold that i sometimes make up in my head, but an actual cold. stuffy nose, chest congestion, scratchy throat.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with each new day bringing fresh challenges i'm unsure i have the strength to face.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the cycle of stress and pressure.
hey. first time posting here. i have been living in my car with my brother and cat since may. i am feeling extremely depressed defeated right now hence why i'm posting here. i'll start from the beginning.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and constant distractions leave me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly falling behind, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my own mounting obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm constantly treading water and struggling to keep my head above the waves.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the increasing demands on my time and energy leave me feeling helplessly drowned in responsibilities, with no clear path to reach the surface and catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling like a human hamster on an unending wheel, trapped in a cycle of stress and exhaustion.
feeling trapped by the relentless demands of work and personal responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, with no clear path to shore.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges and expectations. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or relief from the constant mental and emotional turmoil.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the pressure mounts higher with each passing minute, leaving me feeling trapped and incapable of escaping the never ending cycle of stress and obligation.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and managing responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling of being constantly behind and the relentless weight of an ever growing list of tasks.
despite my efforts to prioritize and complete tasks, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man trying to stay afloat amidst an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my numerous responsibilities, i can't escape the crushing weight of an ever growing to do list and the persistent mental chatter that keeps me awake at night.
my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling constantly on edge and overwhelmed. i long for moments of calm and focus, but the weight of responsibility weighs heavily on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the mental burden, as if my mind is a never ending machine churning through tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find moments of peace and clarity amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind and body are constantly in a state of crisis.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and catch my breath, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the weight of my responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new day bringing new challenges that only add to the mountain of work i'm trying to conquer.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines, my mind remains cluttered with tasks and my body feels the weight of constant pressure, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't help but feel trapped and unable to escape the weight of expectations, leaving me drained and uncertain how to regain control.
what's the hardest part about staying positive? hey reddit, i m working on a project and am curious everyone s thoughts. what's the hardest about staying positive when nothing seems to be going your way?
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with each new challenge only adding to my growing sense of anxiety and helplessness.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the ever growing pile of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, my mind constantly racing with the weight of unmet expectations.
the relentless demands of daily life are leaving me drained and disconnected from my inner peace. each day brings new challenges, and i can't help but feel that i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the overwhelming tasks on my plate, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find peace or respite from the endless cycle of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life are starting to feel unmanageable. the weight of responsibilities is crushing, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the increasing demands at work and home leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, feeling as if i'm constantly treading water without making any progress. each new demand adds to the chaos, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to keep up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations continues to weigh heavily on my shoulders, leaving me feeling drained and unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and the endless flow of emails and messages have left me feeling drained and disheartened, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my demanding responsibilities, the endless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with my thoughts constantly swirling in a chaotic whirlwind.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new task adding to the mounting chaos rather than bringing me closer to calm.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my demanding schedule, the mounting pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find respite from the constant mental chatter.
despite my best efforts to juggle all the responsibilities in my life, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything, let alone enjoy the moments i should be cherishing.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, as my mind races with an endless list of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one crisis to the next, with no time or energy left for self care.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and helpless, like a leaf caught in the wind, spun in circles with no control over my own destiny.
feeling trapped by the relentless weight of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, each new task adding to the already mounting pressure, leaving me feeling powerless against the deluge of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new challenge adding to the relentless tide of stress and anxiety that threatens to engulf me completely.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in a cycle of constant stress and overwhelming anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a boulder that sinks me deeper. my mind refuses to rest, replaying past mistakes and future deadlines in an endless loop.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. my mind is a constant whirlwind of deadlines and responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my demanding schedule, the pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of my ability to cope.
i'm constantly treading water, trying to keep up with my responsibilities, but the current keeps pulling me under, leaving me gasping for breath and unable to focus on anything beyond the present moment.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the energy and focus to tackle them all, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
yoga healthy life yoga is an ancient tradition that s been proven to help with stress, anxiety, and pain. it helps people connect with their bodies and mind, so you can live a happier and healthier life.
i m so stressed for the last 6 months i have no clue what to do i m 17 never felt like this my muscles can t relax anymore i always twitch when i lay down how do i get better is there anything i can take
despite the relentless ticking of the clock and the seemingly endless stream of tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibility, unable to escape the suffocating grip of stress and anxiety.
despite the countless hours i've invested in my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to achieve more leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with little respite from the endless cycle of obligations.
despite the countless hours spent trying to keep up with responsibilities, the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly chasing an unattainable finish line.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, spinning but getting nowhere, and my mind refuses to grant me the respite it so desperately craves.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling of being trapped in a never ending cycle, with my mind constantly racing and my body yearning for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of daily life seem to relentlessly encroach upon my peace, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the incessant cycle of demands and expectations.
the constant pressure to perform and deliver is taking a toll on me. every waking moment is filled with tasks, and my mind refuses to rest, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm caught in a relentless cycle of obligations, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find respite from the incessant demand on my time and energy.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, responsibilities, and expectations, i struggle to find balance and tranquility amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own peace of mind.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to escape the constant cycle of demand and expectation.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in obligations, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety that threatens to consume me.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily routine leave me feeling drained and overburdened, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unending list of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and the relentless march of time leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an ocean of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more task demanding my attention, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to escape the relentless cycle.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with all my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of stress and distraction.
amidst the whirlwind of deadlines and expectations, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, each one demanding my full attention, leaving me feeling drained and incapable of focusing on anything else.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my workload, i find myself drowning in obligations, with each new demand adding to the overwhelming sense of pressure that never seems to abate.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to catch my breath or find respite.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i find myself sinking deeper into the quicksand of my own thoughts, struggling to keep my head above water and focus on the tasks at hand.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i long for a moment of peace and respite, but the relentless pressure to perform leaves little room for relaxation or reflection.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with the weight of unfinished projects and the fear of letting important deadlines slip.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, exhausted but unable to disengage from the constant mental churn.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find balance and peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, barely keeping my head above the surface, longing for a moment of peace and tranquility.
i don t know that. i think i m responsible for all of it. for the perpetrators, for the abuse, for the dysfunction, for my depression, my suicidal ideation, my pathetic life. all of it. i m responsible.
despite my best efforts, the incessant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pressure and anxiety that threatens to engulf me completely.
despite the countless hours i put into my work and responsibilities, i can't escape the sense of constant pressure and the relentless internal chatter that leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus.
feeling trapped under an unending mountain of tasks, i long for the stillness of a moment's respite, yet the relentless ticking of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me yearning for an elusive peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more task demanding my attention, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to escape the relentless cycle.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities piling up leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break, with each new challenge only adding to the relentless pressure i carry every day.
the relentless pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet none allowing for true rest or relief.
the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling drained and disconnected from myself. every moment is filled with tasks and obligations, leaving little room for relaxation or reflection.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, as my mind races with endless expectations, leaving me struggling to find the peace and rest i so desperately crave.
despite my relentless efforts to manage all the tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the tide of expectations, unable to escape the cyclical whirlpool of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of demands and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind and body crying for respite.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of pressure and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and relentless pace leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a never ending ocean of tasks.
despite the seemingly endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself unable to escape the grip of stress and anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from my own peace of mind.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines. each day brings new challenges, yet the clock ticks relentlessly, adding pressure to an already overflowing plate.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, my mind and body are constantly on overdrive, unable to find peace and tranquility amidst the relentless onslaught of tasks and expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'm making progress towards achieving balance in my life.
despite the relentless barrage of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up, feeling the heavy burden of responsibility weighing down on my shoulders and my mind racing with unending concerns.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, i'm struggling to find balance, with each day feeling like a never ending cycle of tasks, leaving me drained and uncertain of when i'll catch a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear shoreline in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i struggle to find balance and tranquility, as my mind and body remain perpetually tethered to the demands of my overloaded schedule.
despite the countless hours i put into my work and responsibilities, the relentless pressure to accomplish more leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the endless cycle of stress and obligation.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, each one demanding my full attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the weight of it all is suffocating and leaves me questioning my ability to juggle it all.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and maintain a work life balance, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything beyond the present moment.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and it seems no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling both exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the increasing demands on my time and energy are leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm constantly treading water and drowning in responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to catch my breath and find moments of peace.
the relentless ticking of my mental clock keeps me up at night, as the pressure to meet deadlines and fulfill obligations piles on, leaving me feeling helplessly drowned in the sea of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in the sea of tasks, and each new challenge only adds to the chaos, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is stuck in an endless loop of worry and anxiety.
i'm constantly juggling multiple responsibilities, yet it seems like i'm barely keeping my head above water. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling exhausted and uncertain about how to move forward.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental churn.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the pressure is mounting, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace from the constant barrage of demands on my time and energy.
feeling trapped under an avalanche of tasks and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up, and each passing moment only adds to the pressure, leaving me exhausted and uncertain of how to find relief.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my workload, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no end in sight to the overwhelming demands on my time and energy.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the constant barrage of tasks and deadlines, my mind and body feel exhausted, leaving me questioning if i'm capable of meeting even the most basic demands.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly treading water but never able to reach solid ground.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts and worries relentlessly racing, like a runaway train i can't seem to slow down.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the endless tasks piling up, i can't escape the gnawing sense that i'm constantly behind, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of when i'll finally catch up.
i'm constantly juggling multiple responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. each new challenge adds to the growing pile of stress, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
the relentless tide of responsibilities and expectations is leaving me feeling drowned and drained, my thoughts churning like a never ending waterfall, yet i'm barely keeping my head above the surface.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, unable to escape the constant cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the relentless ticking of the clock and the seemingly endless pile of tasks before me, i can't escape the suffocating feeling that i'm constantly behind and that i'll never be able to catch up.
i don t know what to expect. i just want to not be so alone. he is a law enforcement officer in this small town. i ve been down this road with him before. the injuries have never been so severe though.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the increasing demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new day bringing fresh challenges and no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide that refuses to recede, leaving me treading water, barely keeping my head above the relentless wave of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a constant cycle of productivity with no end in sight. my mind refuses to rest, and i'm struggling to keep up.
amidst the whirlwind of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, my mind and body are screaming for a break. yet, i'm trapped in this cycle of stress and pressure, unsure of how to find respite in the chaos.
feeling trapped in a perpetual storm of obligations, i struggle to find calm amidst the relentless onslaught of tasks, each demanding my immediate attention, leaving me yearning for a moment's respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling drained and uncertain, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations, each day bringing new tasks, and my energy and focus dwindling with each passing hour. it's a relentless cycle, leaving me feeling helpless and disheartened.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an insurmountable workload.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no clear path to calm waters in sight.
feeling trapped by the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities, i long for the peace and stillness that seems elusive, as my mind continues to spin with unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more task demanding my attention, leaving me feeling drained and incapable of focusing on anything else.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to escape the incessant mental churn that threatens to consume me.
but right now i am scared. tl dr my kids and i are about to lose our apartment due to a sudden loss of income. need help in the next few days to make the rent. please help. need at least 440 to make it
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace from the relentless demands on my time and energy.
feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of endless obligations, i'm struggling to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, leaving me drained and unable to find peace in the midst of the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to catch up. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of it all.
today i ve been on edge all day work stresses me out and today was an easy day but all day i ve been on edge in case something stupid happens at work. ugh what a nice welcome back from the long weekend
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the increasing pressure and mounting expectations leave me feeling trapped and helpless, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it seems like there's always more to tackle. my mind and body are exhausted, but the relentless cycle of demands never ceases.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities feels like an unescapable cage, my mind and body yearning for a moment's respite, but the elusive nature of peace only adds to the overwhelming weight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life have left me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch up or find peace in the relentless tide of responsibilities.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the constant clamor for my attention, leaving me longing for a moment of tranquility and relief.
despite my best efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels without making any real progress.
i'm constantly finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, making it difficult to catch my breath and find peace amidst the relentless ebb and flow.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it feels like i'm only sinking deeper. the constant pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, unable to escape the endless cycle of obligations.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to escape the relentless cycle of tasks, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, fearing the consequences of failing to meet even one demand, leaving me feeling weighed down and drained.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the seemingly endless pile of responsibilities and tasks leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, with my mind racing and body aching for a well deserved break.
the relentless churn of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with each new task piling on the pressure and my mind frantically racing, seeking an elusive escape from the overwhelming tide.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling as though i'm drowning in the weight of my own expectations and the relentless pressure to perform.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, with deadlines looming and expectations mounting, leaving me feeling like a ship tossed at sea, struggling to stay afloat amidst the storm of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new day bringing fresh challenges that only add to the mountain of stress and anxiety i carry.
the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to find a moment's peace or escape from the mental and emotional burden.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures of daily life have left me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, leaving me with a constant sense of unease and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
amidst the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up, and the fear of failure looms large, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the whirlwind of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, each day bringing new tasks and demands. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain of when or if i'll be able to catch a breath.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure builds with each passing day, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelming demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my time, the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling drained and overextended, struggling to keep up and find inner peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of demands and expectations.
stress awareness day til from this article https www.claritychi.com stress awareness that the first wednesday of november. nice little reminder for me to relax, just as the holidays start creeping up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, struggling to catch my breath and find some semblance of peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant demands of work and personal life leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the whirlwind of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my time, the weight of my responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
i'm constantly running on empty, my mind and body overburdened, longing for a moment's respite, yet the relentless cycle of responsibilities continues to spin, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, unable to escape the weight of my endless obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling exhausted and disheartened.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with each new demand adding another ripple to the relentless wave of stress.
despite the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy, i find myself grappling with the elusive balance between productivity and self care, feeling trapped in a cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily routine, the seemingly endless tasks pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, as if each task adds another brick to the tower of stress that looms over me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything beyond the present moment.
despite my best efforts, the constant bombardment of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break, as if my mind and body are stuck in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
the relentless demands on my time and energy have left me feeling like a human hamster wheel, spinning but getting nowhere. each day brings new challenges, and i fear i'm losing the battle to keep up.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the increasing pressure from all sides leaves me feeling like a ball being bounced between courts, with no control over the game's outcome.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself unable to escape the mental weight, as if my mind is a relentless machine churning through an endless list of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless demands of my job and personal life leave me feeling trapped, with no escape from the never ending cycle of obligations and responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm treading water in a sea of expectations.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind remains restless, unable to find solace in the moment, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the weight of my obligations.
despite my best efforts, the endless stream of responsibilities and commitments leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an insurmountable mountain of tasks.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, the never ending demands on my time and energy, i cannot escape the feeling that i'm falling behind, and each passing moment only adds to the mounting pressure.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find balance and peace amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the overwhelming weight of expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, struggling to keep up and unable to find respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained, anxious, and unable to find respite from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, anxious, and unable to focus on anything but the mounting responsibilities.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i can't help but despair as the mounting pressure threatens to drown me, leaving me questioning if i'll ever find peace and balance in my life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless pressure to perform is draining, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
amidst the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself gasping for breath, yearning for a moment of respite, but the demands of life persist, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life have left me feeling trapped, with each passing day adding to the growing pile of responsibilities rather than alleviating it.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i'm constantly feeling behind and the weight of expectations is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities are leaving me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly playing catch up and never quite making progress.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and responsibilities, and every new task adds another ripple to the wave.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly treading water without the ability to truly rest or recharge.
navigating the complexities of modern life can sometimes feel like juggling an endless cascade of responsibilities, leaving me feeling drained, anxious, and longing for a moment of peace and respite.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i am constantly battling the relentless tide of tasks, with my mind refusing to find solace and my body yearning for a moment of reprieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, and i'm struggling to keep my head above water. the relentless pressure is suffocating, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my responsibilities are leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop of obligation and expectation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or quiet in the whirlwind of daily life.
the weight of responsibilities presses heavily upon my shoulders, each new task adding to the growing mountain i struggle to climb, while my mind refuses to find solace in the stillness of the night.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of obligations leaves me feeling trapped, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and fatigue, longing for the peace and stillness that seems forever out of reach.
despite the constant pressure to keep up with daily tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of my own expectations and the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety that ensues.
despite my efforts to prioritize tasks and manage my time, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities is leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop of obligation and expectation.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying out for a reprieve, but the relentless cycle of tasks and obligations only seems to grow more demanding with each passing day.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of obligations, with each new challenge adding to the cacophony of demands on my time and energy.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body are under constant strain as i struggle to keep up with the endless demands, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and deadlines.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks, and each new demand only adds to the mounting pressure. it's an endless cycle, and i fear i'll never catch up or find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless tasks have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of productivity with no clear escape.
despite the seemingly endless tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders as my mind races with unfulfilled obligations and my body craves rest.
the weight of my responsibilities feels like an unbearable burden, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities and the never ending flow of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities engulfs me, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, as if my mind and body are two separate entities in a constant battle for control.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to find balance between my professional commitments and personal life, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, desperately trying to keep afloat amidst an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm constantly caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations i carry, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and longing for a moment of peace.
the relentless weight of responsibilities pressing upon me feels unbearable, leaving me longing for a moment's respite, even as my mind continues to race with unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations feels like a never ending mountain, leaving me feeling drained and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, each demand on my time growing more insistent, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite the countless hours i've invested in meeting deadlines and managing responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, with little respite from the endless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to keep up and find moments of peace.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i'm drowning in the constant flood of tasks, leaving me feeling exhausted and disconnected from the things that truly matter.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and constant distractions leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite my relentless efforts to manage all the responsibilities on my plate, i find myself drowning in the sea of tasks, with the ever growing list of demands only fueling my anxiety and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of responsibilities.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of tasks, responsibilities, and deadlines. each day brings new challenges, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever find balance.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge only adding to the weight on my shoulders and the turmoil in my mind.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders, and my mind constantly racing with unmet expectations, leaving little room for peace or rest.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and my energy levels plummeting. each day feels like an endless cycle of demands, leaving me feeling exhausted and disconnected from myself.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities and the inescapable mental chatter leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, yearning for a moment of tranquility and relief.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. my mind and body are exhausted, but the relentless cycle of obligations shows no signs of slowing down.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with each new challenge adding to the mountain of stress that threatens to consume me.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the constant pressure and mental chatter leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it seems like there's always more to handle. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and the weight of expectations is suffocating.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body in a constant state of tension, struggling to keep up with the relentless demands, as the clock ticks on, unforgiving and unyielding.
despite the seemingly endless tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the focus and energy needed to tackle them all, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of constant stress and exhaustion.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming tide, leaving me yearning for a moment of tranquility and respite.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the demands of work and personal life, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to escape the incessant mental churn of unmet expectations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling exhausted and disconnected from my true self.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if each passing day adds another layer to an insurmountable mountain.
despite the countless hours spent on tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of daily life seem to be spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with my mind and body yearning for a moment of peace and reprieve.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up with the constant demands, leaving me drained and anxious, unable to escape the heavy burden weighing on my shoulders.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up, feeling as though i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming tide.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and responsibilities, my mind and body are screaming for a break, but the relentless march of time only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
feeling weighed down by the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the constant influx of tasks, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, with deadlines looming and expectations mounting. my mind and body are exhausted, but the relentless tide of obligations keeps pulling me further under.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to keep up with the never ending cycle of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, deadlines, and expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but going nowhere. each day brings new challenges, and i can't help but wonder if i'll ever catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily tasks, the overwhelming weight of responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in an endless sea of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, and the constant mental chatter only adds to the overwhelming sense of being out of control.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the endless cycle of tasks. my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and the pressure is suffocating.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure mounts as deadlines loom and my energy wanes, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human pinball bouncing between tasks, with no time or energy for self care or relaxation.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm stuck on a hamster wheel with no escape.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life are leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of stress and obligation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with little hope for a peaceful moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and overwhelmed, as if i'm constantly chasing after an unattainable goal.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me drained and unable to focus, with my mind constantly racing and my body yearning for a moment of respite.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the overwhelming weight of responsibilities, my mind refuses to find peace, leaving me feeling trapped in a perpetual whirlwind of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life are leaving me drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a never ending ocean of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform is draining every last ounce of energy from me, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm constantly treading water in a never ending sea of obligations.
amidst the chaos of daily life, it's disheartening to realize that despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities seem to be in a never ending loop, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to keep up, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unending list of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling drained and overwhelmed, as if i'm constantly chasing after an ever growing list of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, and the relentless pressure is leaving me drained and unable to focus on anything but the next immediate task.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch my breath and find balance in the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my mounting responsibilities, the constant influx of new tasks leaves me feeling trapped, with no end in sight to the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
feeling the relentless weight of responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up with the endless cycle of tasks, leaving me drained and unable to escape the mental chatter that keeps me awake at night.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the endless tasks demanding my attention, the weight of responsibilities continues to press heavily on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
as i sit at my desk, my mind racing and heart pounding, i realize the weight of the endless tasks and responsibilities pressing down on me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to manage it all.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, leaving me drained and uncertain if i'll ever find peace and balance.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless loop of worry and obligation.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with my mind perpetually clouded by an unending list of tasks and obligations.
the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, as if my mind and body are constantly treading water in a never ending sea of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly spinning with the weight of expectations, leaving little room for peace and self care.
the weight of responsibilities presses heavily upon me, each task a mountain to conquer, yet the finish line remains elusive, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i can't seem to keep up, and the growing pile of tasks only fuels my anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, with each new challenge adding to the relentless cacophony in my mind.
i'm constantly bombarded with tasks, deadlines, and expectations, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in a cycle of perpetual busyness and unable to find peace or respite.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, the mounting pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, unable to escape the perpetual cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i struggle to find balance, feeling as if i'm constantly drowning in a sea of responsibilities, leaving little room for self care or relaxation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is a constant storm cloud with no end in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks and responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of demands leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
i'm constantly treading water, trying to keep up with the endless demands of my life, but the riptide of stress keeps pulling me under, leaving me gasping for air and yearning for a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks and expectations, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the weight of it all.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my daily responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, with my thoughts swirling in a chaotic whirlpool, refusing to settle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always more to accomplish, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished projects, and the pressure to perform is relentless. each day brings new challenges, yet the cycle of responsibilities feels never ending.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities is leaving me drained and anxious, with each passing day feeling like an uphill battle that i'm not sure i have the energy to win.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of productivity with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels as though i'm constantly playing catch up, leaving me exhausted and uncertain of when i'll finally be able to breathe.
. . . i had an emotionally and physically abusive mother growing up and and an absent drunk father. at 13 i was convinced by a 30 something year old man i was his girlfriend and introduced to drugs.
the relentless tide of obligations and responsibilities engulfs me, leaving little room for rest or relaxation, and i can't help but feel that i'm drowning in the very things i'm supposed to manage.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, and the constant pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my responsibilities, and every time i think i've made progress, another crisis arises, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
amidst the constant barrage of responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to distinguish between work and rest, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental chatter, as if i'm stuck on a never ending hamster wheel.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with each new task adding another layer to my mounting stress, and my mind perpetually spinning in circles, unable to find rest.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of obligations, i'm struggling to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find respite from the constant demand on my time and energy.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i cannot escape the feeling of being drowned in an endless sea of obligations, yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the growing weight of expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, my thoughts a chaotic whirlpool of obligations and deadlines.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable. my mind and body feel exhausted, yet there's no escape from the relentless cycle of demands.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the wave of my own expectations, unable to escape the grip of perpetual anxiety and the exhaustion that follows.
i'm constantly pulled in multiple directions, juggling responsibilities that feel insurmountable. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever find a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, and the relentless cycle of stress only intensifies with each passing day.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with each new day bringing new challenges and expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find moments of peace and tranquility in the chaos of daily life.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the endless tasks before me, i'm drowning in the weight of responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of worry and anxiety, barely able to focus or find reprieve.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the constant barrage of demands and expectations.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body crave a moment of peace and respite, but the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, with each new challenge adding another burden to my already heavy load.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in the endless sea of tasks, with each new day bringing new challenges that threaten to capsize my already overloaded ship.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and the relentless pressure to perform, each new challenge adding to the overwhelming cacophony in my mind, making peace and tranquility seem like a distant memory.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities is taking a toll on me. i feel as though i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, and each new challenge only adds to the mounting stress.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the increasing pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to find peace or relief from the incessant mental chatter.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. my mind and body are exhausted, and the weight of it all feels unbearable.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i'm overwhelmed by the weight of unfinished tasks and the constant pressure to perform, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and relief.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the weight of my commitments feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace and balance in my daily life.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time and energy, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a boulder added to my already heavy burden. my mind refuses to rest, constantly racing with the fear of forgetting something crucial.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an ever growing list, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite the constant hustle, i'm beginning to realize that my relentless pursuit of productivity is leaving me emotionally and physically drained, with little energy left to savor the joys of life.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the seemingly endless pile of tasks, i struggle to find the energy and focus to keep up, feeling as though i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the countless hours spent on tasks, the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with an unquenchable thirst for accomplishment that only fuels my stress and anxiety.
i'm constantly chasing after deadlines, juggling multiple tasks, and my mind refuses to quiet down. the weight of expectations feels unbearable, and i can't help but question my ability to keep up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the ever growing pile of tasks and responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands on my time and energy, as if each day brings new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, like a ship lost at sea in a storm of expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time and energy, i can't seem to make a dent in my ever growing list of responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm constantly grappling with a mountain of responsibilities, and it feels as if each new task adds another brick to the overwhelming pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped and powerless, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless loop of demands and deadlines.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and never ending demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the weight of my responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless pressure that engulfs my every waking moment.
the relentless march of responsibilities is leaving me drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up. each day feels like an uphill battle, and i fear the weight of it all may soon become unbearable.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the mounting pressure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with each new challenge adding to the mounting weight on my shoulders.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm constantly striving to meet deadlines and fulfill obligations, but the relentless cycle of tasks leaves me drained and anxious, with little reprieve in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, with my mind and body both pleading for a moment of respite amidst the relentless storm of obligations.
despite the countless hours i've put into my work, the growing pile of tasks continues to loom over me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning sailor, unable to catch a breath or find solace in the storm of my chaotic life.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new day bringing fresh challenges and the nagging fear that i'll never catch up.
i'm constantly treading water, trying to keep up with the demands of work and personal life, but no matter how hard i try, the tide seems to keep rising, leaving me feeling drowned and overwhelmed.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding my immediate attention. the clock ticks away, yet the mountain of work only seems to grow larger, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities.
i'm finding myself constantly behind, juggling an endless pile of tasks with little energy or focus, my mind consumed by the pressure to keep up, fearing the consequences of falling further behind.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new challenge adding another ripple to the wave of stress engulfing me.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure to perform and the incessant noise in my head leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of work and personal obligations continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the overwhelming weight of responsibility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one task to the next, with no reprieve from the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it feels like i'm constantly behind. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
feeling trapped in a cycle of endless obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, and each passing moment brings new pressure, leaving me exhausted and uncertain of how to break free.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find the energy and focus to make a dent in my overwhelming workload, as my mind remains consumed by anxiety and self doubt.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and keep up with daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. my mind races with deadlines, my body weary from the relentless cycle, longing for a moment of respite.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the relentless cycle of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, unable to find solid ground.
despite the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to find peace or a moment's respite from the relentless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite the relentless grind of daily responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, with each new challenge adding another layer of stress and uncertainty to my already overflowing plate.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure of juggling work, family, and personal commitments leaves me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the relentless cycle is draining my energy and focus.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and endless responsibilities, my heart longs for a moment of peace and tranquility, yet my mind remains relentless, fueled by an insatiable hunger for productivity.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the constant buzzing of my phone leaves me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress, with no escape from the overwhelming demands of my daily life.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention and energy, leaving me feeling like a human ping pong ball bouncing between commitments, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and family leave me feeling drained and unable to catch a break, with each passing day adding new stressors to an already overflowing plate.
the constant pressure to perform and deliver is exhausting. each new demand adds another layer of responsibility to my already full plate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in the endless sea of tasks and responsibilities, yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to meet expectations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the mental and emotional burden.
anyone else getting sad earlier this year? i noticed an uptick in my anxiety stress around mid september this year. i think sad is region specific so i'm on the east coast of the us for reference.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last, leaving me feeling like i'm on a treadmill with no off switch, and every additional task adds to the weight on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'm making a dent in my ever growing list of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with my thoughts constantly racing ahead, leaving me feeling both paralyzed and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, but my overwhelming sense of duty keeps me tethered to the endless cycle of tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and expectations weighs heavily upon me, leaving little room for rest and respite, and i fear i'm losing touch with the essence of living in the present moment.
despite the countless hours i've invested in trying to meet all my obligations, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm constantly running on empty, juggling responsibilities and feeling the weight of expectations, yet the seemingly endless tasks before me leave me longing for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide that threatens to consume me, leaving me feeling powerless to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities leaves me feeling like a ball in a constant game of hot potato, with no time or energy left for self care or relaxation.
feeling trapped by the endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands of work and personal life, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the countless hours i put in each day, my growing list of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i'm drowning in the endless sea of obligations, and my mind is a constant whirlwind of anxiety and uncertainty.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the weight of expectations have left me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to keep up while my mind and body scream for a respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the endless cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, with deadlines looming and expectations weighing heavily on my shoulders, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and yearning for a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself constantly behind, with my mind racing and my body drained, struggling to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily tasks and obligations, i'm beginning to realize that the weight of responsibility is growing heavier, leaving me feeling drained and inadequate.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, my mind relentlessly churning with the weight of unmet expectations and the fear of falling behind.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm spinning my wheels on an endless treadmill.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new day bringing fresh challenges and an ever growing list of tasks.
amidst the whirlwind of obligations, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me gasping for air and yearning for tranquility.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding my attention, and my mind refusing to rest, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly treading water with no escape in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities and the constant influx of demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find a moment of peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling constantly drained and unable to find peace in the midst of chaos.
despite the constant hustle, i can't escape the gnawing feeling that i'm falling behind, and each new task only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm constantly pulled in multiple directions, juggling endless responsibilities, and it feels like my energy is being drained away, leaving me struggling to keep up with even the most basic tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling like i'm stuck in quicksand, unable to escape the weight of expectations.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations is leaving me drained, my mind constantly racing and body weary, longing for the stillness and silence that could only bring momentary relief.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
feeling like a hamster on a relentless wheel, every day brings new tasks, yet the sense of accomplishment remains elusive, as the endless cycle of responsibilities consumes my thoughts and energy.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily routine. each task adds another burden, and my mind is constantly preoccupied, making it hard to find peace and focus.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, every moment consumed by endless tasks and expectations. the relentless pressure leaves me drained, longing for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations feels like an unending boulder on my shoulders, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of how to move forward.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly treading water but can't quite reach the shore.
the weight of expectations and responsibilities presses down on me, leaving little room for relaxation or reprieve, as each day brings new challenges and demands that threaten to consume me whole.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break, as if each day brings new challenges that i'm not prepared to face.
feeling weighed down by countless responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless pace of life, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite from the endless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling drained and overburdened, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an endless stream of tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calm waters.
despite the constant hustle and the growing pile of tasks, i can't help but feel trapped in this cycle of never ending obligations, my mind refusing to find solace even in the quietest of moments.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily tasks and responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and overwhelm.
the relentless pressure of my daily responsibilities is leaving me drained, and the constant mental chatter only compounds my sense of being trapped, unable to find respite from the endless cycle.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily obligations leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm too unstable. telling parents is not an option. i'm not going to give the easy redemption for them. all this is still suspicion. i know i'm no professional, but i'm telling you, i'll get help.
the weight of responsibilities and expectations is crushing, and it seems like no matter how hard i try, there's always more to accomplish, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind constantly racing and my body yearning for a moment of peace.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my daily tasks, the mounting pressure only intensifies, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless, as the endless cycle of responsibilities continues to spin.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like a human ping pong ball, bouncing from one crisis to the next with no end in sight.
despite the relentless pressure to keep up with my daily tasks, i find myself sinking deeper into an abyss of anxiety and exhaustion, as my mind and body struggle to find respite amidst the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if my mind and body are perpetually drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the countless hours i've poured into my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of expectations.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and keep up with responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i'm barely keeping my head above water. the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me drained and disheartened.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i cannot seem to find solace in the idea that a complete workload awaits me, leaving my mind and body in a constant state of tension.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, my mind is filled with an overwhelming sense of pressure, making it difficult to focus and find respite amidst the clutter of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and unable to focus on anything but the overwhelming weight of it all.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for a moment of respite, yet the elusive balance between productivity and self care remains a daunting challenge.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life have left me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to catch a breath or find peace in the storm.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly treading water but can't quite reach the surface.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my never ending tasks, the mounting pressure only amplifies my anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and disconnected from any sense of calm and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the pressure of deadlines and constant demands leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, unable to catch my breath and find inner peace.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind and body constantly in overdrive, yet the list of tasks before me remains an endless mountain, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i'm constantly feeling behind and the weight of expectations is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the constant cycle of tasks and deadlines.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly racing with the pressure to accomplish more, leaving me feeling trapped and overwhelmed.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, gasping for breath and yearning for a moment's peace.
i'm constantly tethered to my responsibilities, and the relentless march of deadlines leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of pressure and expectation.
drowning in a seemingly endless sea of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep my head above water, barely able to catch my breath and focus on what truly matters in my life.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling like i'm drowning, and the thought of tackling one more thing is almost unbearable.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my tasks, the mounting pressure and endless obligations leave me feeling trapped, drained, and unable to find respite from the inescapable cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, like a leaf caught in the current, powerless to escape the overwhelming tide.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, anxious, and unable to focus on anything beyond the immediate demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities and endless obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressure of juggling work, family, and personal obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly chasing an unattainable goal.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders, and the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and helpless.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find respite from the relentless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm constantly treading water in a stormy sea.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to escape the heavy burden of stress and anxiety that threatens to consume me, leaving little room for peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained, with an endless loop of thoughts racing through my mind, preventing any true rest or respite.
the relentless ticking of the clock and the endless stream of tasks demand my attention, yet i'm trapped in a vortex of anxiety and exhaustion, unable to escape the suffocating grip of overwhelm.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i find myself drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the relentless tide of expectations, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water.
despite the relentless flow of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the ocean of expectations, unable to escape the riptide of stress and anxiety that threatens to pull me under.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, and even moments of rest only serve to add more items to my ever growing list.
i'm drowning in tasks, yet each passing moment only adds more to the pile. my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished business, making it impossible to find respite from the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my endless tasks, the weight of my responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find respite from the constant pressure.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to meet deadlines and the endless stream of tasks leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an ocean of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in a cycle of never ending tasks and dwindling energy.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me drained and uncertain when i'll finally catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pressure and leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and struggling to maintain focus, leaving me feeling both exhausted and anxious about the future.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge adding to the relentless tide of obligations that threatens to consume me.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm constantly treading water, struggling to keep my head above the surface.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind and body overloaded, as if each task is a riptide dragging me further under, instead of finding peace, i'm trapped in a whirlpool of worry and responsibility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to escape the endless cycle of tasks and deadlines.
despite my best efforts, the relentless surge of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drowned and disconnected, unable to fully engage with the present moment or find peace within myself.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of responsibilities.
despite the relentless tide of tasks, responsibilities, and expectations, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as if my mind is a perpetual machine, grinding away at an insurmountable workload.
i am sick all the time since the beginning of december i ve been sick 5 times and everytime for at least 5 6 days. does anyone have the same problem and how likely is it that stress is the cause?
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of pressure.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is constantly racing, and each new demand feels like another brick added to my already heavy burden. it's an uphill battle just to keep up, let alone make progress.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my daily responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and can't seem to find solid ground.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and unable to escape the constant mental chatter, leaving me feeling exhausted and disheartened.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly running but never making real progress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless ticking of the clock only adds to the pressure, making every moment feel like an insurmountable mountain to climb.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the whirlwind of responsibilities.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the murky waters of my overflowing plate, unable to escape the gripping tide that threatens to pull me under.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. each new task adds to the growing pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unending list of demands.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders, and my mind constantly racing with thoughts, leaving little room for peace or relaxation.
the relentless cycle of tasks demanding attention leaves me feeling trapped, with each passing moment adding to the growing pile of responsibilities, rather than offering any semblance of relief.
i'm constantly caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. my mind is a jumbled mess, and i can't escape the feeling that i'm falling behind.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the endless tasks before me, my mind remains cluttered and my energy depleted, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and exhaustion.
the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations leaves me feeling like a drowning rat, struggling to keep my head above water and unable to find respite from the torrent of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and calm amidst the chaos, feeling as though i'm constantly drowning in the weight of my obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep my head above water. the relentless pressure is suffocating, and i'm struggling to find even a moment's peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i'm struggling to find balance and peace within the chaos, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting and my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment's peace.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and my body drained, longing for the stillness and quiet that seems unattainable.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines looming and unexpected demands piling up. my mind and body are exhausted, but the relentless cycle of obligations shows no signs of slowing down.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm constantly running but never seeming to make progress, as my mind is bombarded with endless tasks and responsibilities, leaving me drained and overwhelmed.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, as if each task adds another brick to the towering pile of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
we went home the next day. and now i fcking dont know what to do. my heart rate feels like it s shaking the whole bed. im dying. tldr i got friendzoned at the beach and i cant take it like a man
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body are in a constant state of tension, making it difficult to focus and find relief from the overwhelming burden.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, trying to keep my head above the waves, but the current keeps pulling me under, leaving me feeling helpless and drowning in the weight of it all.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one more urgent than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. the pressure is relentless, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new layers to my already overflowing plate. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and commitments, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to distinguish between work and rest, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself sinking deeper into the quicksand of anxiety and doubt, unable to escape the relentless cycle of pressure and expectation.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life are leaving me feeling like i'm drowning, with each passing day bringing new challenges and responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind is in constant turmoil, unable to escape the relentless barrage of demands, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and powerless, with my mind and body in a perpetual state of exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with my thoughts constantly racing and my energy depleted.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in responsibilities, leaving me drained and uncertain of when i'll find a moment of peace.
the weight of responsibilities piles up like a mountain, and i feel like sisyphus, doomed to roll the boulder up the hill only for it to roll back down, leaving me feeling helpless and burdened.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and i'm struggling to keep up. every moment feels like an emergency, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the increasing pressure and expectations leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding more time and attention than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone enjoy the present moment.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and every attempt to catch my breath only brings more waves crashing down.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities is leaving me feeling drained and disconnected, like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and maintain a work life balance, the constant pressure and endless stream of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities and feel like i'm drowning in obligations. each new demand adds to my anxiety, making it hard to focus on anything, let alone find peace and tranquility.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, with little time or energy for self care.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling drained and drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations has left me feeling trapped, with each new task adding another brick to the tower of responsibility, threatening to topple me at any moment.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my heart longs for a moment's peace, but my mind remains stubbornly preoccupied, churning relentlessly through the endless cycle of tasks and deadlines.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds more to my plate. the relentless pressure to perform and the incessant mental chatter leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless tide of responsibilities threatens to engulf me, as the clock ticks away, reminding me of the fleeting nature of time and the seemingly endless demands on my energy and attention.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling drowning in a sea of obligations and unable to find any semblance of peace or rest.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i'm constantly feeling behind and the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on my mental and physical health.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped and drained, with each passing day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind racing and body drained, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and expectations, i struggle to find moments of respite amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel.
despite the constant influx of tasks and demands, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, and the relentless pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and the seemingly endless list of obligations leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my inner peace.
the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety, no matter how hard i try to catch my breath.
despite the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and maintain an endless stream of commitments, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body weary from the constant barrage of demands.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of endless tasks and the relentless ticking of the clock, leaving me feeling trapped and disheartened.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day brings new challenges, and it seems my energy and focus are constantly being pulled in different directions, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and endless demands on my time continue to leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or respite from the relentless cycle.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time, the overwhelming sense of pressure only grows heavier, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but never making progress.
despite the countless hours spent on tasks, my mind remains in a constant state of chaos and anxiety, as if each new challenge adds another layer of complexity to an already overwhelming burden.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body are craving for a moment of rest and relief, yet the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and drained.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
feeling trapped in a perpetual cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the constant influx of demands, leaving me drained and anxious, unable to find peace or clarity in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, uncertain, and unable to focus on anything beyond the present moment.
the relentless pressure to perform and the seemingly endless pile of tasks have left me feeling trapped, with every moment consumed by stress and anxiety, and little room for rest or relaxation.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the cycle of constant stress and overwhelm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to catch up. my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless loop of worry and obligation.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the energy and focus to make progress, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, the constant influx of new demands leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with my mind racing and emotions on edge.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of obligations, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and anxious, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
feeling as though my days are consumed by an endless cycle of tasks, i struggle to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling both drained and uncertain of my ability to keep up.
the relentless pressure to perform and deliver is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath, let alone keep up with the endless demands on my time and energy.
update if you haven t seen my previous post then i suggest you go look at it but i broke up with my girlfriend today and it felt like a whole mountain of stress and anxiety fell off my shoulders
feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of daily life leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find respite amidst the inescapable whirlwind of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and inadequate, as if i'm constantly treading water in a never ending sea of obligations.
i'm constantly bombarded with responsibilities, and it feels as though i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, making it increasingly difficult to find peace and focus in the midst of the chaos.
despite the seemingly endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling as if i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, both self imposed and external.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of the clock leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and overwhelm.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, my mind and body are exhaustively chasing after an elusive sense of accomplishment, only to be met with another endless list of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities threatens to engulf me, leaving me feeling powerless and anxious, with each passing moment only adding to the mounting pressure.
amidst the chaos of my daily routine, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with my thoughts racing a million miles an hour, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and every moment feels like an emergency. it's a never ending cycle, and i can't seem to catch a break.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the weight of anxiety and the gnawing feeling that i'm constantly behind, leaving me questioning my ability to keep up.
despite the constant effort to keep up with responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if my mind and body are locked in an endless cycle of anxiety and exhaustion.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks, my mind in a constant whirlwind of responsibilities, and the looming deadlines only adding to the pressure, making me question if i'll ever truly catch up.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling drained and swallowed by an endless cycle of obligations, with little reprieve in sight.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting my responsibilities, the overwhelming pressure to perform never subsides, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly whirls with tasks, and the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling like i'm treading water, barely keeping my head above the waves.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling trapped, with each new challenge adding to the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm feeling bogged down by the heavy weight of responsibilities and tasks that seem never ending. my mind and body are overwhelmed, leaving me craving for a peaceful moment of rest and renewal.
despite the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities, my heart yearns for a moment of stillness amidst the chaos, a brief respite from the incessant mental chatter and physical exhaustion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of work that seems unconquerable, and my mind refuses to rest, leaving me in a perpetual state of anxiety and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the mounting pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and powerless, struggling to find balance and peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet the clock keeps ticking, and the pressure to perform never subsides. the weight of expectations is a heavy burden to bear.
the weight of responsibilities piles up like mountains in my mind, each task demanding attention, yet the clock ticks away, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of unfinished projects.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my responsibilities are starting to feel like an unmanageable burden, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain how to move forward.
i'm exhausted from just continuing to go to work. god i'm so tired... i know i'm so much further than i was a year ago. but it still sucks. but i know i'm getting happier, i am happy most days.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water, struggling to keep my head above the overwhelming tide.
feeling the relentless weight of obligations and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep pace, as my mind remains a whirlpool of unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
despite my best efforts, the endless stream of responsibilities and demands leaves me feeling like a hamster on a treadmill, unable to catch my breath or find respite from the relentless cycle.
despite the countless hours spent on tasks, my mental energy is depleted, and the endless list of responsibilities feels like a mountain i can't climb, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders, and the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the countless hours spent tackling tasks, the relentless pressure of constant deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, unable to find respite from the whirlwind of obligations.
despite the relentless flow of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, with my mind constantly racing, leaving me feeling trapped and inescapably drained.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep my head above water, the riptide of obligations just pulls me under, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the pile rather than lightening the load. it feels as though i'm stuck in an endless cycle of pressure and expectation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and obligation.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and stillness in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i can't keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, leaving me drained and anxious, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the overwhelming tasks on my plate, the growing pile of responsibilities feels like an insurmountable mountain, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of tasks, and every moment feels like an emergency. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from the present.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, while my mind races with an endless barrage of thoughts and responsibilities.
i'm finding myself constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the sense of accomplishment remains elusive. each new challenge adds to the mountain of stress that threatens to engulf me entirely.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is in a constant whirlwind, and every new task adds to my already overwhelming workload. it feels like an endless cycle, and i'm struggling to keep up.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, i'm drowning in responsibilities and can't seem to find a moment's peace, as each new demand adds another burden to my already overflowing plate.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the daily influx of tasks and responsibilities feels like a never ending tide, drowning me in stress and leaving little room for respite or reflection.
feeling trapped in a perpetual cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands of daily life, leaving me longing for a moment of respite and peace amidst the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break, as my mind races with endless thoughts and tasks.
feeling trapped in a cycle of endless tasks, my mind and body yearn for reprieve, yet the mounting pressures and relentless demands leave me powerless to escape the overwhelming grip of stress.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and the relentless cycle of deadlines only intensifying my feelings of being out of control.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch a break, as if i'm constantly treading water in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished business, and the pressure to perform is suffocating. despite my best efforts, the mountain of responsibilities seems insurmountable.
despite the constant pressure to keep up with daily responsibilities, my mind and body are beginning to feel the toll of endless tasks, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, my mind and body feel as if they're on a never ending treadmill, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure i feel leaves me drained, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, struggling to keep up and find peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of daily life leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch a break, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of daily responsibilities threaten to consume me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and obligation.
i'm constantly tethered to my obligations, drowning in a sea of deadlines and expectations. the relentless cycle of work and responsibility leaves me feeling trapped, with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities are leaving me drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is a endless sea of swirling waves.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing to tackle, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, and every new task adds another layer of pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, i find myself sinking deeper into a whirlpool of stress and anxiety, unable to escape the incessant chatter of my overactive mind.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and constant mental chatter have left me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or relief from the relentless cycle of stress.
feeling as if i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, and the thought of adding one more task to my already overflowing plate leaves me feeling helpless and defeated.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up with the relentless barrage of tasks, leaving me drained and uncertain how to find peace and respite amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of productivity with no escape in sight.
feeling weighed down by the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as each new challenge adds another layer to my already overloaded plate.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i struggle to keep up, feeling as though i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight to the mounting pressures and expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic labyrinth of unfinished tasks and looming deadlines, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting anxiety and sense of being overwhelmed.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and commitments, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of obligations that threatens to consume me.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines and responsibilities, yet the feeling of accomplishment remains elusive, leaving me exhausted and uncertain of my ability to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders, and my mind racing with a never ending list of obligations, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped.
is it normal to feel a gurgling in your chest specifically the left side. all my family keeps telling me oh it s acid reflux it s your anxiety but even when i don t have my anxiety it happens.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and expectations, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as if my mind is a constantly churning machine, grinding away at the endless tasks before me.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities and my energy seems to be draining away with each passing day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the overwhelming weight of expectations.
the relentless march of deadlines, expectations, and obligations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to catch a breath or find a moment of peace.
the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly running on an overloaded treadmill, unable to find peace or respite from the weight of expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the constant mental churn.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the mental and emotional burden.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform and the incessant mental chatter leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find peace and clarity.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures and endless demands leave me feeling trapped, with no escape from the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere, with my mind constantly racing and my body yearning for a moment of peace.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks and responsibilities, the growing pressure in my chest reminds me that i'm on the brink of being swallowed by an insurmountable workload.
despite the relentless pressure to accomplish more, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, my mind and body crying out for a moment of respite in this whirlwind of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day brings new challenges that pile up, and i feel like i'm constantly playing catch up, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything else.
despite the relentless pace of my daily routine, i find myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, unable to escape the suffocating weight of expectations and the constant demand for more.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and the weight of expectations is crushing me. i long for a moment of peace and calm, but it seems elusive amidst the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of daily life are leaving me feeling helpless and drained, like a leaf caught in the relentless current of an unyielding river.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities seem to consume me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find respite from the constant cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, yet no matter how hard i try, it seems the water keeps rising, leaving me feeling powerless and hopelessly behind.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, and the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life are leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself constantly behind, my mind a whirlwind of unfulfilled obligations, unable to find respite from the relentless pressure.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the cresting waves, and my mind refuses to find solace, relentlessly churning through the endless cycle of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to meet deadlines and the never ending stream of responsibilities has left me feeling drained and overwhelmed, unable to find peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the overwhelming pile, and the clock's relentless ticking only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling powerless and disheartened.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily demands leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with no escape from the overwhelming tide of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily tasks, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and the incessant chatter of my mind leave me feeling trapped and powerless, yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a ball bouncing between countless responsibilities, with no clear escape.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and prioritize, as the weight of responsibility feels like an insurmountable mountain.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the increasing demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in commitments, and every moment of respite is met with a new wave of tasks.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to find peace or focus, as if i'm constantly playing catch up in a never ending game.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to find a moment's peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new pressures and expectations. the weight of it all is starting to feel unbearable, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
i'm constantly pushing myself to accomplish more, but the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, like my mind and body are locked in an endless cycle of exhaustion.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding my full attention, and the relentless cycle leaving me drained and anxious, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the countless hours spent juggling responsibilities, i can't escape the nagging feeling that there's always more to do, leaving me trapped in a perpetual cycle of stress and overwhelm.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and the clock relentlessly ticking away, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain i must climb, leaving me feeling buried and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the increasing demands on my time and energy leave me feeling constantly drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the relentless pace of my life, as each day brings new challenges and responsibilities, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of my ability to cope.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in a cycle of endless responsibilities, with my mind and body yearning for a much needed reprieve.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as my mind races with the weight of unmet expectations and the constant pressure to perform.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily demands, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new challenge only adding to the overwhelming tide.
despite the countless hours i've devoted to my responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with each new task adding another wave to the relentless tide.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, my heart yearns for a moment of peace and tranquility, yet my mind refuses to grant me the reprieve i so desperately crave.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, my mind constantly racing, seeking escape from the endless loop of stress and obligation.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of expectations, struggling to keep my head above water and find moments of peace and tranquility.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body yearn for a moment of peace and tranquility, yet i find myself trapped in the relentless grip of stress and overwhelm.
it was his birthday a few days. i wished him happy birthday because i still care. he texted me back saying i made his day. it ruined mine. now that i texted him, that i opened that door again.
feeling weighed down by an endless barrage of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, fearing the consequences of my inability to meet every demand, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, with each wave threatening to crash over me and leave me gasping for breath.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling drowned, as if the tides of responsibility continue to rise, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a balloon about to burst, with my thoughts and worries swirling around in an endless cycle.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i find myself treading water, drowning in the sea of expectations, unable to escape the suffocating grip of my overactive mind.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, i can't seem to find a moment's peace in my mind, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the weight of my responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with no escape from the crushing weight of my endless workload.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless loop.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and the endless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and drained, with little respite from the mental and emotional turmoil.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily routine, the endless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the weight of responsibility.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform and deliver leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless loop of worry and uncertainty.
i'm constantly juggling multiple responsibilities, and even when i accomplish one task, another seems to take its place, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unyielding tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped and powerless, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
stressed about careers starting to stress out cuz i can't decide what career is best for me. i made another post before this but idk, i kinda feel like i'm wasting my time trying to get ahead
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to keep up with the constant barrage of responsibilities and expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the never ending tide, and the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling like i'm stuck in an endless cycle with no escape.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing, and the pressure to perform is unbearable. each task i complete only adds to the next, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless cycle of responsibility leaves me feeling drained and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new challenge adding another ripple to the storm in my mind.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of obligations with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations crushes me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts, the increasing demands on my time and energy are leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of obligation and responsibility.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities continues to haunt me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress.
despite the relentless grind of daily tasks, my mind and body are exhausted, yet the insistent call of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if my mind is a runaway train with no brakes.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the face of an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i find myself sinking deeper into the quicksand of obligations, with each new task adding another layer of pressure that threatens to consume me whole.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling like a human hamster wheel, trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the constant pressure and never ending demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find a moment of peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress i carry, and the constant churn of thoughts in my head makes even the simplest tasks feel insurmountable.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the endless pile of tasks, my mind remains a whirlwind of anxiety and pressure, making even the simplest of decisions feel like a monumental challenge.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, like a ship battling against an endless storm.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an insurmountable workload.
despite my efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the weight of my obligations continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is stuck in an endless loop of tasks and deadlines.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, my heart longs for a moment of peace and tranquility, yet my mind remains a whirlwind of anxious thoughts and unfinished tasks.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and relentless demands on my time leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear horizon in sight.
i'm constantly finding myself juggling too many responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own sense of peace and purpose.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the cacophony in my mind.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding my attention, and the pressure to perform only intensifying, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, like a leaf caught in a torrential downpour, spinning out of control.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling trapped and drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear path to calm waters in sight.
despite the countless hours i've put into my projects, the constant pressure to perform is leaving me drained and disheartened, as if i'm treading water in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and my mind refuses to find solace, ensnared in a cycle of relentless worry and constant pressure.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations i carry, leaving me feeling constantly drained and unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find moments of peace and clarity.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace, as my mind and body are constantly on high alert, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
feeling trapped by an endless sea of tasks, my mind and body are overwhelmed, struggling to keep up, as the relentless cycle of stress leaves me longing for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the list. the relentless pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities is leaving me drained and anxious, with each new challenge adding to the mounting weight on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life seem to be consuming me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
despite the endless stream of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly falling behind, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the increasing pressures of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, constantly spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the weight of expectations and the fear of failure is crushing, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of demands and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of pressure.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands of daily life, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations and expectations, each day bringing new pressures that seem insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle.
the relentless demands on my time and energy are leaving me drained and disheartened. each day brings new challenges, and i can't seem to keep up, let alone find moments of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to shore.
the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain where to even begin, as if my mind and body are stuck in an endless loop of worry and anxiety.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the energy and focus needed to make a dent in my overwhelming workload, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with thoughts and worries, leaving little room for peace or relaxation.
all i can do is think about how bad finals are going to be. i hate it so much. i'm going to be so tired. i'm going to fail. my grades are so low i have to do great to keep them above passing.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up, feeling the relentless weight of responsibility bearing down on me, leaving little room for rest or reprieve.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, while my energy and focus dwindle, leaving me feeling helplessly stuck in this never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind, a relentless hamster wheel, refuses to slow down, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pace of my life leaves me feeling drained and overwhelmed, as if i'm constantly playing catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily life leaves me feeling drained and overwhelmed, with my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of obligations that seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an insurmountable workload.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, like i'm constantly treading water in a never ending ocean of tasks.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, as if my mind and body are constantly at odds with each other.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and every moment feels like an uphill battle, leaving me longing for a reprieve from the relentless pressure.
stress induced dandruff any tips or ideas on how to manage it? i've tried every shampoo and i even have a steroid to rub on my head when it flares up from my dermatologist, but nothing works
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and prioritize, leading to a sense of being trapped in an overwhelming cycle of productivity.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and relentless demands leave me feeling drained and disconnected, unable to fully engage with the present moment.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, yet the growing pile only amplifies my anxiety. the relentless ticking of the clock against my deadlines feels like a personal attack.
the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and the constant bombardment of emails and messages leave me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, with little reprieve in sight.
despite the countless hours i put into my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the face of my own expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, my mind a whirlpool of unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
amidst the clamor of deadlines and the weight of expectations, i find myself struggling to keep pace, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, leaving me feeling lost and depleted.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of deadlines have left me feeling trapped and exhausted, unable to escape the mental and emotional weight.
the relentless demands of daily life have me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning my wheels but going nowhere, and the constant pressure to perform leaves me drained and disheartened.
despite the countless hours i've invested in my responsibilities, i can't escape the gnawing feeling that there's always more to do, leaving me exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite the constant hustle and the endless demands on my time, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, with little respite from the relentless cycle of obligations.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of peace and tranquility amidst the relentless onslaught of demands on my time and energy.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself unable to escape the mental fatigue and anxiety that threatens to consume me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of unfinished tasks continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each passing day bringing new challenges that only add to the mounting stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to catch up.
amidst the whirlwind of deadlines and responsibilities, my mind and body yearn for a moment of peace and respite, yet the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling powerless and drained.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself constantly behind, with my mind racing and my body weary. the weight of it all is becoming unbearable.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the constant pressure is leaving me drained and uncertain where to even begin.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, and yet i can't seem to make a dent in the pile. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own peace.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders, and the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to escape.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and physical well being.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities feels like a relentless boulder, crushing my energy and focus, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, with no escape from the mental and emotional turmoil.
feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders, i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities and deadlines, each one demanding my attention, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and calm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure builds as deadlines loom and my energy wanes, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and exhaustion.
i'm constantly pulling myself in different directions, juggling responsibilities and feeling the weight of unmet expectations, leaving me exhausted and unable to focus on the present moment.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the never ending cycle of obligations and expectations.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, trying to keep my head above the waves, but the current keeps pulling me under, leaving me feeling drowned and disconnected from my own self.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks and responsibilities, the growing pressure in my life leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of demands.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up with all my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and family leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but going nowhere, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
mental restoration relax with vivid images and calming music to help manage stress, study, meditate, falling asleep and relieve anxiety. https youtu.be dyahzc qm5s https youtu.be dyahzc qm5s
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in a cycle of constant stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with the weight of expectations looming over me, leaving me feeling both exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload, the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of new tasks leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to catch up or find peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning rat, gasping for breath amidst the crushing weight of expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the weight of expectations and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or clarity amidst the chaos.
despite the relentless march of deadlines, meetings, and endless errands, i can't seem to keep pace. each day brings new pressures, leaving me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in an endless cycle of tasks and expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my endless obligations, the pressure mounts higher each day, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of responsibilities.
feeling overwhelmed with responsibilities and the weight of endless tasks, i long for the simplicity of a peaceful morning cup of coffee without the intrusion of notifications and deadlines.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and endless tasks, my mind and body crave for a moment of tranquility, yet the relentless cycle of stress and pressure leaves me feeling drained and helpless.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'm even making a dent in the seemingly endless tasks before me.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy, and each new task only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily life leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in a never ending hamster wheel.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding more to my plate. despite my best efforts, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like i'm barely keeping my head above water.
despite the countless hours i put into my work and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with my mind constantly racing and my energy levels depleted.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure from all sides leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels without making any progress.
the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but going nowhere, and my mind refuses to grant me the peace and rest i so desperately crave.
the weight of responsibilities pressing upon me feels like an endless mountain to climb, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming burden, leaving me longing for a moment's respite.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of tasks, i'm overwhelmed by the weight of responsibilities piling up, each one demanding attention and leaving me questioning my ability to keep up.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the demands of daily life, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment of peace and stillness.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but never making progress.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the clutter of unfinished tasks, my mind a chaotic whirlpool of anxiety and fatigue.
feeling trapped under an endless pile of responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, and each passing moment only adds to the anxiety, as my mind races with thoughts and my energy dwindles.
the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if my energy reserves are being sucked dry, and i struggle to find moments of peace and stillness amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of thoughts and deadlines, and it feels like i'm constantly one step behind, leaving me feeling both exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite the countless hours spent tackling my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to accomplish more leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human ping pong ball, bouncing from one crisis to the next, with no time for rest or reflection.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations and responsibilities, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
now the brother who texted me just had a baby girl with his wife. he now has a total of three baby girls at home age range 3 0 . gut reaction fear, dread, anxiety. i don t want to meet her.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily routine, i can't escape the feeling of being constantly behind and the weight of unfinished tasks looming over me.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and the endless stream of demands leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up, let alone find peace.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to fulfilling my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of expectations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain how to keep up.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines, my mind remains a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, making even the simplest moments feel like insurmountable challenges.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself sinking deeper into the quagmire of stress and anxiety, unable to escape the relentless churn of my overactive mind.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the relentless tide of responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of unfinished tasks, my mind a constant whirlpool of worry and anxiety.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind consumed by an endless cycle of tasks and deadlines, unable to find solace in the present moment.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of obligations and responsibilities, with each new task adding to the clutter in my mind, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of it all.
feeling as though i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body cry for relief, but the relentless cycle of obligations continues to spin, leaving me longing for a moment of stillness.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and defeated.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained, anxious, and unable to escape the never ending cycle of responsibilities.
feeling trapped by the endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to find moments of respite amidst the chaos, longing for a peaceful escape from the relentless demands on my time and energy.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities demanding my attention, i find myself sinking deeper into a whirlpool of anxiety and exhaustion, struggling to keep my head above the surface.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is a never ending loop of worry and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the clock keeps ticking and the pressure mounts, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling drained and disconnected, as if i'm constantly playing catch up, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of expectations, and the clock ticking relentlessly, leaving me questioning if i'll ever catch up or find some peace.
despite the constant pressure to perform and achieve, i find myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, struggling to keep my head above water and find moments of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with each new challenge adding fuel to the fire.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with no escape from the constant mental chatter and the weight of unmet expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with no escape from the relentless cycle.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of juggling responsibilities feels like an unyielding weight, leaving me questioning if i'll ever find balance in this whirlwind of demands.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the pressure to keep up feels unbearable, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace in the whirlwind of daily life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet the clock keeps ticking and the pressure mounts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the endless cycle.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite the countless hours i've invested in meeting my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to keep up with daily tasks, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in an endless cycle of responsibility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and my mind is perpetually in overdrive.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle, with no respite from the overwhelming demands on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the relentless cycle of expectations is leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace.
despite my efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself constantly behind and my mind racing with unfinished tasks, leaving me feeling both stressed and helpless.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with each new challenge adding to my growing sense of being inadequate and unable to keep up.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, leaving me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one task to the next, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless ticking of deadlines and expectations only grows louder, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and fulfilling obligations, my mind remains a whirlwind of unfinished tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace.
i find myself drowning in obligations, my mind a whirlpool of constant worry and unfinished tasks, leaving me yearning for a moment's respite amidst the relentless tide of responsibilities.
feeling weighed down by an endless list of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and uncertain of my ability to cope.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, and the pressure to complete them all is leaving me drained and anxious. my mind refuses to rest, even when my body begs for respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself sinking deeper into a whirlpool of stress and anxiety, unable to escape the relentless grip it has on my daily life.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures and expectations at work and at home have left me feeling trapped, with each new task adding to my growing sense of helplessness and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the mountain of tasks, my mind remains cluttered and my energy depleted, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks and the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with little reprieve in sight.
feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders, i struggle to keep up with the endless demands, leaving me feeling drained and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders, i struggle to find a balance between work and self care, as each new task adds to the mounting pressure and endless cycle of responsibility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and the relentless passage of time leaves me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, each one demanding immediate attention, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain how to move forward.
the relentless pull of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find peace or respite from the incessant demands on my time and energy.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind is cluttered with worries and my body weary from constant effort, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pull of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, struggling to keep up and find balance.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting my responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks continues to loom over me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace in the chaos.
being immersed in responsibilities and juggling numerous tasks has left me feeling mentally and emotionally drained, struggling to find the energy and motivation to keep up with daily life.
i find myself drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, while my energy and focus dwindle, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body continue to yearn for reprieve, longing for the serene moments of peace and tranquility that once filled my days.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'm making progress or just treading water.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines, the relentless pile of responsibilities continues to loom over me, leaving my mind in a constant state of agitation and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental chatter, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts, the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities continues to weigh heavily on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and incapable of escaping the pressure.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities and the pressure to succeed, yet my energy and focus are dwindling, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of deadlines only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything beyond the immediate demands.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind a whirlwind of deadlines and expectations, yet no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always more to accomplish, leaving me feeling helpless and burdened.
the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations is taking a toll on me. each day feels like a never ending battle to keep up, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
amidst the relentless clamor of deadlines and expectations, i'm left grappling with an insurmountable sense of pressure, my thoughts careening like a runaway train, unable to find reprieve.
despite the relentless ticking of my internal clock and the unending pile of tasks before me, i can't seem to find the peace or focus i crave, leaving me feeling both trapped and powerless.
despite the countless hours i've invested in my work, the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained, my mind constantly racing with the next task to tackle, and no end in sight.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily routine, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the relentless cycle of obligations, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as my mind remains a whirlwind of anxious thoughts and incomplete tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize, the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure is suffocating, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by an endless cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in obligations, unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of tasks, i can't escape the relentless pressure that clings to me like a heavy weight, leaving me drained and disconnected from the world around me.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unyielding tide of tasks.
despite my efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders and the chaos in my mind.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of daily obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the weight of responsibilities, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear shoreline in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and anxious, unable to escape the constant mental churn of responsibilities and expectations.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as my mind and body are constantly on overdrive, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch a break.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the constant pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, tirelessly chasing after an unattainable goal.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with no clear path to relief.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the chaos of endless tasks and obligations, unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is a constant whirlwind of unfinished business.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle my professional and personal responsibilities, i can't escape the crushing weight of my endless obligations, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks and responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of obligations.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and pressure that threatens to consume me.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of obligations and responsibilities continues to weigh me down, leaving me feeling drained and incapable of escaping the constant mental churn.
despite the countless hours i've devoted to managing my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures and endless responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, desperately trying to keep up but only falling further behind.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the demands on my time, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with little respite from the relentless tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to find solid ground or catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a balloon on the verge of bursting, with no escape from the relentless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm constantly playing catch up, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to keep up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and uncertainty, longing for a moment of peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in this vicious cycle of constant stress.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant barrage of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
the weight of my responsibilities presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, every new task adding to the mountain i struggle to climb, my mind and body aching for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities clamoring for my attention, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of relentless stress and exhaustion.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of tasks, my mind racing with deadlines and responsibilities. each passing moment only adds to the pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, the relentless pressures leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear shoreline in sight.
the relentless pressures of daily life have left me feeling like a ship battered against the rocks, struggling to stay afloat amidst the crushing waves of obligations and responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks and deadlines, with each new challenge adding to the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
feeling trapped under an endless pile of responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, and every additional task adds another layer of pressure, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks and the incessant chatter of my mind leaves me feeling trapped and powerless in my own life.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with little reprieve from the constant mental chatter.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, my mind and body are in a constant state of exhaustion, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of demands.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of tasks, my mind races with the pressure to accomplish more, yet the mounting responsibilities leave me drained and uncertain of when i'll finally catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected, struggling to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressure at work and home leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an insurmountable pile of responsibilities.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities, both personal and professional, leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, exhaustion setting in, yet productivity remains elusive.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep afloat in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels and getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to escape the endless cycle of responsibilities and demands.
despite the countless hours i've invested in meeting deadlines, my growing list of responsibilities feels insurmountable, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies my anxiety.
the relentless march of obligations, deadlines, and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to find solid ground or a moment's peace.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling exhausted and anxious.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the overwhelming weight of my tasks and the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch a break.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own needs.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing over me with relentless force, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for the tranquility that seems forever out of reach.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and balance in my life.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels and getting nowhere.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, my mind and body are exhausted, yet the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to surge, leaving me struggling to keep up and find peace.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy. each new task adds another layer of stress, and i fear that i'm reaching a breaking point.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the pressure to perform is relentless, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything beyond the immediate demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch up and find a moment's peace.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting, and my mind is a relentless whirlpool of thoughts and tasks, leaving me feeling both trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly treading water but never able to reach the shore.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind and the weight of expectations bears heavily upon me, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities feel like an unyielding wave, threatening to engulf me completely, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for respite.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as if each task adds another layer of pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite amidst the relentless tide of obligations.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i can't seem to find solace in the quiet moments, as my mind remains a whirlpool of unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of demands with no escape.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding another wave to the relentless ocean of obligations, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and disconnected, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind and unable to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and overwhelmed by the weight of it all.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities is leaving me drained and anxious, my mind constantly racing, unable to find respite from the never ending cycle.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up, feeling trapped in a cycle of stress and pressure that leaves me drained and uncertain how to break free.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the already overwhelming pile, leaving me feeling like i can't catch up, let alone find peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain how to break free.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in the endless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to stay afloat in the ocean of expectations.
reflecting on the chaotic rhythm of my life, i am feeling swallowed by the relentless tide of deadlines and expectations, leaving me unable to catch my breath and prioritize my well being.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life feel like an endless wave, leaving me feeling drowned and disconnected from my own peace of mind.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind cluttered with an endless list of tasks and commitments. every moment feels pressured, making peace and relaxation a distant dream.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform and the constant distractions leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pressure to meet deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily routine leave me feeling trapped and exhausted, with little reprieve from the inescapable weight of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling drained and drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no clear escape in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and unable to escape the constant mental churn, leaving me feeling drained and in need of a reprieve.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless demands of work and personal responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like another brick in an ever growing wall, making it hard to catch my breath and focus on the present moment.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling like a drowning sailor grasping for straws in the stormy sea of life.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the endless stream of tasks, the pressure builds, and my mind races, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind cluttered and my energy depleted, longing for a moment of respite amidst the relentless tide of demands.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i can't seem to keep up, and the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly treading water in a never ending ocean of tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite the relentless tide of responsibilities and the ceaseless churning of my thoughts, i find myself struggling to keep my head above water, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm constantly treading water in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the next looming deadline.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of juggling work, family, and personal commitments leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm treading water in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities is leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is a perpetual storm cloud.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the endless tasks before me, my mind and body remain stubbornly burdened, yearning for a moment's respite amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself constantly behind and feeling as if i'm drowning in responsibilities, with little respite in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and constant distractions leave me feeling like a treadmill runner, stuck in an endless loop of stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the endless pile of tasks, my mind remains cluttered and my energy depleted, leaving me feeling trapped in an unending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my efforts to keep up, the constant pressure of juggling responsibilities is leaving me feeling drained and anxious, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pile of stress.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace and clarity amidst the whirlwind of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and an endless stream of demands. it feels like i'm constantly playing catch up, and my mind and body are struggling to keep up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in a cycle of constant stress and fatigue.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and the incessant churning of thoughts in my mind leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace and rest.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, with my mind and body yearning for a much needed reprieve.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and demands leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to catch my breath or find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pile, and my mind racing uncontrollably.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant barrage of tasks leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no reprieve in sight.
stress triggers the main factor in determining how stressful a situation or event is for you is how you interpret and perceive it. stress sadness worry https onlinemkt.org stress triggers
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with each new demand only adding to the weight on my shoulders.
i need to make a decision now. my whole course of life is depending on the wisdom of redditors. share with me your thoughts so that i may add to my own. please help. thanks for your time.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the mounting pressures of work and personal obligations leave me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the relentless churn of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of productivity, with little respite from the constant mental noise and pressure to perform.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained, leaving me feeling helpless and overextended.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the constant influx of demands, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and stillness.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide that threatens to consume me, leaving me questioning if i'll ever find the calm in the chaos.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but going nowhere, my mind clouded with anxiety and my body drained of energy.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, like a leaf caught in the current, struggling to stay afloat.
amidst the relentless demands of my daily routine, i can't help but feel drowned in a sea of responsibilities, longing for a moment of peace and respite from the incessant mental chatter.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to conquer. my mind and body are exhausted, but the relentless demands of my daily life refuse to let up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up and struggling to find peace in the storm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and unable to escape the constant mental chatter, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to recharge.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of demands and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, my mind and body crying out for a reprieve from the constant pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my endless tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an unyielding wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new deadline only adding to the relentless pressure that never seems to subside.
despite the relentless pressure to keep up with my never ending responsibilities, my mind and body refuse to rest, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines, my ever growing list of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
can i reduce my stress by changing my diet i am feeling stress, i don't able my work because of stress. if you have solution then please suggest me. what should i do to reduces my stress?
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the weight of expectations are beginning to feel like an unbearable burden, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of work and family responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pressure that threatens to engulf me entirely.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, let alone find joy in the moments that truly matter.
despite the endless stream of tasks, deadlines, and commitments, i find myself drowning in the weight of my responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life have left me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always more to do. the weight of expectations is crushing, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, each one demanding my attention, yet i feel powerless to keep up. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
feeling trapped by the relentless demands of my daily tasks, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, as the weight of my responsibilities grows heavier with each passing moment.
feeling trapped by the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless tasks, i long for a moment of respite, but my mind remains a whirlpool of responsibilities, refusing to grant me peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and the constant demands on my time leave me feeling trapped, with no escape from the never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, my mind and body pleading for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to mount higher, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to escape the relentless cycle.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, i can't escape the heavy burden of my overflowing tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace in my own mind.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no respite in sight.
the weight of my responsibilities presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, each new challenge adding to the mountain i struggle to climb, leaving me longing for a moment of respite.
feeling trapped by the relentless demands of work and personal obligations, i struggle to keep up, wondering if i'll ever find peace and a moment's respite from the constant mental churn.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, each one demanding my attention and energy, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly treading water, struggling to keep my head above the waves.
despite my best efforts to keep up with daily tasks and responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with my thoughts racing and sleep eluding me at night.
despite the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the never ending cycle of demands on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, deadlines, and worries, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of responsibilities are drowning me. i long for a moment of peace and respite, but it seems elusive amidst the chaos of daily life.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities has left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind and body are constantly on overdrive.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of stress and fatigue.
i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless tide, leaving me yearning for a moment's respite from the crushing weight of expectations.
despite my relentless efforts, the constant pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling like a hamster on an unending wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new demand adding to the cacophony of stress in my mind.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling constantly drained and anxious.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure and endless tasks have left me feeling like a drowning man, gasping for air and unable to escape the tidal wave of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of daily life are leaving me drained and struggling to focus, as if my mind and body are stuck in an endless loop of exhaustion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the relentless tide of obligations keeps pulling me under, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel, constantly spinning but never moving forward.
i'm constantly juggling multiple responsibilities, and it feels like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks. each new demand adds another wave, and i'm struggling to keep my head above the water.
the weight of responsibilities piles up, and each new challenge feels like a boulder added to an already unstable foundation, leaving me questioning my ability to keep up and find peace.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in the endless sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless tide.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant barrage of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to keep up with work, family, and personal obligations, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and inadequate, as if i'm constantly playing catch up in a game i can't win.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure keeps mounting, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for a reprieve, craving the stillness and silence that seems so elusive in the midst of my chaotic life.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, leaving me drained and unable to find peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day adding new layers to an ever growing pile, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and yearning for a moment of peace and calm.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind constantly racing with deadlines and responsibilities. the pressure is overwhelming, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of peace and tranquility amidst the constant barrage of demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected, as if i'm constantly treading water but never making progress.
despite my best efforts, the incessant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a boulder, making it increasingly difficult to keep my head above water and focus on the present moment.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle each task, the growing pile of responsibilities feels like an unending mountain, leaving me feeling helpless and drowning in the weight of it all.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the overwhelming weight of responsibilities.
despite my efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch up, as if i'm trapped in an endless cycle of pressure and expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, my mind in a perpetual state of turmoil.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures at work and home are leaving me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with each new challenge adding to the mounting weight on my shoulders.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations i've set for myself. the relentless cycle of pressure leaves me feeling powerless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of tasks, deadlines, and expectations is leaving me drained and anxious, unable to find respite even in the moments i've set aside for rest.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't help but feel trapped and unable to catch up, as if each passing moment only adds to the mountain of stress and pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming tide.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the constant pressure and overwhelming workload leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the relentless cycle of tasks.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the sea of expectations, unable to escape the relentless cycle of pressure and the inescapable weight on my shoulders.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped in a vicious cycle, unable to escape the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, and the constant pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, with each passing day bringing new challenges and fewer resources to cope.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and anxious, like i'm constantly treading water but never making progress.
despite my best efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to catch my breath or find respite.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the daily barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or escape the gnawing sense of urgency that leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, with each wave threatening to capsize me further into the abyss of overwhelm.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless onslaught of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the constant pressure and anxiety.
ironing a shirt always helps to ease my stress https www.wimp.com a professionals technique to ironing a white shirt https www.wimp.com a professionals technique to ironing a white shirt
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities, with each new demand only adding to my growing sense of being overwhelmed.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and prioritize, leaving me feeling trapped in a whirlwind of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling trapped and powerless, with little respite from the constant mental and emotional strain.
i'm finding myself constantly tethered to my responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of pressure that threatens to consume me, leaving little room for peace and rest.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, and the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and overwhelmed, with my thoughts constantly racing and my energy depleted.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities continue to loom over me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the relentless surge of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the chaos, unable to escape the whirlwind of responsibilities that engulfs my every waking moment.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, i'm exhausted but can't seem to make a dent in my overwhelming responsibilities, leaving me trapped in a cycle of constant stress and fatigue.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the endless tide of tasks and expectations, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, i'm drowning in the overwhelming tide of responsibilities, my mind refusing to find solace, even in the quietest of moments.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above the relentless tide of tasks.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, struggling to keep my head above water and find moments of peace in the chaos.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, my mind is constantly racing, and each new task adds another layer of pressure, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, with every new challenge adding to the mounting pile of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds another wave to the tide. my mind and body are exhausted, yet there's no escape from this relentless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, with my thoughts racing like a never ending waterfall, drowning in an ocean of stress.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure from all sides leaves me feeling drained and uncertain, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no clear shoreline in sight.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, yet the relentless tide of tasks continues to surge, leaving me yearning for a moment of respite.
feeling overwhelmed with work and life? here's how to manage stress at work! https movexstill.com blog how to manage stress at work https movexstill.com blog how to manage stress at work
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new day adding more pressure and fewer moments of respite.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and find peace amidst the relentless storm of obligations, yearning for a moment of tranquility and relief.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace of mind.
despite the endless tasks clamoring for my attention, i find myself sinking further into the quicksand of my own inadequacy, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities and commitments leaves me feeling trapped and drowning, as if there's an insurmountable mountain to climb, each day anew.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. it feels like i'm on a hamster wheel, spinning faster and faster, yet never getting anywhere.
despite the constant pressure to perform and the growing pile of responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of my obligations.
despite the seemingly endless cycle of responsibilities, i can't escape the heavy burden of obligations weighing on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pile.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the mountains of tasks before me, the ever growing list of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, drowning in an unending sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't keep up, leaving me feeling exhausted and hopeless.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me feeling like i can't catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, stuck in an endless cycle of tasks with no relief in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the increasing pressure and mounting responsibilities continue to leave me feeling inadequate and drowned in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it feels like the tide keeps pulling me under, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for a moment of peace.
despite the countless hours i put into my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the demands of my daily life, leaving me drained and unable to find peace and clarity.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure of constant deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace in the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i yearn for moments of tranquility amidst the chaos, longing for the stillness of my thoughts to find balance and harmony within.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of demands and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up and can't seem to find a moment's peace from the relentless tide of tasks and expectations.
i'm caught in an endless cycle of tasks, each one demanding my full attention, yet the pile only grows taller, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless pressure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my commitments seems to grow heavier with each passing day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped, my mind racing with tasks and deadlines, unable to find respite and recharge.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to keep up and find moments of peace.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace or respite from the relentless pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure to perform and the constant stream of tasks leaves me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, unable to catch up or find peace from the constant internal chatter.
amidst the clamor of deadlines and the ceaseless demands of daily life, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and obligation.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling drained and overburdened, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels and getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the mental clutter, as if my mind is a never ending traffic jam.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it feels like i'm treading water, with each new task adding to the chaos instead of bringing me closer to calm.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant bombardment of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and expectation.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities is starting to feel unbearable, and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus on anything beyond the immediate demands of my life.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with my mind constantly racing and my body drained.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with my mind and body constantly on overdrive.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or respite.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one seemingly more urgent than the last. my mind is a whirlpool of worries and deadlines, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the demands around me.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one task to the next, with no reprieve in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself sinking deeper into a sea of anxiety, with each new demand only adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pressure and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the mountain of tasks before me, the growing pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the perpetual cycle of stress and overwhelm.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, i struggle to keep up with the relentless pace of my daily responsibilities, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and calm.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding it difficult to keep up and am feeling the weight of it all, as if i'm drowning in the tides of my own expectations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i'm struggling to keep my head above water, let alone make progress towards a semblance of balance.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in a never ending cycle of demands and responsibilities.
feeling weighed down by the endless responsibilities and the constant pressure to perform, i find myself drowning in a sea of expectations, unable to catch a moment of peace or respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, my mind and body are in a perpetual state of exhaustion, struggling to keep up with the relentless demands of daily life.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new tasks and deadlines. my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished business, making peace elusive and rest a distant dream.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the mounting pressure of responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, struggling to keep my head above the waves.
despite the relentless cycle of deadlines and demands, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body weary, yearning for a moment of respite amidst the whirlwind of obligations.
the relentless demands of daily life are starting to take a toll on me. each day brings new challenges, but my energy and focus seem to dwindle, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in the cycle of constant stress and pressure.
despite the constant pressure to keep up, i find myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety that threatens to consume me.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, the incessant cycle of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drained, yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every minute feels like an uphill battle. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on me, and i'm struggling to find a moment of peace and clarity.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal obligations leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant cycle of stress and anxiety.
amidst the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless tasks, my mind and body are struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling drained and unable to catch up, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of stress and overload.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy, leaving me exhausted and uncertain how to move forward.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with each new challenge adding to the mounting stress.
despite the relentless march of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of peace and quiet, my mind racing with the weight of expectations and the fear of falling behind.
the constant pressure to perform and meet unrealistic expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath, let alone make a dent in the endless sea of responsibilities.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to accomplish more leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life seem to be winning, leaving me feeling helpless and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the heavy burden of stress that clings to me like a relentless fog, clouding my thoughts and sapping my energy.
feeling trapped under the weight of endless responsibilities, i long for a moment of peace and tranquility amidst the chaos, but my mind remains a whirlwind of thoughts and obligations.
despite the countless hours i put in, my overflowing inbox and mounting responsibilities continue to haunt me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to escape the feeling that i'm constantly falling behind, leaving me drained and uncertain how to regain control.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to find balance as each new demand threatens to drown the last, leaving me adrift in a sea of stress and uncertainty.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling constantly drained and unable to find peace or clarity.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling on top of the last, and my mind is a constant whirlwind of thoughts and deadlines, making peace elusive and rest a distant dream.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and prioritize, leaving me feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of stress and anxiety.
amidst the relentless demands of my daily life, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks and responsibilities, struggling to keep my head above water and find moments of peace and calm.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in an endless cycle of obligations.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks continues to loom over me, leaving my mind in a perpetual state of unease and mental exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the constant influx of tasks, my mind in a perpetual state of anxiety and chaos.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life have left me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no clear shoreline in sight.
despite the relentless ticking of my internal clock, i find myself unable to keep pace with the demands of my daily responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and inescapably drained.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the constant stream of demands, i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling both drained and disheartened.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the list. my mind refuses to rest, fueling a sense of constant pressure and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of work that seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the overwhelming cycle.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the growing pile, and my mind constantly replaying the day's events, making it difficult to focus or find peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop of tasks and expectations.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my inner peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, while my energy and focus are dwindling, leaving me feeling helpless and swallowed by the overwhelming tide.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities that demand my attention, my mind and body refuse to find peace, leaving me feeling trapped in a perpetual cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and family continue to pile up, leaving me feeling drowned in responsibilities and longing for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and constant demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace and respite from the endless cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and the endless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped, with no escape from the overwhelming weight of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to catch my breath.
despite the seemingly endless stream of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of anxiety and pressure, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of responsibilities piles up, leaving me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel of productivity, with little respite in sight.
despite my efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to escape the constant mental churn of unfinished tasks.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my demanding schedule, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind and body are constantly in overdrive.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and the constant mental chatter leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, yet the relentless tide of tasks continues to surge, leaving me drowning in a sea of stress.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and deadlines, my heart and mind are weighed down by the overwhelming burden of responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing, and the weight of expectations is crushing me. i yearn for a moment of peace, but it seems unattainable amidst the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, i struggle to find peace and rest amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one more urgent than the last, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the list. the relentless pressure is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of juggling responsibilities, yet the growing pile of tasks only intensifies the pressure i feel, leaving me yearning for moments of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and relaxation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind a constant whirlwind of deadlines and obligations, leaving little room for peace or rest.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, feeling as if i'm constantly chasing after deadlines, yet progress remains elusive, leaving me exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily routine leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm constantly treading water but can't quite reach the shore.
the relentless barrage of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own needs, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up with all my responsibilities, i'm constantly feeling behind and the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the heavy weight of stress that clings to me like a stubborn shadow, casting doubt upon my ability to keep up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of stress and obligation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of obligation.
the relentless pressure to perform is exhausting, each new task piling on to an already heavy burden, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of constant productivity.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, my thoughts consumed by the weight of expectations, leaving little room for peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day adds more weight to my shoulders. the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch a moment of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a boulder added to my already heavy burden. my mind and body are exhausted, but the relentless cycle of demands continues.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to overwhelm me, leaving me feeling like a drowning man struggling to keep afloat in an endless sea of tasks.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always more to do, leaving me feeling both trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding more attention than the last. the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped, yearning for a moment of respite.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, as if each task demands my full attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of pressure i carry, and the relentless cycle leaves me feeling drained and incapable of escaping the chaos.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling like i'm constantly chasing an unattainable finish line, with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and responsibility.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a treadmill, unable to escape the endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the relentless passage of time and the ever growing pile of tasks, i can't seem to catch up or find peace from the overwhelming pressure that constantly weighs on my shoulders.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily demands, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with my mind spinning in a whirlwind of unfinished tasks and looming deadlines.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless churn of tasks only grows louder and more insistent, as if i'm trapped in a never ending hamster wheel.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily responsibilities, i can't seem to escape the gnawing feeling that there's always more to be done, leaving me drained and anxious.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped, with no escape from the constant cycle of stress and obligation.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of obligations have left me feeling like a human hamster on an unending wheel, unable to find respite or peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the pressure to perform and meet deadlines feels unrelenting, leaving me drained and uncertain how to cope with the overwhelming demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped, with anxiety creeping in and a sense of dread that i'll never be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch my breath and overwhelmed by the weight of it all.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me feeling trapped and drained, with little respite from the incessant mental churn.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and constant mental chatter leave me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the weight of my daily obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in my own obligations.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, my mind and body are weighed down by the relentless pressure to perform and keep up, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the relentless tide of expectations, unable to escape the suffocating grip of anxiety and self doubt.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always more to do, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
amidst the relentless whirlwind of responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in my own expectations, with every minute bringing new challenges and no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always one more thing demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of daily life seem to outpace my ability to cope, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, i struggle to keep up with the demands of my daily life, each new task adding another layer of stress that threatens to consume me entirely.
despite the constant pressure to meet deadlines and juggle multiple responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the endless cycle of tasks, unable to catch a breath and regain control.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling like a human pinball bouncing between tasks, unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressures of daily life have left me feeling drained and overburdened, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the endless sea of tasks, my mind perpetually preoccupied, leaving little room for rest and relaxation.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in obligations, with each day bringing new challenges that threaten to engulf me.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures at work and home are leaving me feeling helpless and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly chasing my own tail, and my mind is a never ending cycle of worry and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with each new day adding to the growing pile of responsibilities.
despite the relentless pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up, feeling as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i'm drowning in responsibilities and my mind refuses to find peace, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily routine leave me feeling drained and overextended, as if i'm constantly treading water in a never ending sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressure of responsibilities feels like an unyielding boulder, threatening to crush me, and i can't seem to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, yet the pressure to perform only seems to intensify, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always more to tackle. the constant pressure is leaving me drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is stuck in an endless loop of anxiety and worry.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, with each new task adding to the relentless tide of stress that engulfs me daily.
feeling trapped by an endless sea of responsibilities, i struggle to keep my head above water, as each new task adds to the weight of anxiety and pressure that threatens to consume me.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet the clock keeps ticking, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of tasks with no relief in sight.
despite the seemingly endless tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding it difficult to keep up and cannot escape the constant mental chatter, leaving me feeling drained and overwhelmed.
the constant pressure to perform and the relentless flow of tasks have left me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above water, but unable to find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my numerous responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress i carry daily.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, my mind constantly racing with unfulfilled obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressures of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, unable to catch a breath and find peace.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up, as each new task adds to the mountain of responsibility, leaving me drained and uncertain how to find relief.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving little room for rest or relaxation. the constant pressure to perform is exhausting.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and unable to focus on anything but the urgent demands on my time.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, my mind and body constantly on overdrive. the weight of expectations is suffocating, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find a moment's peace in the whirlwind of my daily life, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find peace and tranquility amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain how to regain control.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion, unable to find peace and clarity.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. the pressure is relentless, and my mind refuses to find peace.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle each task, the mounting pressure only amplifies my anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations, my energy depleted, and every task feels like a mountain to climb. my mind is a chaotic jumble, unable to focus, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures and responsibilities in my life are leaving me feeling like i'm drowning, and i can't seem to catch a break, even for a moment of peace.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always more to do. the pressure is building up, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the increasing pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in tasks, the clock keeps ticking yet my energy seems to dwindle, each responsibility feels like a mountain to climb, and the weight of expectations threatens to crush me.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in my own obligations, with each new demand adding another wave to the relentless tide.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling both exhausted and anxious.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an ever growing list, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and clarity.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the constant pressure to perform and deliver results, my energy levels are depleting, and the endless stream of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, my mind and body continue to yearn for a moment of respite, a brief escape from the relentless pressure to perform.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, with each passing moment adding another layer of pressure to an already overburdened mind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the clock ticks relentlessly, yet i seem to be making no progress, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life. each task i complete only adds to the pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, drained, and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone enjoy a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm constantly treading water with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety, with no clear escape in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my heart longs for a moment of peace and tranquility, yet my mind remains in a constant whirlwind of thoughts and obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and constant demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with little hope of escaping the cycle of constant stress and overwhelm.
i'm finding myself constantly tethered to the demands of work and home, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to keep up while my energy and focus dwindle.
despite my best efforts, the incessant demands of work and personal life leave me feeling constantly drained and unable to catch up, as if i'm stuck on a hamster wheel with no escape.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels and getting nowhere.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, with each passing day adding new layers of stress that threaten to consume me entirely.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in tasks, the clock keeps ticking but my progress seems insignificant, every minute feels like an hour and i can't seem to escape the heavy weight of my responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of juggling work, family, and personal obligations leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch up or find peace in the chaos.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and find myself unable to escape the constant mental chatter, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite the seemingly endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body weary from the constant pressure to perform and please.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with no escape from the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind perpetually in overdrive, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with my thoughts racing a million miles an hour.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, with each new challenge adding to the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting stress.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, with my mind and body pleading for a much needed reprieve.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up, feeling like a cog in a never ending machine, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and exhaustion.
i'm constantly tethered to my responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines. the weight of expectations threatens to crush me, leaving little room for rest or reprieve.
amidst the relentless whirlwind of tasks, deadlines, and expectations, i find myself drowning in the very waters meant to sustain me, longing for the tranquility of a still, calm sea.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, my mind perpetually spinning with tasks and deadlines.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, it seems i'll always be one step behind, leaving me feeling constantly drained and anxious.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, my heart races with each new task added to my already bursting plate, while my mind spirals with the weight of unfinished business.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my workload, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with my thoughts racing in every direction.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the endless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the multitude of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are persistently overloaded, leaving me yearning for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life have left me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels without making any progress.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, with my thoughts racing uncontrollably, as if on an endless merry go round.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling drained and disconnected, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless tasks only leave me feeling more drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up, let alone find peace and clarity.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace of mind.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily responsibilities, the overwhelming weight of my obligations continues to loom over me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, constantly chasing after an elusive sense of accomplishment.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, the weight of expectations bearing down, my mind and body yearning for a moment's respite amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of demands.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily responsibilities, i can't escape the nagging feeling that there's always more to do, leaving me feeling trapped and overwhelmed.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and obligations leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the constant churn of demands on my time and energy.
the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of expectations, with no sight of a shore or respite in sight.
amidst the clutter of tasks and deadlines, my mind and body yearn for a reprieve, yet the relentless cycle of stress and responsibility leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind and body are constantly stuck in overdrive.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of responsibilities leave me feeling trapped in a whirlwind of obligations, struggling to catch my breath and find inner peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and each passing moment only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
the weight of responsibilities presses heavily on my shoulders, each new task adding to the growing pile, while my mind races with a relentless ticker of obligations and expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting, and i find myself constantly anxious and unable to focus on anything but the weight of my obligations.
despite the constant hustle, my mind and body are on overdrive, struggling to keep up with the relentless demands, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from the present moment.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressing deadlines and endless demands continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle multiple responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks before me seems to multiply rather than diminish, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and demands, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, as if my mind and body are stuck in an endless loop of exhaustion and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the pressure to perform is relentless, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, with each new day adding to the mountain of work that seems unconquerable.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy, and the constant pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and physical well being.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with each new challenge only adding to the mountain of stress i carry daily.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure builds, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and overwhelm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no clear path to shore.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities and obligations leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of stress and anxiety, struggling to find peace in the midst of chaos.
the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and fulfill obligations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the constant churn of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, responsibilities, and deadlines, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as my mind remains a whirlwind of anxious thoughts and unfinished business.
despite my best efforts, the relentless influx of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new challenge adding to the crushing weight of expectation.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform never subsides, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
the relentless pressure to perform and constant stream of tasks leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above the water and unable to find a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities and the weight of expectations leaves me feeling like a drowning man, gasping for air in the relentless tide of life.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities and unmet expectations continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
the relentless pressure of juggling work, family, and personal obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath, as if each day is a never ending battle to keep up.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the endless cycle of pressure and expectation, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the overwhelming tide.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the constant cycle of demands.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and expectations, i find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, unable to catch a breath or find respite from the overwhelming tide.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind are struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my own responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i'm finding it difficult to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in my own responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying for respite, but the relentless tide of tasks only seems to grow stronger, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the pressure to keep up is only intensifying.
the relentless pressure of deadlines, responsibilities, and expectations leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath or find peace amidst the storm of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and commitments, my mind and body are struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my own obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities at work and home have left me feeling like i'm drowning, with no escape from the never ending cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to perform and the relentless influx of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind in a whirlwind of unfinished business, and the weight of expectations crushing my spirit. the more i try to keep up, the further behind i seem to fall.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, i feel like i'm falling behind, leaving me feeling exhausted and defeated.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight of expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and never ending tasks leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the mental and emotional burden.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, with my thoughts constantly racing and my energy depleted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with each passing day adding to the growing weight on my shoulders.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, and no matter how hard i try to keep my head above water, the current just seems to pull me under.
despite my best efforts, the pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with my thoughts constantly racing and my energy dwindling.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of endless tasks, my mind constantly racing, yet i can't seem to make a dent in my overwhelming workload, leaving me feeling both trapped and powerless.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up and can't seem to find peace or tranquility, even when i manage to carve out moments for rest.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep my head above water, let alone make a dent in the mountain of tasks piling up around me.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, i'm finding myself drowning in obligations, unable to escape the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind yearn for a moment of peace and respite, yet the relentless pull of responsibilities seems insurmountable.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of work that seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and incapable of escaping the whirlwind of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no shoreline in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate feels like another wave crashing down, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above water.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted, with my thoughts constantly racing like a runaway train.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressure of juggling responsibilities mounts higher each day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of expectation.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to escape the suffocating feeling of being constantly behind, with my thoughts racing and my energy dwindling.
the relentless pressure of deadlines, responsibilities, and expectations leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above the overwhelming tide of obligations.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself yearning for moments of stillness and mental clarity, yet struggling to escape the grasp of constant demand.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and maintain balance, i'm constantly drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with my mind and body both yearning for a much needed reprieve.
despite the countless hours i've dedicated to meeting my obligations, the weight of my responsibilities continues to press down on me, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and clarity.
despite the countless hours i've poured into my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to accomplish more leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts racing and my energy drained.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the chaos of daily life leaves me feeling like i'm constantly treading water, struggling to keep my head above the waves.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but never making significant progress.
the relentless tide of obligations and responsibilities threatens to engulf me whole, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for the tranquility of a single, uninterrupted moment.
the relentless pressure to perform and the endless stream of demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to keep up with even the most basic responsibilities.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted from trying to keep up, yet the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines shows no sign of abating.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and overwhelmed, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and i can't seem to find the energy or focus to tackle them all, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch a break.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the mounting pressures leave me feeling like a human treadmill, constantly spinning but going nowhere.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the cycle of stress and pressure.
amidst the constant hum of deadlines and obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of expectations, with each new task adding to the relentless tide rather than providing respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in my responsibilities, with each new challenge adding to the relentless tide.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibility, unable to escape the relentless cycle of pressure and expectation.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to keep up and find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calm waters.
i'm finding myself constantly pulled in different directions, my mind and body feeling drained, longing for a moment of peace and respite amidst the relentless demands of daily life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure continues to build and i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calm waters in sight.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to achieve more leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of endless obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the constant pressure, longing for a moment of tranquility and relief.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling like i'm stuck in an endless cycle of pressure and fatigue.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each moment brings new demands. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i yearn for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mounting pressure only seems to grow heavier, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless pressure to perform and produce only grows louder, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, i'm drowning in commitments, and the pressure to perform is relentless, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain how to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more task to tackle, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything else.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave bringing another demand, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water, let alone find peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, with each passing moment adding to the mounting pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time and energy, i find myself constantly behind, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and relaxation.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and overwhelmed, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an insurmountable workload.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in an endless cycle of obligation.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant influx of responsibilities and tasks leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch up or find peace in the midst of the chaos.
despite the countless hours i've invested, the pressure to excel continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new day bringing a fresh wave of tasks, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly treading water and struggling to keep my head above the surface.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pull of deadlines and endless demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch a breath.
i'm finding myself in a vicious cycle of constant work and dwindling energy, with my thoughts racing a mile a minute, unable to escape the weight of my ever growing responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the whirlwind of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of obligations piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up with the relentless pace of daily life.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the never ending cycle of tasks demanding my attention.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace and balance in my life.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to keep up with the relentless pace of my daily responsibilities.
anyone else feeling tingles on scalp? recently i ve been feeling a tingle sensation on the top of my head. i read that it s linked to stress and anxiety. anyone else get that aswell?
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant barrage of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, with little respite from the relentless cycle of stress.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm trapped in the relentless cycle of demands, unable to keep up, and my mind refuses to rest, leaving me drained and uncertain how to break free.
the relentless pressure to perform and constant barrage of demands leave me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to catch my breath or find peace in the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities feels like a never ending tide, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite the relentless march of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling as though the tides of stress and overwhelm are perpetually crashing over me.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and mounting responsibilities have left me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in a storm.
despite the countless hours i put in each day, the relentless demands of my responsibilities continue to mount, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet the clock ticks relentlessly, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly chasing an unreachable deadline.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it seems like the tide just keeps rising, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the weight of it all.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting and my mind feels like a endless cycle of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in obligations and deadlines, each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up, and my mind a constant whirlwind of anxiety and pressure.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up as the weight of expectations crushes my spirit, leaving me yearning for a moment of tranquility and relief.
amidst the constant ringing of alarms and the pile of unfinished tasks, i'm beginning to question my ability to keep up, as the weight of responsibility presses down on my shoulders.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless march of deadlines leaves me feeling helpless and exhausted, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels without making any progress.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and deadlines, my heart longs for moments of peace and tranquility, yet my mind remains stubbornly chained to the relentless demands of daily life.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, drained, and unable to find peace in the present moment.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, my mind a constant whirlpool of demands and deadlines. the weight of it all feels insurmountable, leaving me longing for a moment of calm and respite.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me gasping for breath and unable to focus on anything but the overwhelming tide before me.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i'm constantly feeling behind and the pressure is mounting, leaving me drained and uncertain how to keep up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no clear horizon in sight.
feeling the weight of countless responsibilities bearing down on me, i'm struggling to keep up, my mind in a constant whirlwind of tasks, leaving little room for peace or relaxation.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i can't seem to keep up, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
the relentless demands on my time and energy have left me feeling trapped, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure and uncertainty of when i'll be able to catch my breath.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the sea of obligations, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite amidst the storm.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i can keep up with the constant demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and the ceaseless churning of my thoughts leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and unable to focus on anything but the urgency of the moment.
the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, desperately clinging to the surface but unable to find the peace and tranquility i crave.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in the relentless tide of demands.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind yearn for a reprieve, yet the elusive balance between productivity and self care remains a distant dream.
feeling as though i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing over me with renewed urgency, i struggle to keep my head above the surface and find a moment's peace.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, and my mind and body cry out for respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressures of my daily life leave me feeling trapped and drained, with no escape from the constant mental churn.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, responsibilities, and commitments, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the face of my own overwhelming workload.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily demands, the mounting pressure feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, meetings, and deadlines, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless demands on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless cycle leaves me feeling drained and incapable of focusing on anything, let alone finding peace.
despite the seemingly endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace in the chaos, feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly treading water, unable to catch my breath and find some semblance of peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath and find inner peace.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new task adding to the unending sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels in quicksand.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new challenges to my plate. the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body in a constant state of tension, longing for a moment's respite, but the relentless tide of obligations shows no signs of receding.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and constant mental chatter leave me feeling trapped and drained, yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind remain in a perpetual state of exhaustion, struggling to keep up with the relentless tide of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up. the weight of it all is becoming unbearable.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body are struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with little respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and the incessant noise in my head leave me feeling trapped and unable to find peace or relaxation.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling drained and overloaded, as if i'm constantly treading water with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and i can't seem to catch a break, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, constantly spinning but never making progress.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with the weight of expectations and the fear of falling behind.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressing deadlines and endless tasks only seem to escalate, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the waves of stress and anxiety.
despite the relentless pressure to accomplish more and the inescapable mental chatter, i find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, struggling to keep my head above water.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and endless tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of my own expectations, unable to escape the relentless cycle of pressure and responsibility.
despite the constant flow of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of my own expectations, unable to catch a moment's peace in the storm of daily demands.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the energy and focus needed to make a dent in my overwhelming workload, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding more to my plate, leaving me feeling like i'm stuck in a never ending cycle of obligations, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of my responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling trapped, like i'm constantly treading water without a clear path to shore.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant influx of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, with little respite in sight.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me, each new task adding to the mountain i struggle to climb, my mind perpetually in overdrive, barely able to catch a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental churn of tasks and deadlines.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of responsibilities.
amidst the constant clamor of deadlines and expectations, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of obligations, unable to escape the relentless cycle of pressure and performance.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate. the relentless cycle of expectations leaves me yearning for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders, and the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to escape.
despite the relentless flow of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself unable to keep up, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite in the midst of this overwhelming tide.
the relentless pressure of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, unable to catch a breath or find respite from the constant mental churn.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the cycle of constant demand and mental exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of obligations leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the crushing weight of expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind are struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to catch up and find tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, with each day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable.
despite my best efforts, the constant stream of obligations and responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the face of my own overactive mind.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i'm struggling to keep up, feeling trapped by the overwhelming weight of responsibilities and the constant pressure to perform.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace. my mind is constantly racing, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself unable to escape the relentless pressure weighing upon my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like i'm only treading water, with each new task adding to the chaos rather than bringing me closer to calm.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new day bringing fresh challenges that only add to the overwhelming burden i carry.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace in the chaos, feeling trapped by the weight of expectations and the relentless pressure to perform.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life feel like an unyielding tide, drowning me in an endless sea of obligations and responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure builds, and i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge only adding to the relentless tide.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and incapable of escaping the never ending cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly running but never making significant progress.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace and clarity.
feeling trapped and suffocated by an endless sea of responsibilities, i struggle to keep my head above water, each new task adding another ripple to the overwhelming wave before me.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life seem to be consuming me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
the relentless pressure to perform and the constant bombardment of responsibilities have left me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above the overwhelming tide.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling depleted and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and unending distractions leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
she's sworn at me at times. tl dr girlfriend cheated on me twice. is always adamant about keeping contact with the people she cheated with. the relationship is at its wits end. p.s.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming pile, and my mind refuses to find solace, constantly churning with the weight of unfinished business.
despite the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless tasks, i find myself drowning in an ocean of responsibilities, with each new challenge only adding to the overwhelming tide.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up, let alone find peace.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures and responsibilities of daily life are relentlessly wearing me down, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and the relentless pressure to perform leaves me struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities are starting to feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling both physically and mentally drained.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the deluge of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in a storm's relentless onslaught.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life continue to mount, leaving me feeling drained and unable to keep up, as if i'm stuck on a never ending hamster wheel.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my numerous responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the cycle of constant stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and expectations leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, like a leaf caught in a relentless storm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of obligations seems to only grow stronger, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm caught in a cycle of constant pressure, with deadlines looming and responsibilities mounting, leaving me feeling drained and unable to escape the relentless tide of obligations.
i'm caught in a relentless cycle of tasks, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless tide, and the constant pressure leaves me feeling helpless and disconnected from my own being.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new challenge adding another wave to the relentless tide.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, and i find myself drowning in the endless cycle of obligations, leaving little room for peace and self care.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the endless demands of my daily life, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure builds as the clock ticks, leaving me feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of constant demand and limited capacity.
feeling trapped by the endless cycle of responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, struggling to keep my head above the waves while my mind races with unfinished tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my attention, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is stuck in an endless loop of anxiety and pressure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pull of deadlines and demands leaves me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and every minute feels like an hour as i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations, my mind and body screaming for a break, yet the relentless cycle of demands continues to spin, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts, the incessant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear path to calmer waters.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and commitments, my heart and mind are in a constant state of turmoil, unable to find solace amidst the whirlwind of expectations.
despite the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and can't seem to find a moment's peace, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless march of deadlines and expectations continues to loom, leaving me feeling powerless and inadequate.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding more attention than the last, and the constant pressure is leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the ever growing pile, and the relentless cycle of stress leaves me feeling powerless and disconnected from my own peace.
despite the relentless demands of work and personal responsibilities, i find myself sinking deeper into a vortex of anxiety and uncertainty, struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and the weight of expectations, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain where to even begin.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite the countless hours i put into my work and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure to achieve more leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find peace or respite.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the mounting pressures leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm constantly bombarded with responsibilities and deadlines, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, striving for progress but never truly reaching the finish line.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for a reprieve, yet the elusive balance between productivity and self care continues to allude me.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities at work and home are leaving me drained and overwhelmed, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of demands and expectations.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite.
feeling trapped by the relentless cycle of responsibilities, i long for a moment's respite, but the endless sea of tasks looms before me, leaving me drowning in stress and anxiety.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the growing pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and clarity.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks, and every moment feels like an uphill battle, leaving me drained and uncertain of my ability to keep up.
the relentless onslaught of tasks, deadlines, and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of constant pressure and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up on top of the endless list i carry with me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless influx of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drowned and disheartened, unable to find solace in the midst of the storm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling like i'm constantly drowning, with no clear path to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure is leaving me drained and unable to focus, with my thoughts constantly racing and my energy depleted.
despite the relentless flow of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for respite, yet the elusive balance between productivity and self care remains a distant dream.
despite the endless tasks piling up, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and prioritize, leading me to feel trapped and overwhelmed by the weight of my responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the pressure builds as deadlines approach and my energy dwindles, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of endless responsibility.
being stuck in this state of constant pressure and endless tasks is leaving me drained and disconnected, wishing for the peace and clarity that once seemed so effortless to attain.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless tide of tasks keeps pulling me under, leaving me yearning for a moment of tranquility and reprieve.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, i can't escape the gnawing sensation that there's always more to be done, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of tasks.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piles on, and the clock ticks away, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the face of endless demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, as if i'm constantly swimming against the tide.
feeling like a hamster on a relentless wheel, i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities, unable to escape the crushing weight of expectations that haunts me day and night.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no end in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure continues to build, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities engulfs me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the suffocating weight of unmet expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy depleted, and each passing day brings new challenges. it feels as though i'm stuck in an endless loop, unable to catch up or find peace.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to perform and deliver leaves me feeling like a human hamster on a never ending wheel, with my thoughts racing and my energy drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds another ripple to the relentless wave of obligations, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water but never making progress.
the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and the endless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations with no respite in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my mounting responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, with each new task only adding to the cresting wave of stress.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, i'm drowning in responsibilities and the constant pressure to perform, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and obligations leaves me feeling drained and disconnected, unable to find peace or focus in the midst of chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate only heightens my anxiety, as i struggle to keep up and maintain some semblance of balance in my chaotic life.
my boyfriend didn't care. i started to get psychotic at 17. i was so scared, paranoid, had delusions and hallucinations. and no one to help me. all this hell lasted until i was 22.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of tasks and expectations, with little respite in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling trapped, with no escape from the constant barrage of responsibilities and expectations.
despite the relentless demands of my job and personal life, i struggle to keep up, feeling as though i'm constantly behind and unable to catch up, leaving me exhausted and anxious.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a chaotic whirlpool of responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of deadlines leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from the present moment.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling like i'm constantly drowning, unable to catch up and find peace.
anyone get this stress induced symptom? every time i get stressed out the left side of my abdomen starts hurting. am i the only one here? view poll https www.reddit.com poll uif3s1
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of responsibilities and the incessant churning of my mind leave me feeling trapped, unable to escape the crushing weight of obligation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the pressure to perform is suffocating. my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, deadlines, and expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each passing moment only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding more to my plate, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water, struggling to keep my head above the overwhelming tide.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i'm constantly feeling behind, and the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me drained and anxious.
the weight of responsibilities piles up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, gasping for breath, as the relentless ticking of deadlines and expectations only adds to the chaos.
despite the countless hours i've invested, my inbox and task list remain a relentless reminder of the endless demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of endless tasks, i'm struggling to keep up and my mind refuses to find peace, as if each uncompleted item on my to do list is a mountain to conquer.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the mental and emotional turmoil.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the mental and emotional toll of constant obligation.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body remain in a state of perpetual exhaustion, yearning for a moment of respite amidst the relentless chaos.
i'm caught in an endless cycle of responsibilities, with each task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling drained and unable to escape the relentless weight of expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily routine leave me feeling drained and disheartened, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the daily demands, the weight of responsibilities feels like an unrelenting burden, leaving me longing for moments of peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the weight of expectations is suffocating, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace amidst the chaos.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of endless tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and each new demand only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
amidst the clutter of tasks and expectations, my mind and body yearn for a moment of respite, yet the relentless pursuit of productivity leaves me feeling drained and disconnected.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calmer waters.
the relentless pressure of constant demands leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, desperately trying to keep up but ultimately drowning in the tide of expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless influx of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, with my mind and body crying for a much needed break.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are exhausted, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of responsibilities.
despite the relentless passage of time and my constant efforts to keep up, the overwhelming burden of responsibilities seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of demand.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with each wave bringing new demands that threaten to capsize me.
the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling drained and disconnected from myself, as if i'm constantly treading water but can't quite reach the surface to breathe.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the relentless cycle of expectations is draining my energy and clouding my thoughts.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and obligation.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the relentless demands on my time leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
i'm finding myself in a perpetual whirlwind of tasks, my mind constantly churning with responsibilities, and each new challenge adding to my growing sense of being utterly swamped.
despite the relentless ticking of my internal clock and the ever growing pile of tasks before me, i can't seem to find peace or escape the suffocating grip of stress and overwhelm.
feeling weighed down by the relentless demands of daily life, i struggle to keep up as the pressures accumulate, leaving me longing for the peace and quiet that seems unattainable.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with each new challenge adding yet another wave to the storm in my mind.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, while my mind races with endless worries and responsibilities. the relentless cycle leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm constantly battling the demands of my daily responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to reaching the surface.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting, and my mind and body are growing weary, struggling to keep up with the relentless cycle of demands.
the relentless march of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to catch my breath or find peace in the storm of my overactive mind.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
feeling trapped under the weight of endless responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of peace amidst the chaos, as my mind continues to race with the constant demand for more.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to keep up and find inner peace.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling helpless and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, my heart longs for moments of peace and stillness, but my mind remains trapped in a whirlwind of anxiety and expectation.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the growing pile, and my mind refuses to find solace, keeping me trapped in a perpetual cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines, family demands, and personal responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressure at work and home leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and life leave me feeling drained and drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself sinking deeper into a sea of stress and anxiety, unable to escape the relentless pull of my overactive mind.
i'm drowning in obligations, my energy depleted, and every new task adds to my growing sense of helplessness, as if i'm treading water in a vast, unending sea of responsibilities.
despite the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body are on overload, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped in the endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure from all sides continues to mount, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave relentlessly crashing against me, leaving me gasping for breath, longing for a moment of peace and stillness amidst the chaos.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders, leaving me yearning for a moment's peace and respite from the relentless cycle.
i'm constantly treading water in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new tasks that threaten to capsize me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep afloat.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or rest, my mind is constantly racing, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the never ending cycle of demands.
despite the relentless ticking of my clock and the mountain of tasks piled high, my mind and body are weary, and i struggle to find the motivation and focus to tackle another day.
feeling trapped in a perpetual cycle of demands, i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more urgent than the last, leaving me longing for a moment of respite amidst the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of peace and relaxation, as the weight of expectations continues to press down on my shoulders.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and the relentless pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing.
despite the relentless pressure to perform and the seemingly endless pile of tasks, i find myself struggling to catch up, feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of stress and fatigue.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and responsibilities, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every minute feels like an uphill battle, with no end in sight. my mind and body are exhausted, and i can't seem to find peace or relaxation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless ticking of deadlines only intensifies the cacophony of thoughts swirling in my mind, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels and getting nowhere.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, i can't help but feel trapped by the weight of expectations and the inability to escape the constant mental chatter.
amidst the relentless demands of my daily routine, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new challenges that threaten to engulf me entirely.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of daily life leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and expectations.
despite my efforts to prioritize tasks and manage my time, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, unable to find peace or respite.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and helplessly drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy continue to pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each passing moment adding another wave to the relentless tide, and yet, no matter how hard i struggle, i can't seem to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop of obligation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the weight of expectations only grows heavier, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath and find peace in the storm of my chaotic life.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find peace or rest.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders. my mind refuses to find peace, caught in an endless cycle of worry and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and fatigue.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is a merry go round that just won't stop.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless ticking of deadlines and expectations only grows louder, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. my mind and body yearn for respite, but the relentless cycle of obligations continues to spin.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no escape from the relentless cycle of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or relief, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the weight of my obligations.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and constant demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the pressure of deadlines, family obligations, and personal responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to find respite from the constant mental churn.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, unable to find peace or relief.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the constant barrage of tasks, i find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, my mind a chaotic whirlpool of endless demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop of tasks with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
amidst the constant barrage of demands and expectations, i struggle to find moments of peace and tranquility, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped, with no escape from the relentless cycle of deadlines and demands.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, the escalating pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and unmet expectations has left me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of pressure and responsibility.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, my mind and body are on overdrive, struggling to keep up with the endless demands, leaving me feeling drained and unable to fully recharge.
i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and deadlines, my mind is a whirlwind of constant worry and my energy is depleted, yet the mountain of tasks before me remains insurmountable.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
the constant barrage of demands and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, unable to catch a breath or find peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep my head above water, the current keeps pulling me under, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, my mind constantly racing and body drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily obligations is starting to feel insurmountable. i'm drowning in tasks and struggling to find a moment's peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find balance and peace within the chaos, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, every new task adding to the mountain i struggle to climb, leaving me feeling trapped and inadequate.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, while my mind keeps spinning with endless worries and fears, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant influx of tasks and demands leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and clarity.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities and tasks, yet the pressure to perform never lessens, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in the weight of my own expectations and the pressure to perform.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks and responsibilities, unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body crave for a moment of respite, yet the relentless weight of responsibilities continues to loom over me.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress that seems unending, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the relentless onslaught of demands and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and can't seem to find a way to the shore.
despite the constant pressure to perform and the never ending stream of tasks, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my own obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities seem to multiply, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of constant stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and the weight of expectations is crushing me, leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain how to regain control.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my endless list of responsibilities, my mind continues to swirl with unfinished tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and inescapably burdened.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, struggling to catch up and find peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting and i can't seem to find peace or relief from the constant barrage of tasks demanding my attention.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of obligations, with each new task adding to the relentless wave of stress and anxiety.
the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, unable to find solid ground and catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind and body constantly on high alert, craving a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new tasks, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly treading water and struggling to keep my head above the chaos.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge only adding to the relentless tide of stress and anxiety.
feeling trapped by the endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to find balance between work, family, and self care, leaving me drained and uncertain if i can handle it all.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to find solace, relentlessly reeling through an endless list of demands.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my commitments continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle my responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in tasks, and my mind refuses to rest, leaving me feeling both overwhelmed and powerless.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities, deadlines, and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the weight of the world, even for a moment of peace and respite.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly running yet getting nowhere, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me drained and yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, unable to catch my breath.
feeling trapped in a vortex of endless responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one more urgent than the last. the relentless ticking of deadlines and expectations is a cacophony that leaves me feeling powerless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the endless cycle of stress and anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the overwhelming pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the never ending cycle of demands on my time and energy.
feeling like a hamster on a relentless wheel, i'm drowning in responsibilities and expectations, each new task adding to the mounting pressure that threatens to swallow me whole.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the already overwhelming tide, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water, struggling to keep my head above the surface.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find balance or peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressure and endless obligations leave me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and responsibility.
i'm caught in a vortex of responsibilities, with each task demanding my attention, and the relentless cycle leaves me feeling drained and uncertain of when i'll finally catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pile of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no respite in sight.
despite the countless hours i put into my responsibilities, the mounting pressure and endless demands continue to leave me feeling trapped and drained, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges and expectations. the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling exhausted and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the thought of failure looms large, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in obligations, and every time i think i've reached the surface, another wave crashes down, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above water.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't help but feel the weight of my responsibilities bearing down on me, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up, and my mind constantly reeling from the relentless pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of pressure, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, as if i'm treading water but the current keeps pulling me under, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for a moment of peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, with no clear escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless tasks have left me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and responsibility.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities feels like a heavy burden, threatening to consume me and leave little room for peace or joy.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy.
feeling the weight of endless responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up, as each new task adds to the pile, leaving me exhausted and anxious, questioning if i'll ever catch up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, with each passing moment adding to the mounting pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever truly catch up, let alone find peace of mind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my immediate attention, and the pressure to meet every expectation leaves me feeling like i'm constantly on the verge of collapse.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself constantly behind and feeling the heavy weight of unmet expectations and unending demands.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave, and the fear of failure looms ever present, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my life leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, gasping for breath and longing for a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant cycle of anxiety and obligation.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities have left me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no end in sight.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm constantly treading water in a deep, turbulent ocean.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with no clear escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my overwhelming workload.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities is leaving me drained and unable to focus, my mind a whirlwind of unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the constant pressure and relentless demands leave me feeling trapped, with my thoughts and emotions spiraling out of control.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly treading water with no escape from the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a jumbled mess of deadlines and expectations, and it feels like there's a never ending cycle of pressure that i can't seem to escape.
the constant bombardment of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of the clock leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, but the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a human ping pong ball, bouncing from one obligation to the next, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and demands leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day brings new challenges that seem insurmountable, and the weight of expectations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the mounting pressure and expectations leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly chasing an unattainable goal.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace of mind.
the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to find solid ground and catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure builds as the clock ticks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of obligation.
simple stress relief meditation take 15 minutes to soothe the stress and anxiety from your day. a guided meditation https youtu.be slifnywj8ru to help calm and balance your mind.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new tasks and demands, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and tranquility.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
despite the relentless pressure to perform and constant inflow of tasks, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, and the constant pressure is starting to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the mounting pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped and helpless, my mind perpetually racing and my body drained.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to escape the constant pressure to perform, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it seems like there's always more coming my way. the weight of it all is starting to take a toll on me.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and fulfill obligations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities, with no shoreline in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my overflowing tasks, the mounting pressures only seem to intensify, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with little reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm finding myself constantly behind, and the weight of expectations is taking a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me like a heavy boulder, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up or find peace from the relentless cycle of demands.
despite the relentless pressure and constant demands on my time, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the face of my overwhelming responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped, with each new task only adding to the mountain of responsibilities looming over me.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mountain of responsibilities seems to grow taller each day, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of endless demands.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, draining my energy and focus.
despite the relentless tide of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself unable to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and consumed by an unending cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts, the endless stream of responsibilities and demands leaves me feeling trapped, with little reprieve from the relentless cycle of pressure and expectation.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and overwhelmed, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the daily grind.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and juggle multiple responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, trapped in a never ending cycle with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless weight of responsibilities and expectations is leaving me drained and unable to focus, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate feels like a wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for the calm before the storm.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the endless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, with no escape from the relentless cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of responsibilities and demands leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to catch my breath or find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, and each passing day feels like an endless cycle of chaos and pressure. my mind and body yearn for a moment of peace and relief.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and my energy depleting, yet the relentless cycle of obligations persists, leaving me yearning for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling drained and unable to find peace in the midst of chaos.
despite the seemingly endless tasks demanding my attention, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities, unable to catch a breath and find peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to catch my breath or find peace in the chaos.
i'm constantly juggling tasks, but my energy seems to dwindle as my responsibilities pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of tasks and expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of work, and my mind refuses to find solace, as if constantly reminding me of the never ending cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body relentless in their demand for productivity, but even as i accomplish tasks, the weight of expectations never seems to lessen.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find peace and clarity amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my inner calm.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself grappling to keep up, my mind and body exhausted, longing for a moment of peace and stillness.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't help but feel trapped and powerless, as if my mind and body are being pulled in opposite directions.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of expectations.
despite the relentless barrage of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of obligations, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, with every passing moment adding another layer of pressure to an already heavy burden.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new challenge adding to the cacophony in my mind.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities and deadlines, unable to catch my breath or find a moment's peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body yearn for a moment of respite, a brief escape from the constant pressure to perform and produce.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no end in sight.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of responsibilities leave me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath, let alone find peace and tranquility.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm constantly treading water but sinking instead.
despite the relentless onslaught of responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as if my mind is a perpetual factory, churning out new demands with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily life leaves me feeling drained and unable to find peace or clarity in the midst of chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body screaming for a reprieve, yet the relentless cycle of obligations continues to spin, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle each task, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the cycle of endless demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the never ending cycle, and my mind refuses to find solace, perpetuating a vicious cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with the weight of unfinished business.
despite the relentless march of deadlines, tasks, and responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tidal wave of obligations.
and i don't even remember. please help me. he says it's ok and he forgives me. but it's not okay. my diagnoses and the symptoms of it is never an excuse to hurt the ones i love.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a never ending sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life are leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace and balance.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a failing juggler, unable to keep the balls in the air and bring peace to the chaos within.
the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion, with no escape from the relentless mental chatter.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with little hope of escaping the endless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities and deadlines presses heavily upon me, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i can't seem to find peace and tranquility, as my mind and body are constantly on high alert, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted from the relentless cycle of expectations, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the constant pressure that weighs upon my shoulders.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to keep up with the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities.
feeling as if i'm drowning in responsibilities, each new task added to my already overflowing plate only intensifies the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety that consumes me.
the constant demands on my time and energy are leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being. i long for a moment of peace and tranquility amidst the chaos.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts, the growing pile of responsibilities continues to loom over me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the weight of constant demands.
despite my relentless efforts, the growing pile of responsibilities continues to loom over me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'm making a dent in the mountain of tasks before me.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the looming deadline only intensifies my anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind are screaming for a reprieve, yearning for the stillness and silence that seems increasingly elusive.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace in the chaos, feeling trapped by the weight of expectations and the relentless ticking of time.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite the endless tasks and pressing deadlines, my heart and mind are weighed down by the constant pressure to perform, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself powerless to keep up, my mind and body yearning for respite amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of unfinished tasks and unmet expectations, as the relentless march of time only adds to my mounting stress.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressure of unfinished tasks piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and inadequate, as if my mind and body are on constant overdrive.
the constant pressure to perform and achieve leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with little reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling exhausted and anxious.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of responsibilities feels like an insurmountable mountain, leaving me exhausted and unable to escape the mental and emotional toll.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
feeling trapped under the weight of endless responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, barely able to focus on any one thing at a time.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, with each task demanding my attention and energy, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of when i'll be able to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in obligations, each day adding new layers to an already towering pile, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless current of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities piling up feels unmanageable, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained and uncertain where to begin.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each task adding another ripple to the endless ocean of obligations, and the relentless cycle leaves me yearning for tranquility.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind and unable to keep up, leaving me feeling anxious and overwhelmed.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless inflow of tasks and responsibilities is leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind seems to be a relentless machine, refusing to rest amidst the chaos.
feeling trapped in a vortex of endless responsibilities, my mind and body ache from the relentless demand for productivity, unable to escape the crushing weight of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, my mind racing with worry and my energy drained.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure mounts as deadlines approach, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands of my day leave me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and deadlines.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to find solid ground and catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and clarity.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges and expectations, yet no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up or find peace from the endless cycle.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the escalating demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and exhausted, unable to escape the constant pressure to perform.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the inescapable cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts, the pressure to meet deadlines and balance responsibilities is leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus, like a leaf caught in a relentless storm.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find the energy and focus needed to make a meaningful impact, leaving me feeling trapped and inadequate.
feeling trapped by the relentless weight of responsibilities, i struggle to find solace amidst the whirlwind of tasks, longing for a moment's peace to recharge and regain focus.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, and each new demand only adds to my mounting anxiety.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, and each new task only adds to the weight of anxiety that threatens to swallow me whole.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to find peace or relief from the constant pressure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of tasks and expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pull of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more task to tackle, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly chasing my own tail.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the pressure to meet expectations is suffocating. every minute feels like an emergency, and i can't seem to catch up, let alone find peace.
feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of responsibilities, i am overwhelmed and struggling to find balance in the whirlwind of demands on my time and energy.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my heart aches for stillness and peace, but the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and home leave me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion, with little reprieve in sight.
feeling weighed down by an unending stack of responsibilities, my thoughts constantly race, unable to find solace or relief, leaving me trapped in a cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the constant effort to keep up with my responsibilities, i can't escape the gnawing feeling that i'm falling behind, as if the weight of the world rests on my shoulders.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, with my mind and body yearning for a much needed reprieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and hopelessly behind.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of anxiety and uncertainty. every moment is filled with demands, leaving me feeling powerless and depleted.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calmer waters.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and juggling responsibilities, the relentless weight of my overloaded schedule continues to gnaw at my peace of mind.
i'm constantly juggling multiple responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and powerless, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of work piling up, and the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless cycle of deadlines, responsibilities, and obligations leaves me feeling trapped, with anxiety gnawing at me from every angle.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in the constant barrage of demands, and the fear of falling behind leaves me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new responsibility adds to the relentless pressure, making even the simplest moments feel insurmountable.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and endless responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of stress, unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and the relentless pace of life leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
stress buster calming flute....himalyan hike https roundglass.com living meditation musictracks himalayan hike https roundglass.com living meditation musictracks himalayan hike
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear path to calmer waters.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibilities, struggling to keep my head above water and find balance in this chaotic whirlwind.
i'm drowning in obligations, my calendar is filled to the brim, and my mind is a relentless whirlpool of thoughts and responsibilities, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to stay afloat in a sea of obligations.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, barely keeping afloat, with no clear path to escape the crushing weight of obligations.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as my mind relentlessly races with a seemingly never ending list of demands.
despite the relentless march of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or quiet in my mind, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and my energy dwindling. every moment feels filled with pressure and expectations, leaving me longing for a reprieve.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, my mind in a whirlwind of anxiety and my body drained of energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the endless stream of tasks and deadlines only seems to grow, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to escape the overwhelming weight of responsibility.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily routine leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in a cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly running but never making significant progress.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle all the responsibilities on my plate, the growing pile of tasks only amplifies my stress and leaves me feeling drained and overburdened.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling trapped and exhausted, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels and getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in the weight of endless tasks, unable to escape the mental and emotional toll.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling drowned in responsibilities and longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless march of deadlines and expectations only intensifies, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new demands that relentlessly crash over me, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment's peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressure mounts higher with each passing day, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities and expectations.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up and am struggling to find moments of peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear horizon or escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in a cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite the constant pressure to accomplish more, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up. each day brings new challenges, and my mind and body are struggling to cope.
feeling trapped in a perpetual whirlwind of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands of my day, leaving me longing for a moment of respite and peace.
despite the constant juggling of responsibilities, the relentless demands of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling powerless against the tidal wave of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of expectations that threatens to engulf me, leaving little room for rest and relaxation.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my time, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the constant influx of demands, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of stress and fatigue.
feeling like a hamster on a relentless wheel, i'm drowning in obligations and expectations, with each passing moment adding another layer of stress to my already burdened mind.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, unable to catch a breath or find moments of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up on top of the old ones. the relentless cycle leaves me feeling drained and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, as if my mind is a runaway train with no brakes.
despite my relentless efforts, the mountain of tasks before me only seems to grow, leaving me feeling drowned in responsibilities and longing for a moment of peace and respite.
feeling trapped by the constant demands on my time and energy, i can't help but wonder if i'll ever catch up, or if i'll be stuck in this cycle of stress and overwhelm forever.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or clarity amidst the chaos.
the relentless cycle of demands and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere, with no escape from the mental and emotional burden.
despite my efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the pressure builds, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the endless cycle of responsibilities.
feeling trapped and suffocated by the weight of responsibilities, i yearn for a moment of peace, but the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines keeps me tethered to the chaos.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the pressure to perform and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety, with little respite in sight.
chronic stress recovery from inflammation time frame? how long does it take inflammation in the body to dissipate after reducing cortisol, following a period of chronic stress?
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if drowning in a sea of unmet expectations and inescapable demands.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, constantly moving yet getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and overburdened, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
the weight of my responsibilities is crushing, and it seems like no matter how many hours i dedicate to tackling them, they only grow more insurmountable with each passing day.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, and the constant pressure is leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own wellbeing.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and the endless stream of obligations leaves me feeling like a drowning man, barely keeping my head above the water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the relentless cycle of expectations leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
feeling trapped by the relentless demands of my responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of peace and calm amidst the chaos, leaving me drained and yearning for a reprieve.
the weight of my responsibilities presses down on me like a heavy blanket, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressure to perform is crushing, and my mind and body feel as if they're drowning in an endless sea of tasks and responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding more attention than the last, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and relaxation.
the relentless onslaught of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm constantly treading water with no hope of reaching solid ground.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels without making any progress.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace and clarity.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a boulder added to the mountain of obligations i carry, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with each new challenge adding to the cacophony of my overloaded mind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human ping pong ball, bouncing from one task to another, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling trapped, unable to escape the constant cycle of demands and responsibilities.
the relentless pressure of deadlines, responsibilities, and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, as if the tide of life keeps pulling me under.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy depleting with each passing day, as the relentless pressure to perform and deliver mounts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are exhausted, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my mounting responsibilities.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up and relax my mind, as each new task adds to the mounting pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of demand.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental churn of unfinished tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing with tasks, and i feel like i'm treading water, unable to keep up with the endless demands on my time and energy.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but never truly making progress.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep my head above water, the waves just keep crashing down, leaving me feeling lost and disoriented.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressure at work and home leaves me feeling like a balloon on the verge of bursting, with my mind racing non stop, unable to find respite.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, and every time i complete a task, ten more pop up in its place, leaving me feeling like i'm stuck on a never ending treadmill.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body relentlessly pushed beyond their limits, as the endless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
i can have it in front of me and still overthink and ask my self over and over. any advice or opinions? thanks. p.s. i don t suffer a lot when i m busy at work or with friends.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, spinning endlessly without making any progress.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the mounting pressure, i find myself drowning in an ocean of responsibilities, unable to escape the riptide of constant demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. the constant pressure to perform is draining my energy and leaving me feeling helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly racing with the weight of unfinished projects and unmet expectations.
i'm finding it hard to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy. each day brings new challenges, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling drained and anxious.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to find a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and every moment feels like an uphill battle, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'm truly making progress.
despite the constant barrage of demands on my time and energy, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the face of my ever growing responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new demand adding to my mounting anxiety and sense of being constantly behind.
despite the relentless tide of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as my mind remains a whirlwind of unfinished business and looming deadlines.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless tide of expectations, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch my breath.
despite the constant pressure to deliver results, my mind and body are struggling to keep up. each new task adds to the mounting pile, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new obligation feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing pressure, and my mind refuses to find solace, keeping me in a perpetual state of anxiety.
the relentless demands of my responsibilities are leaving me drained, and the thought of another day of juggling seemingly endless tasks feels like an insurmountable mountain.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, my heart and mind remain trapped in a whirlwind of pressure and anxiety, unable to find peace or reprieve.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the whirlwind of expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and constant demands leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no clear path to shore.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the mental and emotional toll.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the feeling that i'm falling behind, as if my mind is stuck in an endless loop of worry and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of obligations and responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own peace of mind.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities feels like an unending tidal wave, drowning my energy and focus, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and stillness.
feeling trapped by the weight of endless responsibilities, i yearn for a moment of stillness amidst the relentless onslaught of obligations, yet my mind refuses to find peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new challenge adding to the mountain of stress that looms over me.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, it seems the pile only grows higher, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm running on a never ending treadmill.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human pinball bouncing between tasks, with no time for rest or reflection.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new day bringing fresh demands that only add to the mountain of expectations.
feeling trapped in a vortex of responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up with the demands of my daily life, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and stillness.
despite the countless hours i've invested into my responsibilities, the mounting pressures and endless expectations leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and the relentless ticking of the clock only intensifies my sense of urgency and despair.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and demands, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a chaotic whirlpool of anxiety and inescapable obligations.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm treading water in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and i can't seem to escape the relentless pressure, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily life leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks, each one demanding my immediate attention, and the thought of failing to meet even one deadline leaves me feeling paralyzed and helpless.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, and despite my best efforts, i can't seem to keep up. the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with each passing day only adding to the growing mountain of stress.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, my energy depleted, and my mind a whirlpool of anxiety and worry, struggling to keep up with the relentless demands of daily life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding more tasks to an already overflowing plate, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the relentless tide.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me like a heavy fog, obscuring my ability to focus and leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts, the mounting responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear path to calm waters in sight.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm beginning to question if i'm capable of keeping up, as the weight of expectations threatens to crush my spirit.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless ticking of the clock only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless ticking of deadlines only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and disheartened.
the constant pressure to perform and the relentless flow of tasks have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, with every second ticking away on the clock.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the weight of anxiety that clings to me like a shadow, clouding my thoughts and sapping my energy.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, my mind constantly racing with the weight of expectations, yet no matter how hard i try, the mountain of responsibilities seems to grow taller.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as my mind remains a whirlwind of unfinished tasks and unrealized goals.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, and the pressure builds as my thoughts race, leaving me exhausted and disheartened.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each task piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the relentless tide of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the sea of obligations, unable to escape the relentless tide of stress and responsibility.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained.
feeling as though i'm drowning in responsibilities, each new task adding another ripple to the relentless wave, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, unable to find tranquility.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and uncertain of my ability to meet even the most basic expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of peace amidst the chaos, as my mind remains cluttered with unfinished business.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, my mind is a whirlpool of anxiety and my body weary, longing for a moment of respite amidst the relentless demands of daily life.
the relentless demands on my time and energy have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i struggle to find peace and tranquility, as each new challenge only adds to the mountain of responsibilities that threatens to consume me.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, and the mounting pressure leaves me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of obligations continues to spin, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind races with anxiety as i struggle to keep up, and the weight of unfinished tasks looms heavy upon my shoulders.
despite the relentless flow of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of expectations, unable to catch a moment's peace from the whirlwind of obligations.
the constant barrage of demands and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a human hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to catch my breath and find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up, and my mind a constant whirlwind of worry and anxiety.
amidst the chaos of deadlines and responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, longing for a moment of peace and calm in the midst of the relentless storm of obligations.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the weight of responsibilities press heavily on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of pressure i carry, making it hard to catch my breath and find peace in the chaos.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, as if each task is a mountain to climb, and my energy is draining faster than i can refill it.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i'm struggling to keep up and can't seem to find peace amidst the chaos, as my mind remains preoccupied with the mounting responsibilities.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities and expectations, i find myself drowning in the relentless tides of my overactive mind, longing for a moment of stillness and respite.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of unfinished tasks, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling drowned and powerless to keep up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the escalating demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, and each passing moment only adds another wave to the tide.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task adding to the mountain of pressure that threatens to crush me, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, and i yearn for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my own obligations.
the constant pressure to perform and the never ending stream of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, trapped in a cycle of endless tasks and deadlines.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished tasks, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and tranquility amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in a cycle of stress and exhaustion.
feeling trapped and drowning in a sea of responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, and each new task added to my plate only amplifies the weight of my overwhelming workload.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind refuses to find respite, leaving me feeling trapped and incapable of catching up.
despite my best efforts, the endless cycle of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an unending sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the mental and emotional weight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying out for respite, yet the relentless cycle of obligations continues to spin, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and uncertain how to regain control, let alone find peace in the midst of chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and no matter how hard i try, the mounting pressure only seems to increase, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
the relentless demands of my daily life are beginning to wear me down. despite my best efforts, i can't seem to keep up, and the pressure is taking a toll on my peace of mind.
despite the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind and body weary from the relentless cycle of demands, longing for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a ball bouncing between endless obligations, with no reprieve in sight.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my heart yearns for stillness and the calm before the storm, yet my mind remains a relentless battleground of tasks and expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and stillness within, as if my mind is a relentless engine that refuses to pause.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as if my mind is a perpetual factory churning out worries and anxieties.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with every task demanding my immediate attention.
i'm constantly torn between responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the endless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if my mind is stuck on repeat.
the weight of responsibilities piling up, the clock ticking, and my energy dwindling it's an uphill battle, but i'm determined to find a way to regain balance and tranquility.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of pressure and expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself trapped in a vicious cycle of stress and anxiety, struggling to find peace and balance in my daily life.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new tasks, and my mind is a relentless storm, refusing to calm despite my best efforts to find tranquility.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a treadmill running at full speed with no off switch in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of my daily obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or respite.
despite the endless tasks piling up, i struggle to find the energy and focus to tackle them all, leaving me feeling trapped and burdened by the weight of my responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, and the relentless cycle of deadlines only intensifies my anxiety and exhaustion.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, and each new task only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me exhausted and anxious.
the weight of responsibilities piles up like mountains, and the clock ticks relentlessly, leaving me drowning in the sea of expectations, longing for a moment of tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find a moment of peace or relief.
feeling weighed down by responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless pace of life, my mind constantly preoccupied and my body yearning for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and expectations.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, and no matter how hard i paddle, i can't seem to make headway towards calmer waters.
the weight of responsibilities feels like an unending mountain, threatening to crush me, as each day brings new demands, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no escape from the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of tasks keeps spinning, leaving me questioning if there's ever a chance for true rest.
the relentless tide of responsibilities and expectations crashes over me, leaving me feeling like a small boat struggling to stay afloat amidst the stormy sea of obligations.
despite the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself unable to keep up, drowning in the weight of expectations and the relentless demand for productivity.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and endless tasks continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control over my chaotic life.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no clear shoreline in sight.
feeling trapped by the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, fearing the consequences of failure, yet finding no relief in the endless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the endless cycle of stress and expectation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a boulder added to an already heavy burden, making it increasingly difficult to catch my breath and find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the relentless tide.
despite the relentless barrage of responsibilities, i can't seem to make a dent in my ever growing list, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure builds as the clock ticks, leaving me feeling trapped in a whirlwind of expectations and exhaustion.
despite the seemingly endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to find balance and tranquility amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, with my thoughts racing a million miles an hour.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, i can't help but feel like a cog in a machine, constantly churning, yet never making progress towards a calm and balanced existence.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate only amplifies the pressure i'm already under, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
the weight of responsibilities and expectations is crushing me, as if i'm carrying an invisible boulder, and the constant pressure to perform is draining my energy and focus.
despite the relentless cycle of responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, and each passing moment only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, like a hamster on a never ending wheel.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities continues to weigh heavily on my shoulders, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body aching for a reprieve, yet the relentless cycle of demands only seems to escalate, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, with each task demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless to escape the relentless cycle of pressure and expectation.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no clear path to regain control.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges that pile up on top of the old ones, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day only brings more, leaving me feeling like i'm stuck in an endless cycle of unmet expectations and unfulfilled promises.
i drove the 10 minutes home with my fiance on the phone helping me count my breathing. i got home and collapsed. i couldn't breathe. my neck and chest hurt. i was hysterical.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always one more thing demanding my attention, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels without making any progress.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of juggling responsibilities has left me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite the constant hustle and bustle of my daily routine, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the relentless tide of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find balance, feeling trapped between the weight of expectations and the limited capacity of my energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and every minute feels like an insurmountable challenge, leaving me exhausted and uncertain where to begin.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and endless tasks leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an ocean of obligations, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever find peace and balance in my life.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and exhaustion.
i'm finding myself in a whirlwind of responsibilities, with each task demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing demanding my attention, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless weight of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, unable to catch a breath or find moments of peace in the chaos.
i'm constantly chasing after deadlines and battling an endless stream of obligations, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of stress and anxiety that i can't seem to escape.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, exhausted and unable to escape the cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure mounts, leaving me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning endlessly without making any real progress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of obligations and deadlines. each passing day adds another layer of pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i struggle to find peace and tranquility in the chaos, as the weight of responsibilities and expectations looms heavily upon my shoulders.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i can't escape the relentless pressure, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the mounting demands.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to find a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling helpless and hopeless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself unable to escape the relentless weight of responsibility, my mind a whirlwind of unfinished business.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and every moment feels like an uphill battle, leaving me exhausted and disheartened.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and obligation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, anxious, and unable to escape the never ending cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities feels like an unscalable mountain, weighing heavily on my shoulders and clouding my thoughts.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the escalating demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite the relentless cycle of demands and expectations, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as if my mind and body are perpetually trapped in a whirlwind of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless demands of my responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, draining my energy and focus.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, and my mind refuses to find tranquility amidst the chaos.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and uncertain how to regain control.
i'm finding myself constantly tethered to my obligations, each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders, and the pressure to perform only amplifies the chaos in my mind.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of expectations, each wave threatening to capsize my fragile sense of control.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and relentless demands leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the constant influx of demands, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped in a cycle of anxiety, with my thoughts racing a million miles an hour and my energy depleted.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the endless influx of tasks leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to keep up and finding no reprieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my attention, and the relentless ticking of the clock only adds to my anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities continue to weigh heavily on me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i'm finding it difficult to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the weight of my responsibilities.
the relentless pressure of deadlines, responsibilities, and expectations is leaving me drained, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the whirlwind of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure. my mind is a whirlpool of unfinished business, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities seem to multiply, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calmer waters.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm finding myself constantly behind, with each new challenge adding to the mountain of stress that threatens to consume me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless wave of obligations keeps crashing down, leaving me feeling powerless and exhausted.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself unable to escape the crushing weight of responsibility, leaving me feeling drained and inadequate.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the relentless march of deadlines only grows louder, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the relentless tide of responsibilities, i struggle to keep my head above water, as each new challenge only adds to the mounting pressure in my already burdened mind.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and relentless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to catch up or find a moment of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlpool of thoughts and deadlines, and each passing moment only adds another burden to my already overflowing plate.
despite my relentless efforts, the mountain of tasks before me seems to grow taller, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the suffocating weight of responsibility.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and endless demands leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to shore.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of relentless tasks and constant distractions, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in my own obligations, unable to find peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the never ending cycle of demands and expectations.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a chaotic whirlpool, and the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me drained and disconnected from the joy that once fueled my passion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new demand only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds another ripple to the already turbulent sea of obligations, leaving me feeling powerless to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like i'm constantly playing catch up, leaving me drained and unable to focus on anything else.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling drained and drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to find a moment's peace.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of obligations and deadlines, with each task adding another brick to the tower of pressure i carry, leaving me feeling powerless and suffocated.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the gnawing sensation that i'm not doing enough, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, but no matter how hard i try, the mounting pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch my breath.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to fulfilling my responsibilities, the mounting pressure to perform only amplifies my anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in an endless cycle of chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet no matter how hard i try, the endless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and deadlines, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders, making it difficult to focus or find peace amidst the chaos.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with my mind constantly racing and my body longing for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no clear horizon in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure that refuses to subside, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is constantly stuck in overdrive.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no escape from the constant mental chatter.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly treading water without any hope of reaching solid ground.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm constantly chasing after deadlines, and each task i complete only seems to breed two more, leaving me feeling like i'm on a never ending treadmill, with no end in sight.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to conquer, leaving me feeling exhausted and demotivated.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines and managing responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me feeling like i'm constantly chasing my own tail, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of demands, with no clear horizon in sight.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to swallow me whole, as the clock ticks away, reminding me of the precious moments of my life slipping away.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace and clarity.
i'm finding myself constantly tugged between responsibilities, my mind racing with tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in tasks, the clock is ticking, yet i can't seem to keep up. my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines and responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, responsibilities, and deadlines, i struggle to find peace in the chaos, my mind constantly racing with the weight of unfinished business.
despite the relentless flow of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, my mind and body feel drained, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of productivity with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the cycle of endless demands and dwindling energy.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm treading water in a sea of obligations, each wave crashing harder than the last, and i'm struggling to keep my head above the surface.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with demands, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities, with each new task only adding to the mounting pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling exhausted and drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear escape in sight.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, my mind and body are weighed down by the relentless pressure to keep up, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and disconnected, as if i'm drowning in a sea of unmet expectations.
amidst the clamor of deadlines and endless tasks, i find myself drowning in the undertow of responsibility, yearning for the tranquility of a quiet moment to simply breathe.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a treadmill runner, constantly moving yet never making progress.
how meditation helps in managing stress https movexstill.com blog understanding the benefits of meditation https movexstill.com blog understanding the benefits of meditation
i'm constantly trying to juggle multiple responsibilities, but no matter how hard i push, the weight of expectations feels insurmountable, and my mind refuses to find peace.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and the endless stream of tasks in my head are leaving me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in my own responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily tasks, the mounting pressures and expectations leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind and body aching for a moment of respite, but the relentless cycle continues to spin.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, yet the clock keeps ticking, leaving me feeling like i'm barely keeping my head above water.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find tranquility in the chaos, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems there's always one more task demanding my attention. my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the relentless tide that refuses to recede, leaving me grappling for breath in the chaos of my overloaded schedule.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the constant ringing of notifications have left me feeling like a drowning man, gasping for air amidst the flood of responsibilities.
the relentless barrage of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to catch my breath or find a moment's peace.
amidst the chaos of constant deadlines and endless obligations, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, i'm consumed by a relentless cycle of tasks, my mind racing with responsibilities that seem to multiply with each passing moment.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding another wave to the relentless tide, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment of peace.
the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a human hamster on a never ending wheel, struggling to keep up while my energy and focus dwindle.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i can keep up, let alone enjoy the moments that truly matter.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly treading water, but never making progress.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and the pressure to perform, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless tasks have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm trapped in an endless cycle of responsibility.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to conquer, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, with each new task only adding to the mountain of responsibilities piling up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no escape from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to mount higher, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to catch up, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of responsibility.
despite my best efforts, the relentless weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and helplessly drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant barrage of tasks and demands leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to calm and control.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in this never ending cycle.
despite my best efforts, the relentless surge of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pressure.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my heart yearns for a moment of stillness and peace, a brief escape from the relentless mental and emotional burden.
despite the relentless ticking of the clock and the growing pile of tasks, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the cycle of endless demands.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body screaming for a reprieve, yet the relentless cycle of deadlines and demands shows no signs of slowing down.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a drowning man, gasping for air and unable to escape the relentless tide.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, and no matter how hard i paddle, it seems i'm treading water rather than making progress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day feels like an insurmountable mountain of tasks, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the mental and emotional burden.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the relentless tide keeps pulling me under, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the mental and emotional toll.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, constantly spinning but getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the constant stream of demands and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and my energy levels dwindling. the weight of expectations is unbearable, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing another task, and i can't help but feel like i'm treading water, barely keeping my head above the surface.
i'm caught in a relentless cycle of tasks, each one piling on top of the last, and no matter how hard i try, the clock seems to move slower as my energy and focus dissipate.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and obligations, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, my mind adrift on a turbulent ocean of anxiety and uncertainty.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find respite from the constant pressure.
despite the relentless pressure to perform and the seemingly endless list of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and life leave me feeling like i'm constantly behind, with little respite from the incessant mental churn.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, fearing the consequences of falling behind while my energy and focus dwindle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling helpless and suffocated, unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for respite, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and helpless, unable to catch up and find peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and obligation.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
amidst the clutter of unfinished tasks, my mind is a constant whirlpool of anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own being.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mountain of tasks continues to grow, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations and expectations, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind and unable to catch up.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations and responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, my mind and body are crying for a break, craving the stillness and tranquility that seems impossible to find.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the weight of responsibilities piling up, i struggle to keep up, feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, drowning in the sea of tasks, my mind refuses to find peace.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, my mind remains trapped in a whirlpool of obligations, unable to find solace or escape from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, robbing me of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily obligations leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts racing and my energy drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless wave of tasks only seems to grow higher, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the pressure builds with each passing day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mountain of responsibilities looms larger each day, leaving me feeling powerless and buried beneath the weight of expectations.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of responsibilities and obligations, i struggle to find moments of peace and tranquility amidst the relentless hum of my overactive mind.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of tasks leaves me feeling drained, with my mind and body longing for a well deserved break.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with all my responsibilities, i can't escape the nagging feeling that i'm constantly falling behind, leaving me drained and anxious.
the weight of responsibilities presses heavily on my shoulders, each new demand adding to the avalanche of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like a human ping pong ball bouncing between deadlines, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the relentless tide of tasks, unable to find peace or respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human ping pong ball bouncing between deadlines and expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as if my mind is constantly tethered to a never ending string of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities are leaving me feeling drained and helpless, like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no end in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for a moment of respite, but the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of tasks continues to haunt me, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless march of deadlines only amplifies the sense of being trapped, unable to find respite from the cacophony of expectations.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind and body are weighed down by the mounting pressure, leaving me yearning for a moment of respite and clarity.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm constantly feeling behind and the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mountain of tasks only grows taller, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and the constant pressure to perform, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the weight of my overwhelming workload.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new challenge only adding to the relentless tide of pressure i face daily.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress i carry daily.
i'm constantly grappling with deadlines and expectations, and it feels like my mind and body are on a never ending treadmill, making it difficult to catch a moment's peace.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, unable to find a moment's peace amidst the relentless storm of demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day only adds more to my plate. it's a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
i'm constantly tethered to my responsibilities, and the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the weight of my obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the avalanche of responsibilities and expectations continues to mount, leaving me feeling like a drowning man grasping for straws.
despite my best efforts, the constant stream of demands and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an ocean of responsibilities, with no shore in sight.
i'm caught in a cycle of relentless responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of tasks, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate only amplifies the cacophony in my mind, leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain of how to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to shore.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, and each passing moment only adds to the weight of my mounting anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations feels unbearable, and i'm struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite the constant hustle and flow of daily life, the mounting responsibilities feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace within the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and powerless.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i'm constantly behind, leaving me feeling exhausted and anxious, with little relief in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate only intensifies the pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by an insurmountable workload.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i can't seem to find peace as my mind remains in a constant state of turmoil, craving a much needed respite from the relentless demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and the weight of it all is becoming unbearable.
feeling weighed down by the endless responsibilities, i struggle to find balance amidst the whirlwind of demands, leaving me longing for a moment of tranquility and relief.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and accomplish more leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, my mind and body yearning for a well deserved respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying out for a break, but the relentless ticking of deadlines only intensifies the deafening silence of my inner peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is constantly racing in circles.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my heart yearns for a moment of peace and tranquility, but my mind remains tethered to the chaos that surrounds me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a jumbled mess of deadlines and obligations, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, let alone find some peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no clear path to shore.
feeling trapped by the endless cycle of responsibilities, i yearn for a moment's peace, yet my mind remains a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, making rest a distant dream.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calm waters.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the mental and emotional weight that threatens to consume me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding more tasks to an endless list, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, and my mind refuses to find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite the endless tasks piling up and the relentless ticking of the clock, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to escape the whirlpool of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep afloat in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, but the riptide of expectations keeps pulling me under, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the relentless cycle of obligation.
i'm constantly caught in a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with little progress and even less peace of mind.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like i'm treading water in an endless sea of obligations, with no relief in sight.
despite the constant ticking of deadlines and the mounting pressure, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, unable to keep my head above water and find a moment's peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work, family, and personal obligations leave me feeling trapped, like a hamster on a never ending wheel.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and the endless stream of obligations leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the endless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite the endless tasks clamoring for my attention, i struggle to focus, my mind and body weary, yearning for a moment's respite from the relentless cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and unyielding demands leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities continue to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure to perform and the relentless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations i cannot seem to meet, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, i struggle to keep up with the demands of my daily life, while my mind relentlessly churns out new worries and responsibilities.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, my mind and body are weighed down by the relentless pressure to perform, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of unfinished tasks and looming deadlines.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations keeps piling on, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the constant barrage of tasks.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle each task, the growing pile of responsibilities looms over me like a mountain, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by anxiety.
the weight of responsibilities feels like an unyielding boulder on my shoulders, and every new task adds another layer of pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet the clock keeps ticking, leaving me feeling like i'm in an endless cycle of pressure and expectation.
the relentless ticking of my mental to do list is drowning me, as each new task adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of demand.
despite the constant buzz of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and can't escape the gnawing sense that i'm failing to meet even the most basic expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to escape the feeling of being constantly behind, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to catch up.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding another wave to the relentless tide, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear shoreline in sight.
despite my efforts to keep up, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with my mind and body both crying out for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning tirelessly without making any progress.
feeling trapped in a vortex of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, with each passing moment adding another burden to my already overflowing plate.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the weight of expectations only seems to increase, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
feeling weighed down by an endless stream of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, fearing the consequences of failure while my energy and focus dwindle.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities feel like an insurmountable burden, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of obligations and deadlines feels insurmountable, leaving me exhausted and uncertain where to even begin.
despite the countless hours i put in, my overflowing responsibilities continue to loom, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily routine leave me feeling drained and drowning in a sea of obligations, with little reprieve in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and my mind constantly racing, unable to find a moment of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless tide, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water and yearning for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new demand adding to my mounting anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in a cycle of anxiety and exhaustion.
the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like another wave crashing over my head, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above water.
the constant pressure to perform and the relentless barrage of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drowning in my own expectations, unable to find respite amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and incapable of focusing on anything but the mounting responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pull of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the constant mental churn.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unyielding tide.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, i'm drowning in responsibilities and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies my sense of urgency and inadequacy.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities continue to weigh heavily on my mind, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily routine leave me feeling drained and overburdened, as if i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no end in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i find myself constantly tethered to my desk, unable to escape the relentless pressure of unmet deadlines and looming responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressures of my daily life leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental chatter.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities.
the weight of my responsibilities presses heavily upon my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of obligations that feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day only adds more weight to my shoulders. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling exhausted and helpless.
feeling trapped in a vortex of endless responsibilities, my mind and body cry for respite, yet the relentless march of deadlines and obligations shows no signs of abating.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing pressure, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or relaxation in the midst of constant demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to swamp me, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in the weight of unfulfilled obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and utterly drained.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever reach the top.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day only adds more tasks to my plate. the weight of expectations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless pressure is beginning to take a toll on my mental and emotional well being.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders, and the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with my mind racing non stop, unable to find tranquility or a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind cluttered with deadlines and expectations. every minute feels pressed, yet i can't seem to make a dent in this mountain of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of juggling responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts and emotions spiraling out of control.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
the constant pressure to perform and the never ending pile of tasks leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the overwhelming demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of constant stress.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind constantly racing and my body drained.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself unable to escape the relentless tide of stress and anxiety that threatens to consume me.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, my mind races with thoughts and tasks, each demanding attention, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the countless hours spent on tasks, the relentless pressure to perform continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life have left me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to catch my breath and regain control.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind racing with worry and my energy drained, longing for a moment of respite amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new day bringing fresh challenges that only add to the mounting pressure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the relentless tide keeps pulling me under, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of obligations and tasks leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath, let alone find peace and clarity.
the relentless barrage of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above water and unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite my relentless efforts, the mounting pressures at work and home continue to crowd my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the escalating demands of my daily routine have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
the weight of expectations and responsibilities is crushing me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to make a dent in the endless sea of tasks demanding my attention.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as if each new task adds another brick to the wall of my overloaded plate.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i'm constantly feeling behind and unable to catch up, leaving me feeling anxious and overwhelmed.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling helplessly drowned in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is in a constant whirlwind, and every new task feels like another mountain to conquer, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to drown me as my mind races with an endless list of tasks, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks, and every new demand feels like a mountain to conquer, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an endless list, leaving me feeling like i'm stuck in an unending cycle of chaos, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helpless and burdened.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressure at work and home leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, let alone find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities presses down on me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with all my responsibilities, the mounting pressures continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, i'm constantly feeling behind and the weight of unfinished projects only adds to my stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure and endless tasks have left me feeling drained and overwhelmed, like a ship battling against an unending storm.
the relentless pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything beyond the present moment.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, my mind a whirlpool of anxiety and exhaustion.
amidst the chaos of daily obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with no respite in sight, as the relentless march of deadlines continues to grind me down.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life seem to have taken over, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and respite.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my responsibilities, as if each new task adds another layer of pressure, and my mind and body are struggling to cope.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and prioritize, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities feels like a never ending maze, leaving me drained and uncertain of when i'll finally find some peace and respite.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or rest.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new day bringing fresh challenges that only add to the mounting pressure.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind is constantly burdened with the weight of unfinished tasks, leaving little room for relaxation or respite.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, my mind and body are constantly in overdrive, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and powerless to make a dent in the seemingly endless pile of tasks.
feeling trapped and suffocated by an endless list of responsibilities, my mind and body long for a moment of relief, yet the relentless cycle of demands continues to spin.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing, and each task seems to add another drop to the overflowing bucket, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite the countless hours i put into my responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, and my mind refuses to find respite from the relentless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind racing and body drained, longing for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with each new challenge only adding to my mounting stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body constantly on overdrive, but the endless tasks seem to only multiply, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations with no clear shore in sight.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, each one demanding my attention and energy, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted, unable to escape the constant pressure.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in the endless cycle of deadlines and demands, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind and body burdened by the weight of unmet expectations and unyielding deadlines.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the endless cycle of stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my own obligations.
i'm finding myself constantly drained and unable to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as if every task is a mountain to climb and my energy is a limited resource.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding another wave to the relentless tide, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines looming and commitments stacking up, my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety, and it feels like i'm constantly running on empty.
the weight of responsibilities pressing on my shoulders is unbearable, and every new challenge feels like a boulder added to an ever growing pile, threatening to crush me.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling drained and unable to escape the crushing weight of responsibilities.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities feels like an unending tidal wave, leaving me struggling to find calm amidst the chaos.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i cannot seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the weight of my responsibilities.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body are on constant overdrive, making it challenging to find moments of peace and relaxation amidst the chaos.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, unable to escape the relentless churn of tasks demanding my attention.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind is in a constant whirlwind, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, let alone find peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling like i'm constantly behind, drowning in a sea of obligations and expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new demand feels like a brick added to my already heavy burden. my mind and body are exhausted, yet there's no relief in sight.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i cannot seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the overwhelming tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no end in sight.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of tasks leaves me feeling like a drowning rat, struggling to keep afloat but unable to escape the relentless tide.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the already overflowing plate, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and yearning for a moment of respite.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to fulfilling my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the cycle of constant demand.
despite my efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time and energy, i'm finding myself drowning in commitments and responsibilities, with little relief in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the barrage of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new demand only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself grappling to keep up, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and pressure, unable to find peace or reprieve.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with little respite from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges that feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of constant demand and limited capacity.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations threatens to engulf me, leaving me feeling powerless and swallowed by the chaos.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, the endless tasks piling up, and my mind refusing to find stillness, i yearn for the tranquility that comes with a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the pressure is unrelenting, and my mind and body are exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, unable to catch a break and find some peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body constantly on overdrive, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the seemingly endless pile of tasks demanding my attention.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and obligation.
feeling trapped by an endless stream of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind in a constant whirlwind of tasks, unable to find peace or focus amidst the chaos.
i'm constantly juggling multiple responsibilities, but the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and utterly drained.
introduction to a set of release techniques which proved to be a great asset in fighting with stress youtube.com watch?v hna5ov1 hw0 https youtube.com watch?v hna5ov1 hw0
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, constantly spinning but never gaining ground.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, as if each new task is a wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress that seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, as if each new task is a wave crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the endless cycle of demands.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting deadlines, my mind remains cluttered with tasks, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
feeling trapped and powerless against the endless cycle of tasks, i can't help but drown in the rising tide of obligations, leaving little room for reprieve or self care.
the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling drained and overburdened, as if i'm constantly chasing an elusive finish line that never comes into sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and uncertainty.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with little reprieve from the relentless pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the endless cycle of worry and doubt.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the endless pile of tasks, the mounting pressure and constant mental chatter leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the pressure mounts higher each day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that feel insurmountable, leaving me questioning my ability to keep up and find peace within the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the relentless pull of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, and the constant churn of thoughts in my head only amplifies the sense of being trapped.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of obligations piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of constant pressure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in a storm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
feeling trapped in a vortex of responsibilities, my mind and body yearn for respite, but the relentless demands of daily life persist, leaving me struggling to keep pace.
despite the endless tasks piling up, i find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, my mind barely able to focus on one thing before being swept away by the next.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of my obligations, struggling to catch up and find balance amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of obligations, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the relentless cycle of demands.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities is leaving me drained, with my thoughts racing like a never ending train, and the simplest tasks feeling insurmountable.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as my mind and body are constantly drained, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of obligations, my mind and body are screaming for respite, yet the relentless churn of responsibilities shows no sign of abating.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a constant whirlpool of tasks and deadlines.
the relentless cycle of deadlines, responsibilities, and expectations has left me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above water and catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling constantly drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the endless stream of tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the suffocating cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but never making progress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks keeps pulling me under, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, each day bringing new pressure and expectations, leaving me feeling like i'm perpetually treading water with no end in sight.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities clamoring for my attention, i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body remain trapped in an exhausting cycle of stress and anxiety, unable to find respite or peace.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with unfinished tasks and the weight of expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and depleted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helpless and anxious, as if i'm constantly playing catch up with an unyielding tide.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform and constant distractions leave me feeling drained, uncertain of where to even begin.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one more pressing than the last, and my mind is a relentless churn of unfinished business, leaving me feeling trapped and incapable of escape.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure mounts, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and obligation.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the cresting wave, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above the surface.
the weight of responsibilities piles up, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up. each moment brings another demand, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task that comes my way feels like another brick added to the tower i'm frantically trying to build before it topples over.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts and worries swirling like a never ending storm in my mind.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of responsibilities piling up in my mind threatens to engulf me, leaving me feeling helpless and drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and each new demand only adds to the mountain of stress i'm struggling to climb.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, feeling as if i'm constantly chasing after an unreachable goal, my mind and body exhausted from the relentless pressure.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities weighs heavily on my shoulders, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
despite the relentless ticking of my internal clock and the growing pile of responsibilities, my mind and body feel depleted, unable to keep up with the unending demands.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, i can't escape the feeling of being constantly behind, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities is starting to feel like an unending weight on my shoulders, leaving me struggling to find moments of peace and respite.
when it is his weekend off . he grumbles and yells only on his 'nervous' days. maybe once a week. sometimes three days in a row. sometimes it is two weeks of not yelling.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of demands keeps spinning, leaving me feeling helpless and drowning.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, but the riptide of expectations keeps pulling me under, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and expectations, i find myself drowning in an ocean of responsibilities, unable to escape the undertow of anxiety and pressure.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless cycle leaves me feeling exhausted and uncertain where to even begin.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities have left me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and constant influx of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite the constant barrage of tasks and demands, my heart longs for a moment of stillness and peace, yet my mind remains trapped in an endless cycle of worry and doubt.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless tasks leaves me feeling drained and uncertain where to even begin.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the cycle of constant pressure.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, and it feels like every task adds another stone to my already heavy burden, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and relief.
the relentless demands of daily life have left me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere, with my mind and body pleading for a moment of respite.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of obligations, with each task completed only to reveal another, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, gasping for respite.
despite the relentless tide of obligations, i find myself treading water, unable to catch a breath, as each new demand threatens to capsize the fragile balance of my day.
the relentless barrage of obligations and expectations is leaving me drained, and each new challenge feels like a mountain to conquer, rather than an opportunity to grow.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and find moments of peace amidst the relentless tide of demands on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, the mountain of expectations seems to grow taller with each passing day.
despite my relentless efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal obligations leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of tasks, i'm struggling to keep up and my mind refuses to find peace, as if each uncompleted chore multiplies, further fueling my anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly preoccupied, and the weight of expectations bearing down on me.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drowning, unable to catch a breath and find peace in the storm.
amidst the chaos of deadlines and expectations, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, struggling to keep my head above water and regain a sense of control.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures at work and home are leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands and expectations.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind and my mind filled with endless worries, making it hard to focus or find peace.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, each demanding my attention and leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind.
despite the constant pressure to perform and deliver, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new deadline only adding to my growing sense of helplessness and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to catch up and find respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines looming and my energy dwindling. each new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
the weight of my responsibilities feels like a heavy burden, constantly pressing down, making it difficult to focus or find relief, even in the simplest moments of peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and overwhelmed, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, and each passing moment only adds more pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless tide of responsibilities engulfs me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and endless demands leave me feeling trapped, unable to catch my breath and find peace amidst the chaos.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for respite, craving the stillness and tranquility that seems an unattainable luxury.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities, deadlines, and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the constant barrage of thoughts and demands on my time.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up, and each passing moment only adds another layer of pressure to my already burdened mind.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the pressure of deadlines and endless responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, my mind and body unable to keep up, longing for a moment of respite, yet the relentless cycle of responsibilities continues to spin.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling like a drowning man trying to keep his head above the surface.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless wave of tasks keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a boulder added to the mountain i'm trying to climb, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and obligation.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily routine leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is constantly stuck in overdrive.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the heavy burden of responsibility, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide that threatens to consume me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above the water.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the relentless tide of tasks, i find myself drowning in obligations, with each new day bringing fresh challenges and expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water in a sea of obligations, unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, as the weight of expectations presses down on me, making it difficult to catch my breath and focus on the present moment.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and tasks leaves me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
the relentless barrage of demands and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the constant pressure, and longing for a moment of respite and tranquility.
feeling trapped in a vortex of tasks and responsibilities, i'm unable to keep up with the relentless demands, leaving me drained and disconnected from the present moment.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, with each new task adding another wave to the relentless tide.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped in a cycle of constant stress and exhaustion, unable to find peace or respite.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of obligations, and every moment feels like an uphill battle, leaving me yearning for a reprieve from the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of thoughts and tasks, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to escape the crushing weight of obligation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the relentless cycle of demand.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, with each day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable.
the constant pressure to perform and meet deadlines is leaving me drained and disconnected from my inner peace, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless pressure only seems to grow heavier, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of obligations that seems insurmountable, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling drained and inadequate, as if i'm constantly playing catch up and falling behind.
the relentless demands of my daily life are beginning to feel like an unyielding burden, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure that threatens to consume me.
despite my best efforts, the cluttered tasks on my desk and the incessant ringing of my phone feel like a relentless wave, leaving me drowning in stress and uncertainty.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
feeling as if i'm drowning in responsibilities, every new task added to my plate only intensifies the chaos, leaving me questioning how i'll ever find balance and peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, like a leaf caught in a never ending storm.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a balloon stretched too thin, ready to burst at any moment.
feeling weighed down by endless responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless pace of life, my mind a whirlwind of unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and each new demand only adds to the relentless pressure i can't seem to escape.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless pressure only seems to mount higher, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the deluge of responsibilities and obligations leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace and clarity in the chaos.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each one demanding my attention and energy, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the relentless cycle of expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in obligations, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the mounting pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations with no escape in sight.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, barely keeping my head above the waves, struggling to find a moment's peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for a reprieve, longing for the peace and calmness that seems elusive in my daily life.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my heart longs for a moment of peace and stillness, yet my mind refuses to let go, drowning in a sea of tasks and expectations.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath, as my mind races with an endless stream of tasks and deadlines.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
the relentless march of deadlines, obligations, and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, exhaustion creeping in as my resilience fades.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of my own obligations.
feeling as though i'm drowning in responsibilities, the relentless tide of obligations continues to rise, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for a moment's peace.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of my obligations.
despite the countless hours i've put into managing my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts racing and my energy drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disheartened, as if i'm stuck on a treadmill with no escape.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities leave me feeling like a drowning man, with no escape from the endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the relentless march of my responsibilities and the endless cycle of tasks, i can't seem to find respite, as my mind remains a whirlwind of anxiety and pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to conquer, leaving me questioning if i'll ever reach the surface and catch a breath of relief.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet there's never enough time or energy to complete them all, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
amidst the relentless whirlwind of daily tasks, i find myself struggling to keep up, my thoughts in a jumbled muddle, longing for the tranquility that seems to elude me.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities leave me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with little reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with my mind constantly racing and my body feeling the weight of endless demands.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the pressure continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the relentless pressure and mounting responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless as my mind spirals with endless thoughts.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb. the relentless pressure is starting to wear me down, and i fear i'll never catch up.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of endless tasks and deadlines.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure is suffocating, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds more to my plate, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of demands.
amidst the constant demands of work and personal life, it feels as though i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding another wave to the chaos.
despite the constant barrage of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, with my mind and body crying out for a much needed reprieve.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calm waters.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my immediate attention. the weight of expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle of stress.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch a moment of peace or tranquility.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the constant influx of tasks only grows louder, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or rest in the midst of chaos.
amidst the whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body feel heavy, yearning for a moment of peace and relief, yet the relentless cycle of demands persists.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no respite in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new demand only adds to the weight on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations is leaving me drained and disheartened, with each passing day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above the surface.
amidst the chaos of deadlines and endless obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of expectations, struggling to keep my head above water and find a moment's peace.
the weight of responsibilities pressing down on me feels like an unending avalanche, threatening to engulf every waking moment, leaving no room for peace or tranquility.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and expectations, i struggle to find peace amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities that demand my constant attention.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and commitments, my mind and body cry out for a moment's peace, yet the relentless march of obligations leaves me longing for a reprieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mounting pressure feels insurmountable, leaving me exhausted and uncertain where to begin.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the tidal wave of pressure that threatens to engulf me completely, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite the countless hours i put in each day, the relentless pressure to succeed leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no end in sight.
the relentless onslaught of responsibilities, deadlines, and expectations is beginning to feel like a heavy burden that i can't seem to escape, no matter how hard i try.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations threatens to crush me, and i can't escape the relentless cycle of pressure and anxiety.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i struggle to keep up, feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear path to calmer waters.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and exhausted, unable to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up as the clock ticks relentlessly, my mind and body exhausted from the unending cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of obligations, and the relentless inner chatter only intensifies the overwhelming sensation.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of obligations, i'm struggling to keep up with the demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the escalating demands of work and personal life leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my responsibilities are leaving me feeling drained and helpless, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave that threatens to engulf me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above the surface.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the growing pile of responsibilities and the incessant mental chatter leave me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as my mind remains fixated on the weight of unfulfilled expectations.
the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations is taking a toll on me. each new task adds to the growing pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling drained and drowning in a sea of responsibilities, struggling to keep my head above water.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and demands leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, unable to find a moment's peace or respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, gasping for a moment's peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, with my mind and body both pleading for a much needed reprieve.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle responsibilities, the weight of expectations continues to crush me, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own self.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling exhausted and disheartened.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, i can't escape the nagging feeling that i'm not doing enough.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the relentless tide of responsibilities threatens to engulf me, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment's respite from the never ending cycle of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
feeling as though i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day brings new challenges that pile up, leaving me questioning if i'll ever catch up and find a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in a cycle of never ending stress.
i'm drowning in obligations, and every new task that comes my way feels like another stone in the backpack i carry, making the journey up the mountain even more arduous.
amidst the relentless demands of work and personal obligations, my mind and body are exhausted, yet i can't seem to find the peace to catch my breath and regain control.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body stretched thin, longing for a moment's reprieve, but the relentless cycle of demands only grows louder.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling powerless and drained, unable to find respite from the relentless mental chatter.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up, feeling trapped by the weight of expectations and my own relentless drive to succeed.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the fear of failure only intensifying the storm within.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the never ending cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life are leaving me feeling like i'm drowning, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if my mind and body are constantly on overdrive.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the never ending cycle of tasks and obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i can't seem to keep up, and the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, and each new task only adds to the overwhelming chaos in my mind.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and constant distractions leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to shore.
the relentless demands of my daily life are drowning me, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water and barely able to focus on anything but the next urgent task.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if my mind and body are in a never ending cycle of chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one task to another, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling drained and out of control, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of constant demands, and the weight of responsibilities feels unbearable, leaving me yearning for a moment of tranquility.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and deadlines, i struggle to find peace in the storm, as my mind remains a whirlwind of anxious thoughts and unfulfilled obligations.
the weight of responsibilities piles up like a mountain, each task demanding my full attention, yet i feel inadequate to conquer it all, leaving me drained and anxious.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks only grows louder, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
the weight of responsibilities feels unbearable, and my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety, making it impossible to focus on anything, let alone find peace and tranquility.
the relentless pressure to perform and constant barrage of obligations have left me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch my breath and find solace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, my mind in a constant whirlwind, unable to find peace or rest.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm constantly behind and the weight of expectations leaves me feeling drained and uncertain how to move forward.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace as my mind remains in a perpetual state of chaos and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to find respite, constantly churning with unfinished business.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained and incapable of focusing on anything, let alone finding peace and calm.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the overwhelming demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling like i'm constantly behind, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless, as if the weight of the world rests on my shoulders.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each task piling on top of the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the endless tasks piling up, i find myself struggling to focus and make progress, as if my mind and body are stuck in an endless loop of exhaustion and anxiety.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the chaos that refuses to abate, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped in the whirlwind of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't keep up, leaving me feeling defeated and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of work that seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure and relentless demands leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of obligations persists, leaving me longing for a moment of stillness and relief.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the clutter of unfinished tasks, my mind constantly racing and my body drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and the incessant chatter of my thoughts leaves me feeling trapped, unable to find peace or respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no clear path to calmer waters.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of tasks and responsibilities piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
the weight of responsibilities pressing down on me feels like a mountain, and every new demand adds another boulder, making it harder to catch my breath and find peace.
despite my efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, unable to escape the constant cycle of demands.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i feel powerless to keep up, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the daily demands, i'm drowning in responsibilities and can't seem to find a moment's peace from the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body crying out for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me drained, and my mind and body yearn for a moment of peace and relief.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant demand on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with each new task only adding to the mountain of stress i carry daily.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the endless tasks and expectations feel like a relentless tide, threatening to pull me under.
the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the endless cycle of obligations, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations constantly presses down on me, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch a break.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly falling behind, leaving me drained and anxious about the future.
i'm finding myself constantly tethered to my responsibilities, my mind consumed by an endless loop of tasks and obligations, leaving little room for rest or relaxation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new tasks and expectations. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of obligations and responsibilities threatens to swallow me whole, leaving me feeling like a cog in a never ending machine.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying out for relief, but the relentless march of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pull of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, i'm constantly feeling behind, and the relentless pressure leaves me drained and anxious, unable to find peace in the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the pressure mounts, and i can't seem to find peace or balance in my daily routine.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure of juggling responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and anxious, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life have left me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no clear path to calm waters.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to focus and find peace in the midst of chaos, feeling trapped by the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to rest, as if tethered to an unyielding clock.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite amidst the relentless onslaught of demands.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up like an endless mountain, and every moment is filled with demands, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped, with no escape from the endless cycle of demands and expectations.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant pressure, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
the relentless march of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, trapped in a cycle of constant striving, unable to find respite or peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the endless stream of tasks and deadlines only grows louder, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, like a leaf caught in a never ending storm.
the relentless onslaught of responsibilities, compounded by my inability to find peace within, leaves me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm constantly pushing myself to accomplish more, but the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks and deadlines, with my thoughts constantly racing and my energy drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last. the weight of expectations threatens to crush me, leaving little room for respite or reflection.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless whirlwind of obligations and expectations.
despite the constant juggling of responsibilities, my mind remains a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace in the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, my mind remains a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling both trapped and exhausted.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily tasks, and every new demand only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the pressure to meet every deadline leaves me feeling like a balloon stretched beyond its limits.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as if my mind is a relentless machine that refuses to pause.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my heart longs for a moment of stillness and calm, yet my mind remains captivated by the relentless march of unfinished tasks.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up, my mind in a constant whirlwind, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the pressure to keep up feels insurmountable. every waking moment is consumed by tasks, leaving no room for relaxation or respite.
despite the constant barrage of emails, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, as if i'm treading water in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
amidst the clutter of unfinished tasks and endless demands, i'm struggling to find tranquility and focus, leaving me feeling helplessly tethered to my responsibilities.
i'm caught in an endless loop of responsibilities, with each new task adding to my mounting pressure, and the quiet moments of respite seem to be slipping further away.
despite the constant pressure to perform and deliver, i find myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the endless stream of tasks and deadlines only seems to grow, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the relentless pressure to perform and constant influx of information leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above water and catch my breath.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my daily responsibilities, and every moment feels like a battle against the clock, leaving me drained and anxious.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
the relentless ticking of my mental to do list and the never ending pile of tasks leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in my own responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i'm unable to keep up. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and drained.
despite the endless stream of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, i find myself drowning in the chaos, unable to escape the relentless cycle of pressure and expectation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, yet i'm unable to escape the relentless cycle of thoughts demanding my attention.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of tasks leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in a cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the relentless demands of my daily life, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body screaming for a reprieve.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life seem to have taken hold, leaving me feeling helpless and drowned in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to find solace, constantly churning with unfinished business.
i'm drowning in tasks, the clock ticks relentlessly, yet my progress feels insignificant, leaving me questioning my ability to keep up and find peace amidst the chaos.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and anxious.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't help but feel like i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, as my mind races with the weight of expectations, unable to find solace or peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more urgent than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the relentless flood of tasks, with my mind in a constant turmoil, unable to find peace or respite.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of pressure i carry, leaving me yearning for a moment of tranquility and relief.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, my mind a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, and my body drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and demands keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the relentless clock ticking away and the growing pile of tasks, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities, with no clear horizon in sight.
the relentless onslaught of obligations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to catch my breath or find a moment's peace.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere, with no escape from the constant mental chatter.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no clear shoreline in sight.
the constant demands on my time and energy are leaving me drained and anxious. each new task feels like a mountain to climb, and i fear i'll never be able to catch up.
despite the relentless pressure to perform, i find myself drowning in the overwhelming tasks at hand, struggling to keep my head above water and find a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, with little energy or focus for the things that truly matter.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, struggling to keep up and unable to find peace or solace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, with little respite from the relentless cycle of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing against me with relentless force, leaving me struggling to keep my head above the surface.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of juggling responsibilities continues to feel insurmountable, leaving me drained and uncertain how to regain control.
despite my best efforts, the relentless weight of responsibilities presses down on me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the endless cycle of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and relentless mental chatter leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind in a constant whirl of anxiety and worry.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of responsibilities and demands leaves me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure from work and personal commitments leaves me feeling drained and uncertain how to find balance and peace in the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and rest in the midst of my chaotic schedule, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind, once a peaceful sanctuary, is now a stormy sea of anxiety and worry.
the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to keep up while my energy and focus dwindle.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities feels like a never ending tidal wave, threatening to consume me whole, leaving little room for respite or reflection.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind constantly whirring with tasks and deadlines, but the relief of completing them seems an unattainable horizon.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of demands leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace in the storm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressures of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
every day i hope she messages me, calls me, or post on my facebook. any advice would mean the world to me. thank you. tl dr can't get over my ex how to get over my ex!
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, each one demanding my attention and energy, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of my obligations, unable to escape the relentless churn of expectations.
the relentless pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities is leaving me drained and anxious, as if each day brings a new mountain to climb, and i'm forever behind.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of obligations, i'm drowning in the relentless demands of my daily life, unable to escape the inescapable weight of my responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet my thoughts continue to race, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
the relentless pressure to perform is starting to feel like a heavy burden, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the endless demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts to juggle multiple responsibilities, the relentless pressure of constant demands leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm drowning in responsibilities and can't seem to catch up, as each new task adds another link to the endless chain of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of endless stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace or respite from the constant pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to keep up with the expectations placed upon me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless pressure is sapping my energy and focus, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
feeling like a hamster on a treadmill, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me drained and longing for a moment of respite.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the increasing pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the pressure from all sides leaves me feeling like a balloon on the verge of bursting, struggling to find balance amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop with no escape.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the tide of obligations.
the weight of my responsibilities feels like an unbearable burden, and each passing day brings new challenges, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the increasing pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, unable to catch a moment's peace.
the relentless onslaught of responsibilities and the incessant hum of my thoughts leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in the sea of obligations.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body remain in a state of constant anxiety, struggling to keep up with the relentless pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying for a break, yet the relentless pressure to perform never subsides, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, drowning in the weight of expectations, and the clock keeps ticking, yet there's never enough time to catch my breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i'm finding it difficult to keep up and can't seem to escape the lingering sense of pressure and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling powerless against the relentless tide of expectations.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, leaving me feeling powerless to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and obligations continues to outpace my energy and focus, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, spinning but going nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, and the relentless cycle of deadlines leaves me yearning for a moment of tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the weight of expectations only grows heavier, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my overwhelming workload, the growing pile of tasks continues to loom over me, leaving me feeling trapped and mentally drained.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of pressure.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, my mind races with responsibilities while my body craves rest, leaving me trapped in a cycle of exhaustion and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more task piling up, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to focus.
the constant pressure to perform and meet unrealistic expectations leaves me feeling drained and trapped in a cycle of stress and anxiety, with little hope for escape.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and helpless, unable to escape the constant mental and emotional strain.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are on the brink of exhaustion, struggling to find a reprieve from the relentless pressure.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with little hope of escaping the constant cycle of stress and pressure.
the relentless cycle of deadlines, obligations, and expectations leaves me feeling like i'm constantly spinning my wheels, with little progress to show for my efforts.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to escape the suffocating grip of stress and anxiety, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm finding myself constantly behind and unable to escape the relentless pressure, leaving me feeling drained and anxious.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly whirring with tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything, let alone enjoy the present moment.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless tide of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, my mind constantly racing with unfinished tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, and i can't seem to find a moment of peace or relief.
i'm constantly juggling tasks, yet the pressure mounts higher as the day goes on, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one seemingly more urgent than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling exhausted and defeated.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling of being tethered to my obligations, leaving little room for rest and rejuvenation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy drained, as my mind races with unfinished tasks, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the sea of expectations, each wave threatening to capsize the fragile balance i strive to maintain.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like i'm always one step behind, leaving me feeling both drained and anxious.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace of mind.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, my mind a whirlpool of obligations and deadlines. each new demand adds to the crushing weight, leaving me longing for a moment's peace.
the relentless pressure to perform and constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to catch a breath or find peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and exhausted, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling drained and helpless, like a ship battling relentless waves with no end in sight.
despite the constant stream of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, and the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of demands only grows louder, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations has left me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling drained and disconnected from my own thoughts and needs.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the increasing pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no clear shoreline in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drowning in a sea of demands, with little respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the constant influx of tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last. the weight of expectations crushes me, and i fear i'll never catch up or find a moment's peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of my daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a treadmill running at full speed with no end in sight.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless responsibilities is beginning to feel like a heavy burden, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling as though i'm drowning in the very things i need to accomplish.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, i struggle to find a moment's peace, as each task adds another layer to the mountain of expectations i carry on my shoulders.
amidst the clutter of responsibilities and deadlines, my heart yearns for a moment of tranquility, a brief reprieve from the relentless cycle of stress and obligation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless demands of my schedule keep me tethered to a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and drowning in an overwhelming sea of tasks.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, as if every task is a mountain to conquer, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, with no reprieve from the endless cycle of stress and pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling drained, like a balloon slowly losing air with no sign of release.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind are exhausted, leaving me questioning if i'll ever find peace and balance in my daily life.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me like a relentless tide, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water and longing for a moment of peace and calm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and deadlines.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize my responsibilities, i can't escape the constant feeling of being behind and the pressure building within me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an ever growing list, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and rest.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm constantly playing catch up and falling behind.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure mounts as deadlines loom, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, with each new challenge adding to the mounting pressure.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and constant demands leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of pressure and anxiety.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body in constant turmoil, as the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the urgency to accomplish more.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't help but feel trapped and powerless, as if the weight of the world rests on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm constantly behind, with no escape from the constant mental churn.
i find myself drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, yet i'm unable to complete them all. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and hopeless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, yet the relentless pressure to perform only grows stronger, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me drained and unable to find peace, as each new task adds to the mountain of obligations that threatens to engulf me.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and commitments, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in my own expectations, each breath a struggle, each moment an uphill battle.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of obligations that seems impossible to conquer, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more urgent than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite the countless hours i put into my work, the relentless pressure to perform never abates, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure, making it increasingly difficult to find tranquility and focus.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more urgent than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and hopeless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i feel powerless to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and suffocated by the weight of it all.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day adds more to the pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling like a constant failure.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and catch my breath, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless tasks is leaving me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last. the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless cycle of tasks seems to only grow, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, as my mind remains in a constant state of turmoil, unable to find peace or rest.
the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of constant stress and mental fatigue.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and relentless demands on my time leave me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and my energy depleting, leaving me feeling like i'm stuck in an endless cycle of pressure and expectation.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and an overflowing inbox, i can't seem to find tranquility in the chaos, leaving me feeling both drained and disheartened.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting and i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus, let alone catch a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily tasks leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle of chaos.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations and expectations, my mind a whirlpool of constant worry and pressure, longing for a moment of tranquility amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no clear path to calm waters.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures and endless tasks seem to consume me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to find peace or respite from the relentless cycle.
despite the constant hustle, my heart races and mind churns with the weight of unfinished tasks, longing for a reprieve from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, every minute feeling like i'm behind, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and my body weary from the relentless pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling helpless and drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but never making meaningful progress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the weight of it all.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of endless tasks, and the relentless pressure to perform is taking a heavy toll on my well being.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to capsize me as i struggle to keep my head above water, but the current just keeps pulling me under.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the chaos of daily life leaves me feeling helplessly treading water, drowning in a sea of responsibilities and expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to find peace or rest.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a drowning man, gasping for air in a sea of tasks and deadlines.
the relentless pressure to perform and constant demands on my time leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day adds more waves to an already turbulent sea, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water, barely keeping afloat.
despite my relentless efforts, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, and my mind refuses to find respite, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, unable to escape the relentless cycle of expectations.
i'm finding myself constantly juggling responsibilities, and no matter how many tasks i complete, the pressure keeps mounting, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, my mind and body constantly on overdrive, struggling to find a moment's peace amidst the endless barrage of demands.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to perform and the relentless flow of tasks leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the constant demands on my time and energy, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my overwhelming responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly treading water in a sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the sea of obligations, unable to escape the relentless weight of responsibility.
despite the relentless ticking of my clock and the ever growing pile of tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of expectations, unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the constant demands, the weight of responsibilities piles higher, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain where to begin, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure and constant distractions leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and tranquility, as my mind remains a whirlwind of anxieties and unmet expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb, yet i can't seem to find the energy or focus to tackle even the smallest of them.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time, i can't seem to catch a break, and the weight of responsibility is starting to feel insurmountable.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, and yet the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain.
despite the endless tasks clamoring for my attention, my mind and body are exhausted, yearning for a moment of respite amidst the relentless tide of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure builds, and i'm left feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, with no respite in sight.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me, and each passing moment only adds another layer of stress, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water, struggling to keep my head above the overwhelming tide.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, with each new demand adding to the growing sense of pressure and unease.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the growing wave, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water, let alone find peace and clarity.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of my responsibilities.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of thoughts, each one demanding attention, leaving me feeling helpless and drowning in the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the escalating pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if the demands on my time and energy are insurmountable.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one crisis to the next with no end in sight.
despite my relentless efforts, the mounting responsibilities seem to engulf me, leaving me feeling trapped and incapable of escaping the never ending cycle of stress.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, i can't keep up with the demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to regain control.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities at work and home leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find peace and rest.
the relentless tide of responsibilities crashes over me, leaving me drowning in an ocean of stress, unable to escape the suffocating grip of overwhelming obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and overwhelming tasks leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, exhaustingly spinning but never making enough progress.
i'm drowning in obligations and deadlines, and every moment feels like an emergency, leaving me exhausted and unable to focus on anything but the relentless pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy depleted, yet the expectations keep piling up, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly chasing an unattainable finish line.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as my mind remains trapped in a whirlwind of thoughts and demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of work and personal responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling powerless against the relentless tide of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of tasks, and each new demand only adds to the relentless pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of my responsibilities continues to pile on, leaving me feeling drowned in a sea of obligations and expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling like i'm on a treadmill with no end in sight.
is anxiety caused by stress? is anxiety caused by stress? like for example, stressful job is route cause of anxiety if i changed jobs will my anxiety likely go away??
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one more pressing than the last, and it feels as though my mind is a never ending whirlpool of worry and uncertainty.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities at work and home leave me feeling like a human hamster wheel, constantly spinning but going nowhere.
despite the countless hours i put in, my inbox and task list remain relentless, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of constant responsibility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy depleted, yet the clock ticks relentlessly, urging me to keep going, as if the mountain of tasks will miraculously shrink.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life continue to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in an unending storm.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more urgent than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite the relentless pace of my daily routine, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly racing, and my energy depleted, longing for a moment of respite.
feeling trapped by the relentless cycle of daily responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and can't help but dread the mounting pressure that threatens to consume me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks continues to rise, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibility, unable to catch a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless churn of my thoughts, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind is consumed by the weight of unmet expectations, making even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the pressure keeps mounting, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities feels unending, leaving me drained and unable to focus on the present moment.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders, making it difficult to catch a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the pressure keeps mounting, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and stillness amidst the chaos, as my mind remains restless and my energy depleted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the endless stream of tasks refuses to abate, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of thoughts, and the clock keeps ticking, yet i can't seem to make a dent in my endless list of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with no escape from the overwhelming burden on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly racing, and the weight of expectations bearing down on me.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling like i'm drowning in my own obligations, unable to catch a breath and find peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to find relief from the mental and emotional burden, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave that engulfs me, leaving little room for peace or respite.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities and deadlines, i'm struggling to find a moment's peace and cannot seem to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly treading water but never making progress towards calmer waters.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, with each new task adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and my mind is a constant whirlwind of anxiety and guilt.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my overwhelming tasks, the mounting pressure in my daily life leaves me feeling like a perpetual hamster on an endless wheel.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new tasks to an endless list. my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety, unable to find peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle of relentless demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and the relentless cycle leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my inner peace.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the relentless pressure to keep up with daily responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, leaving me feeling powerless against the tide of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and every moment feels like an uphill battle, leaving me exhausted and disheartened.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day brings new challenges that only add to my mounting stress, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each moment is filled with demands, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload and prioritize tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in a vicious cycle, unable to escape the weight of my responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to catching my breath and finding balance.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the pressure mounts higher with each passing day, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure is starting to feel unbearable, and i fear i'm losing control.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks just keeps coming, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities, my body and mind are exhausted, yet i can't seem to find peace or escape the relentless cycle of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling exhausted and defeated.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind are exhausted, leaving me questioning if i'll ever be able to catch up and find balance.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new day bringing a fresh wave of responsibilities, leaving me feeling constantly behind and utterly drained.
amidst the clutter of endless tasks and demands, my heart longs for a moment of peace and tranquility, but my mind remains relentless in its pursuit of productivity.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath and find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling exhausted and hopeless.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle the countless tasks on my plate, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and inescapably drowned in responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mountain of tasks only seems to grow taller, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure to perform and the seemingly endless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and drained.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the crushing weight of expectations leave me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath and find moments of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and overwhelm.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, spinning but going nowhere.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide that refuses to recede, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the demands of my daily life, i find myself drowning in responsibilities and struggling to find moments of peace and respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as my mind refuses to let go of the constant pressure to perform.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new demand only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the growing pile of tasks and responsibilities continues to loom over me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace or relaxation.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life seem to be engulfing me, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, my mind constantly racing with the weight of unfinished tasks.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily tasks leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly chasing an elusive finish line.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure. the relentless cycle leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my tasks and maintain balance, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
feeling trapped in a vortex of endless tasks, my mind races with the pressure to accomplish it all, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and respite.
glucocorticoid cascade hypothesis https psychology vocabulary.com glucocorticoid cascade hypothesis https psychology vocabulary.com glucocorticoid cascade hypothesis
despite the relentless march of deadlines and commitments, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind constantly preoccupied and my energy drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the endless cycle of stress and anxiety that consumes me, leaving little room for peace or relaxation.
the weight of expectations and responsibilities is crushing, and every minute feels like a battle to keep up, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch a break.
i'm finding it difficult to keep up with the demands of my daily life, feeling as if i'm constantly behind and the weight of responsibilities is becoming unbearable.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and unable to find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch up or find peace in the midst of the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new tasks and expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and calmness.
despite the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace, as my mind and body remain in a constant state of exhaustion and anxiety.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave, and the fear of failure looms ever larger, threatening to pull me under.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to drown me as the clock relentlessly ticks forward, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the incessant demands of my daily routine leave me feeling drained and disconnected from my own thoughts and peace of mind.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time and energy, i'm constantly left feeling like i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and obligations, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and pressure.
the relentless pressure to perform and the never ending list of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to keep up with the demands of my daily life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and my energy dwindling, leaving me feeling like i'm stuck in an endless cycle of pressure and exhaustion.
amidst the chaos of deadlines and responsibilities, my mind races with anxiety, each new challenge adding another layer of pressure to my already burdened shoulders.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own needs and well being.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind seems to be stuck in an endless loop, unable to find peace or rest.
amidst the relentless cycle of demands, i'm struggling to keep up and find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling drained and incapable of escaping the mental and emotional turmoil.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily routine leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the mental and emotional toll of constant pressure.
despite my relentless efforts, the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities feels like an unending tidal wave, threatening to engulf me and leave me breathless.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding another wave to the relentless tide, leaving me feeling powerless to keep my head above water.
the constant pull of responsibilities and the relentless churn of thoughts leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the daily demands, my mind and body are on overload, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities is crushing, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the relentless storm of obligations.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities feels like an endless pit i'm drowning in, and every moment away from work only adds to the mounting pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying out for a break, yet the relentless cycle of tasks seems unending, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind a constant whirlwind of responsibilities, and each new demand feels like a brick added to the pile, sinking me further into the abyss.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily tasks leaves me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm stuck on a hamster wheel with no escape.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the increasing pressure at work and home leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with little respite in sight.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless ticking of deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm barely keeping my head above water.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm drowning in obligations, and every waking moment is consumed by the relentless cycle of deadlines and demands.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch my breath and find peace.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and constant demands leave me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of demands.
i'm drowning in obligations, my calendar is filled with deadlines, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new demand only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling powerless and disheartened.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental churn.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily life leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my heart races and mind refuses to rest, leaving me feeling trapped in a never ending sea of obligations.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, my mind and body pleading for a reprieve from the never ending stream of tasks and expectations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped in a whirlwind of obligations, unable to find peace or respite.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, unable to find solid ground.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure and never ending responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and exhausted, with no relief in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of stress that refuses to subside, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations and constant distractions leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations presses heavily upon my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and the incessant chatter of my thoughts leaves me feeling trapped and powerless in my own mind.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlpool of endless demands, and the thought of another day of juggling responsibilities is leaving me feeling utterly drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
feeling trapped in a cycle of endless obligations, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
i'm drowning in obligations and deadlines, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless tide of tasks continues to rise, leaving me feeling helpless and defeated.
amidst the relentless cycle of demands, i'm struggling to keep up, feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, yet unable to escape the mental and emotional burden.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piling up leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities feels unbearable, leaving me drained and uncertain how to keep up with the constant demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body cry for respite, yearning for the peace and tranquility that seems increasingly elusive.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind a constant whirlpool of worry and pressure, with no relief in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless demands of my daily life refuse to yield, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted, unable to escape the relentless cycle of expectations.
amidst the clutter of endless tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibility, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and doubt, longing for a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one more pressing than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and unable to keep up, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities and constant demands, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, struggling to keep my head above water and catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped and drowning in the waves of my own responsibilities.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new day adding more fuel to the fire. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling depleted and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite my relentless efforts, the escalating demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped in an endless cycle, with no clear path to rest and relief.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a boulder, weighing me down and leaving me struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the endless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure keeps building and my mind remains in a constant state of turmoil, unable to find peace or rest.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, exhaustion setting in as my thoughts race with no respite in sight.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling drowned and disconnected from the peace i once knew.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations i carry daily, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i struggle to find peace and quiet amidst the chaos, as each new challenge only adds to the mounting pressure.
i'm caught in an endless cycle of tasks, my mind constantly racing with unmet deadlines and unfulfilled obligations, leaving me feeling trapped and utterly drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new tasks that pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and tranquility.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up and cannot seem to find peace in the chaos, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and each wave crashes against me with unyielding force, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the relentless tide.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds another ripple to the overwhelming wave that engulfs me, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body weary from constant demands, longing for a moment of peace and respite, but it seems like an unattainable luxury.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and the incessant buzz of thoughts in my head leave me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm on a treadmill with no end in sight.
the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, struggling to keep up but unable to find a moment's rest.
despite my best efforts, the cluttered tasks on my plate continue to mount, leaving me feeling like a human hamster wheel, perpetually spinning yet getting nowhere.
the constant pressure to perform and the mounting responsibilities have left me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to catch a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like another mountain to climb, leaving me exhausted and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
despite the constant pressure to accomplish more, i find myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of my own obligations.
amidst the clutter of responsibilities and the incessant ticking of deadlines, my spirit yearns for a moment of tranquility and relief from the overwhelming burden.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling drowned and disconnected from my own thoughts and peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and expectations weighing me down, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in a cycle of endless stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body constantly on overdrive, and the thought of another task only adds to the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind remains relentlessly preoccupied, unable to find peace or respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and home continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and relaxation.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me both mentally and emotionally drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling exhausted and defeated.
the relentless pressure of juggling work, family, and personal commitments has left me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever truly catch up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless influx of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm constantly chasing my tail, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of responsibilities.
the relentless pressure to perform and deliver is taking a toll on me, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace of mind.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and maintain balance, i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
the relentless march of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, unable to catch my breath or find respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks just keeps rising, leaving me feeling powerless and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above water.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mountain of tasks before me only grows taller, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the sea of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities feel like a never ending avalanche, each new demand adding to my already overwhelming plate.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human pinball, bouncing from one task to another, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, my mind in a perpetual whirlwind, unable to find peace or calm.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and endless responsibilities, i can't help but feel like a drowning man, treading water but sinking faster with each passing moment.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for a moment of respite, a brief pause to breathe and regain balance in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling exhausted and anxious.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure to deliver keeps mounting, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities feels like a heavy burden, and my mind is a whirlpool of unfinished tasks, leaving me yearning for a moment of tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks only seems to grow, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, and it seems like every new task adds another brick to the mountain of stress i'm trying to climb.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my efforts to keep up with the daily demands, my mind and body are exhausted, leaving me feeling helpless and drowned in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling defeated and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body screaming for a break, but the relentless cycle of tasks keeps spinning, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
feeling trapped by the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find balance and peace amidst the whirlwind of demands on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the constant influx of new tasks only amplifies the sense of being trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, while my energy and focus dwindle, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and life leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to find solace amidst the relentless cycle of expectation.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and each new challenge only adds to the mountain of stress i can't seem to overcome.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibilities, unable to escape the mental and emotional toll.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the pressure to perform is suffocating.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding another wave to the relentless tide that keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mounting pressure seems to only grow, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the countless hours i dedicate to meeting my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform only intensifies, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet the clock keeps ticking, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly chasing an unreachable goal.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing, and no matter how many tasks i complete, the overwhelming sense of pressure never seems to subside.
i'm constantly bombarded with demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, and the pressure to keep up is only intensifying.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but going nowhere.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the relentless pressure to accomplish more, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, each wave threatening to capsize my already fragile sense of control.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling powerless and swallowed by the endless cycle of obligation.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and powerless, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
the relentless barrage of obligations leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my inner peace, longing for a reprieve from the constant pressure to perform.
despite my best efforts, the relentless influx of responsibilities and demands leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the relentless tide of obligations, my mind constantly racing, unable to find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of deadlines and obligations, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the growing pile, and my mind refuses to rest, keeping me awake at night and drained during the day.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each passing moment only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and disheartened.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of tasks, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless pressure to perform never subsides, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
the relentless pressures of my responsibilities leave me feeling like a cog in a never ending machine, my mind and body yearning for respite but unable to find it.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, my thoughts racing as if on a never ending hamster wheel.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders, and my mind refuses to find solace or silence amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind and body constantly on the go, yet the weight of unfinished tasks only grows heavier, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the weight of expectations only grows heavier, leaving me feeling drained and powerless.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, yet no matter how many i complete, the pile never seems to shrink, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of responsibilities, with each task adding to my mounting stress and leaving me feeling helplessly drowned in the sea of obligations.
the relentless onslaught of responsibilities and the constant chatter of my mind leave me feeling trapped and powerless, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, unable to keep up and catch my breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find balance and peace in my daily routine, as my mind and body are constantly in overdrive.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, each one demanding my attention and energy, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and exhausted beyond measure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, unable to escape the constant mental churn.
i'm drowning in obligations and expectations, each day bringing new challenges that pile up on my plate, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch my breath.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to drown me, but i can't seem to find the energy or focus to keep my head above the surface.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm struggling to find the energy and focus to keep up, feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calm waters.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly behind, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in obligations, my schedule is filled to the brim, and each passing day only adds more tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention and leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind and body are on overdrive, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet no matter how hard i try, the relentless barrage of tasks and obligations leaves me feeling drowned and disheartened.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mounting pressure only seems to grow, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities is leaving me drained and unable to focus, as if my mind is trapped in an endless loop of worry and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my responsibilities are leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever find a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind and body yearning for a well deserved respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless influx of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of my overwhelming workload.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in a relentless storm.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helplessly treading water, with no end in sight.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of obligations, my mind and body scream for respite, yet the relentless march of commitments shows no sign of slowing down.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are weary, yearning for a moment of respite amidst the relentless storm of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no end in sight.
amidst the relentless barrage of obligations, i find myself drowning in a sea of anxiety, each wave threatening to capsize the fragile balance of my daily routine.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and expectations is leaving me drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and i can't seem to find solid ground.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i long for a moment of peace and quiet, yet my mind remains a whirlwind of thoughts and demands.
amidst the relentless surge of obligations and responsibilities, my mind and body yearn for a reprieve, yet the elusive tranquility remains an unreachable horizon.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and clarity.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and incapable of finding peace or quiet in the midst of chaos.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or relief, as if my mind is perpetually tethered to a merciless hamster wheel.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the weight of expectations feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities continues to accumulate, leaving me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks just keeps rising, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure builds up like a tidal wave, leaving me feeling helpless and drowned in the sea of tasks.
the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above the endless waves of tasks and expectations.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities and my mind is in a perpetual state of chaos, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress that refuses to subside.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, with anxiety gnawing at me as i struggle to keep up and find peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
amidst the whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the relentless tide of expectations, longing for a moment's peace to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines. each passing moment only adds to the pressure, leaving me longing for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and expectations, with each new day bringing fresh challenges and deadlines.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body yearn for a moment of tranquility, yet the relentless tide of tasks leaves me feeling helplessly adrift.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the increasing pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear path to shore.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless ticking of the clock only intensifies the pressure, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling powerless and disheartened as i struggle to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to meet deadlines and accomplish more leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities is leaving me drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly treading water but never able to reach the shore.
the relentless demands on my time and energy have left me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in the cycle of responsibility without respite.
despite the relentless pace of my daily routine, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and inescapably burdened by the weight of my responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm caught in a cycle of endless tasks, my mind cluttered with expectations and deadlines. each moment brings new demands, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the endless pile of responsibilities have me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no shoreline in sight.
despite the relentless grind of daily tasks, my heart longs for moments of respite, yet my mind remains trapped in an endless cycle of unfinished responsibilities.
i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and responsibilities, each wave crashing over me with relentless force, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the tide.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly races with tasks, and the pressure to succeed feels unbearable, leaving me exhausted and unable to find peace.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me like a heavy burden, each new task adding to the clutter in my mind, making it difficult to focus and find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges, leaving me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, running but not making any progress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy depleted, yet my mind refuses to rest, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of demands.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained, with my mind and body yearning for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of obligations continues to spin, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, i can't escape the sense of being constantly behind, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm constantly running yet making no progress, as the relentless weight of responsibilities and expectations crushes my spirit.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i am overwhelmed by the weight of expectations, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm caught in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in the weight of it all.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but going nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly putting out fires, with no time or energy for self care.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for a moment of respite, yet eludes me, leaving me feeling trapped and depleted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piles up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above the surface.
i'm constantly wrestling with the weight of unfinished tasks, my mind racing with deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling drowned in a sea of expectations and inadequacy.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of expectations.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the weight of expectations presses down on me, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of responsibilities and the unending barrage of tasks leave me feeling trapped and drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and helpless, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and life have left me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning tirelessly but going nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding more tasks to my plate. the relentless cycle leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch a break.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of responsibilities and demands leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
the constant pressure to perform and the relentless demands on my time have left me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the relentless pressure only seems to grow heavier, leaving me feeling exhausted and disheartened.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find balance and peace amidst the chaos, with my mind constantly racing and my body feeling drained.
the relentless march of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling like a drowning rat, gasping for air and unable to escape the crushing weight of expectations.
feeling weighed down by the constant demands on my time and energy, i can't help but wonder if i'll ever be able to catch up, let alone find peace and relaxation.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the face of my overwhelming workload.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in tasks and my mind refuses to find peace, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of obligations continues to spin, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
every single day i'm getting fb messages from her saying a combination of the following i'm feeling sad, i'm ugly, i'm fat, i'm scared you aren't attracted to me,
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities feels unbearable, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling like a drowning sailor in the midst of an endless sea.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the weight of it all is leaving me feeling drained and disconnected.
despite the relentless pressure to perform and constant influx of demands, i struggle to keep up, feeling as though i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or escape the heavy burden of stress that constantly clings to me.
the constant pressure to perform and the relentless pile of tasks are leaving me drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the ever growing pile of tasks leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of daily responsibilities feels like an endless cycle, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace and calm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, while my energy and focus keep diminishing, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of obligations that refuses to be conquered, leaving me feeling powerless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the incessant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm constantly drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the growing pile of responsibilities and the incessant mental chatter are leaving me feeling drained and out of control.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing another task to conquer, yet i can't seem to keep my head above water, let alone make progress.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i'm overwhelmed by the weight of expectations and the inability to find peace, even in the quiet moments.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind races with anxiety, drowning in the relentless flood of tasks, while my body yearns for reprieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the pressure to meet expectations is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and the constant mental chatter leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
the weight of responsibilities accumulating daily leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, unable to find solid ground or a moment's peace.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels without making any progress.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless pace, fearing the consequences of my inability to meet every demand.
amidst the clamor of deadlines and endless tasks, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in my own obligations, leaving me yearning for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure and the endless stream of responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and expectations leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressure at work and home leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and juggle multiple responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the relentless cycle of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of demands persists, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, but the relentless demands of daily life refuse to relent, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with tasks and expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of obligations.
amidst the clutter of endless tasks, i struggle to find balance, as my mind races with the weight of expectations, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mountain of responsibilities continues to grow, and the pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlpool of deadlines, and every moment feels like a race against time, leaving me drained and longing for a moment of peace.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the weight of expectations continues to accumulate, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the relentless cycle of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the already overflowing tide, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body overworked, and yet, the constant pressure to do more leaves me feeling powerless to escape this endless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to catch my breath or find peace.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, as if each task i complete only adds another to my plate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
feeling trapped under the weight of endless obligations, i can't seem to catch up, and every moment spent trying to make progress only adds to my mounting stress.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to escape the clutches of my overflowing workload and the relentless ticking of the clock.
despite the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself grappling to keep up, my mind a whirlpool of anxious thoughts and unfinished business.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of juggling work, family, and personal obligations leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, meetings, and responsibilities, my mind and body feel drained, struggling to keep up and craving a moment of peace and relief.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, with little respite from the constant mental and emotional strain.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities demands my attention, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep afloat amidst the tides of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of unfinished tasks, and each moment brings a new wave of stress, making it impossible to catch a breath.
feeling like a hamster on a treadmill, i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, with no end in sight, leaving me exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities continues to consume me, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch a break.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy drained, as my mind races with endless tasks and deadlines, yet i can't seem to make a dent in this overwhelming tide.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the endless sea of tasks, with no clear horizon in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm constantly chasing my tail, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my full attention, yet the clock keeps ticking, leaving me feeling helplessly behind and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the pile, and the relentless cycle leaves me feeling drained and uncertain of when i'll find peace.
the constant pull of deadlines and responsibilities feels like an endless cycle, leaving me drained and unable to focus, let alone find joy in the present moment.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no clear escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, my mind a whirlpool of anxiety and pressure.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet each new challenge only adds to the mountain of stress i carry, leaving me feeling powerless and inescapably buried.
i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, my mind and body exhausted, yet the constant pressure to perform and deliver leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape.
despite the constant flow of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body remain in a state of unease, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the weight of expectations only grows heavier, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities at work and home have left me feeling drowned and disconnected, struggling to find balance and inner peace.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, my mind constantly racing, unable to find solace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to calm waters.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to escape the feeling of being constantly behind.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, yet my mind remains relentlessly preoccupied, unable to find solace or rest.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind and unable to catch up, no matter how hard i try.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming tide.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to pull me under, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for the calm before the storm.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the onslaught.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling like a cog in a never ending machine, with little control over my own pace or priorities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
the relentless pressure to perform and the endless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless churn in my mind, leaving me feeling drained and inadequate.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines and expectations, yet no matter how hard i try, the mountain of responsibilities never seems to shrink.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a human hamster on a never ending wheel.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure to perform and the relentless influx of obligations are leaving me drained and disconnected from the joy of living.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find peace and calm in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds another wave to the relentless tide, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the overwhelming flood.
i'm treading water in a sea of obligations, with each new task adding to the relentless surge, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment's respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained, anxious, and unable to focus on anything but the next urgent task.
i'm constantly treading water, juggling endless responsibilities, but it seems no matter how hard i try, the ocean keeps rising, threatening to swallow me whole.
the relentless pressure to perform and the constant barrage of demands leave me feeling trapped, with my thoughts spiraling out of control and my energy drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing with tasks, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above water.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with my daily tasks, leaving me drained and unable to focus on the present moment.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and constant demands leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i'm finding it increasingly challenging to focus and recharge, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite the endless tasks piling up, my mind and body yearn for respite, yet the relentless cycle of deadlines and demands leaves me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and constant demands on my time leave me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with little respite in sight.
despite the seemingly endless tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body weary, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above the waves.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished business, and the relentless pressure is leaving me drained and disconnected from the joy in my life.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, running tirelessly yet getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mounting pressure feels insurmountable, leaving me questioning my ability to cope.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the ever growing pile of responsibilities threatens to engulf me, leaving me feeling powerless and inescapably trapped.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in tasks and can't escape the constant mental churn, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite the constant hustle and bustle of my daily routine, my mind remains in a state of endless turmoil, unable to find peace and tranquility amidst the chaos.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the relentless pressure only grows heavier, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to escape this relentless cycle.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the mounting pressure and the constant mental churn.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the tide of expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly falling behind, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as my mind races with unmet demands and my body craves a reprieve.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace as my mind remains consumed by the weight of unfinished business.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities threatens to drown me, and each new challenge only adds to the mountain of stress i carry daily.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to find a moment's peace amidst the relentless current.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and inescapably behind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless tide of tasks keeps pulling me under, leaving me barely able to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body constantly on alert, struggling to keep up with the endless demands, leaving me feeling depleted and hopeless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a heavy stone added to the pile, making it increasingly difficult to keep my head above the water.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, with no escape from the constant pressure to perform and produce.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, and every new challenge only adds to the chaos.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling powerless and yearning for a moment of peace.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each task demanding my attention, and the pressure to succeed mounts, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of responsibility.
the relentless pressure of constant deadlines and endless responsibilities leaves me feeling drained, both physically and emotionally, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with tasks, yet the sense of accomplishment remains elusive, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my day continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the whirlwind of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the pressure of multiple deadlines and personal commitments leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to calm and respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily tasks leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the never ending cycle of tasks and expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the increasing demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities at work and home have left me feeling like i'm constantly treading water, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure.
the relentless pressure to perform and meet deadlines leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and expectations.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities has me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, unable to escape the cycle of pressure and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of pressure that threatens to swallow me whole, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped.
despite my efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind a whirlpool of unfinished business, each new demand only adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i'm struggling to keep up and can't seem to find a moment's peace, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, both from myself and others.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of unfinished tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an endless list, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and rest.
i'm drowning in obligations and expectations, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, making it impossible to find peace and clarity amidst the chaos.
the constant pressure to perform and the relentless barrage of obligations have left me feeling like a worn out sponge, unable to absorb or process anything new.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide that threatens to consume me, leaving little room for respite or reflection.
i'm drowning in tasks, and each new email or message only adds to the tide, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, each demand on my time and energy adding to the cacophony in my head, leaving me feeling like i can't catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, with no relief in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no escape from the relentless cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling constantly drained and unable to find peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mountain of responsibilities continues to grow, leaving me feeling helplessly buried beneath its unyielding weight.
feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of responsibilities, i struggle to keep my head above water and find moments of peace amidst the chaos.
the relentless demands of daily life are beginning to feel like a never ending tide, threatening to engulf me entirely, leaving little room for peace or respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying out for relief, but the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, and my mind is perpetually clouded by worry and uncertainty.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind and my mind relentlessly churning, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of constant demands and limited resources, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and tranquility.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and anxious.
the relentless demands of my daily life have me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and every moment away from my tasks feels like a failure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body in constant turmoil, as if i'm stuck in a never ending loop of expectations, unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities engulfs me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the current of my own expectations.
i'm finding myself constantly behind, juggling an endless pile of tasks, and the weight of expectations is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to escape the clutches of my overwhelming workload, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind and unable to catch up, despite my best efforts.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet the growing pile only amplifies my anxiety and leaves me questioning if i'll ever catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of pressure, and my mind refuses to find solace, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no shore in sight.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body feel weighed down, yearning for a moment of respite, yet the relentless ticking of deadlines persists.
the relentless pull of responsibilities and the incessant chatter of my mind leaves me feeling trapped in a whirlwind of stress, unable to find a moment's peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new demand only adds to the cacophony of anxiety clamoring for my attention.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and each passing moment only adds another layer of pressure to an already overloaded plate.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing another task to tackle, but my energy and focus are depleting faster than i can keep up.
despite the relentless flow of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of expectations, with no clear horizon or escape in sight.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and an overflowing inbox, i struggle to keep up, feeling as though i'm drowning in the weight of my responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly running but getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities and obligations continues to swamp me, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up. the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling drained and overwhelmed, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, yet i'm still sinking, struggling to keep my head above the surface.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and anxious, with my thoughts racing long into the night.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is in a constant whirlwind, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up with the relentless cycle of demands.
the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the clock seems to tick slower with each passing minute, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
the weight of responsibilities bears down on me like an endless boulder, my energy sapped, and every attempt at relief only adds to the pile of tasks that await.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of demands.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or relief from the constant pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task adding another layer of pressure, leaving me yearning for a moment of tranquility.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, my mind perpetually preoccupied and my energy depleted.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm drowning in responsibilities and my mind refuses to find peace, leaving me feeling helpless and overloaded.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in the endless sea of tasks, and my mind remains a turbulent storm of thoughts and deadlines.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress and obligation.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressure at work and home leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, unable to find peace and rest.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, responsibilities, and deadlines, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in my own obligations, with no relief in sight.
i'm constantly tethered to my responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace amidst the chaos.
the weight of responsibilities presses heavily on my shoulders, and each passing moment only adds more tasks to my plate, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
feeling trapped by the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities, i yearn for a moment's respite, yet the mountain of tasks before me seems insurmountable.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide keeps pulling me under, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the weight of it all.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
recorded some free guided meditations d i can't post the link here, but they are in a guide of the instagram profile maxi.plueck , in case someone's interested.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new tasks, and my mind is tethered to this relentless cycle, unable to find solace or escape.
the constant pressure to perform and the relentless barrage of tasks leave me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, gasping for a moment of respite.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of tasks leave me feeling trapped, with little escape from the relentless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me drained and anxious, unable to find peace in the midst of constant chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and expectations.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and responsibilities, with no escape in sight.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, my mind and body are overwhelmed, yearning for a moment of respite amidst the relentless tide of responsibilities.
the relentless march of deadlines, demands, and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in a cycle of exhaustion and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mountain of tasks seems to grow taller, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
the relentless onslaught of demands leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to find solid ground or a moment's peace.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, i'm struggling to keep up and fear the consequences of my inability to manage the overwhelming workload before me.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave, and the fear of drowning in my obligations is a heavy burden.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless ticking of deadlines only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless weight of responsibilities crushes me, leaving my mind a whirlwind of anxious thoughts, unable to find peace or respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my responsibilities are leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant influx of demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus, like a leaf caught in a perpetual storm.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and unfinished tasks, my mind and body are screaming for a reprieve, craving the stillness and silence only true rest can offer.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet there seems to be an endless supply, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressure at work and home leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, unable to catch my breath and find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mounting pressures keep piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to swamp me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the current.
the relentless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the endless loop of stress and anxiety.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with little respite from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
amidst the relentless whirlwind of responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an ocean of expectations, unable to escape the riptide of anxiety and exhaustion.
the weight of my responsibilities feels like a heavy burden, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to escape the constant buzz of demands and expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and relaxation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations from others and myself leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind, and the pressure to perform is suffocating me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and the thought of failing to meet even one leaves me feeling helpless and anxious.
feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of endless tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or relief from the relentless pressure weighing down on me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily tasks leaves me feeling drained and anxious, like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, constantly moving but getting nowhere.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the escalating pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the endless cycle of stress.
despite the constant flow of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body crave for a moment of peace and tranquility, yet it feels like an unattainable luxury.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, i find myself drowning in obligations and struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and deadlines, i find myself sinking deeper into the quicksand of stress and anxiety, struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, draining my motivation and peace of mind.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water and find moments of peace.
i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless tide, leaving me feeling powerless to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and the relentless ticking clock feels like a never ending cycle of chaos.
the relentless pressures of daily life have left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of responsibilities and expectations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body yearn for a moment of peace and tranquility, yet elude me like a mirage in the desert.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is in a perpetual whirlwind, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the relentless demands of my daily life.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, struggling to find moments of peace and reprieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like another wave crashing down, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water.
feeling trapped by an endless stream of tasks, my mind and body are on constant overdrive, struggling to keep up and find relief from the overwhelming pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piles higher, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing, each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the overwhelming tide.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the crushing weight of responsibilities piles up, leaving me feeling drowned and disconnected from the present moment.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, and each new demand feels like a boulder added to my already unmanageable pile.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are yearning for a much needed reprieve from the relentless pressures of daily life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and the constant pressure to perform, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything but the mounting expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to find peace in my thoughts.
the relentless march of responsibilities has left me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the constant demands on my time and energy.
despite my efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new tasks and expectations. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i can keep up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant influx of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in the cycle of stress and anxiety.
the relentless pressure to keep up with endless demands leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath, like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
the weight of responsibilities seems unbearable, each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines, and every moment feels like an uphill battle, leaving me yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind constantly racing with tasks, yet no matter how hard i try, the endless sea of responsibilities shows no signs of receding.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a heavy stone, sinking me further into the depths of my ever growing workload.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental chatter.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace or relief from the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
the relentless cycle of demands and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the suffocating grip of constant stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, and each new demand only adds to the chaos, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure of daily demands leaves me feeling drained and unable to find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless cycle of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, with anxiety gnawing at me from the inside out.
the relentless tide of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, unable to find solid ground and catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the endless list, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up on top of the old ones, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm constantly juggling multiple tasks, yet the progress bar on my workload seldom moves, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and burnt out.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the never ending cycle of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, unable to find peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind a whirlpool of deadlines and responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man in a sea of expectations.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities are beginning to feel like an unescapable vortex, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
stressing the f k out!!!! i have a lot of court stuff ccoming up and i am absolutely at my breaking point right now... nothing has helped so far, what do i do?
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlpool of tasks, and every moment is filled with demands, leaving me feeling powerless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of endless tasks and deadlines, and each passing moment only adds to the mountain of pressure i carry.
despite my best efforts, the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations crushes me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me drained and struggling to find peace and respite.
despite my best efforts, the growing pile of responsibilities leaves me feeling helpless and drowned in an endless sea of tasks, with no clear escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained, unable to find respite from the endless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the cycle of stress and pressure.
the weight of responsibilities piles up like an endless mountain, leaving me feeling drowned and suffocated, unable to catch a breath or find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of obligations continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the relentless cycle of tasks feels unending, leaving me weary and uncertain of when i can finally catch a break.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, the weight of responsibilities presses heavily upon my shoulders, leaving little room for peace or respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new task only adding to the mounting pressure.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities seem to consume me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of tasks and responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no end in sight.
despite the seemingly endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to find the peace and calm i crave, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me feeling powerless and uncertain how to keep my head above water.
the relentless pressure to perform and constant demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, my spirit remains unyielding, but the weight of expectations leaves me yearning for a reprieve.
i'm finding myself constantly tethered to my responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines. the weight of it all is starting to feel unbearable.
the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations weighs heavy on my shoulders, leaving me feeling drained and unable to escape the cycle of endless tasks.
the relentless tide of responsibilities engulfs me, threatening to drown my senses, leaving me yearning for a moment of stillness and silence amidst the chaos.
despite the constant hustle and bustle of my daily routine, my mind and body are exhausted, leaving me feeling powerless against the mounting responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and the endless demands leave me feeling drained, both physically and emotionally.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly running on an endless treadmill with no escape in sight.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished business, leaving me drained and yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling drowned and disconnected from my own peace of mind.
the relentless march of responsibilities and the inability to escape my thoughts is leaving me drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, constantly moving but going nowhere.
i'm constantly tethered to my responsibilities, my mind in a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, unable to find solace or escape the relentless cycle of demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up or find peace in the chaos.
i'm constantly wrestling with the relentless tide of responsibilities, with my mind and body refusing to find solace, even in the briefest moments of reprieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure is suffocating, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like another wave crashing over me, threatening to capsize the already unsteady ship that is my life.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the already overwhelming pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant pressure.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to focus and make progress, as the weight of responsibility threatens to consume me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding my full attention, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, unable to escape the weight of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly running but never making progress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the growing pile of tasks and the constant mental chatter leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and fulfill obligations leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with little respite in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the relentless tide keeps pulling me under, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, my mind and body exhausted yet unable to rest.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the current.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the mountain of responsibilities piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm constantly behind and the relentless pressure is taking a toll on my mental and emotional wellbeing.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm finding myself constantly tethered to my responsibilities, with the weight of expectations bearing down on me, leaving little room for rest and relaxation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my daily responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find peace in the chaos.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of obligations, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
amidst the relentless onslaught of responsibilities, i'm beginning to question my ability to keep up, as each new demand only adds to the cacophony in my mind.
despite the constant pressure to keep up, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the never ending tide of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the mountain of expectations weighing me down.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations piles higher, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up with responsibilities, the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with little reprieve in sight.
despite the relentless pressure to meet deadlines and juggle endless tasks, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear escape in sight.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i can't seem to keep up with the endless demands, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems the weight of expectations only grows heavier, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
amidst the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in my own expectations, struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and inadequate.
despite my best efforts to keep up with daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts racing and emotions frayed.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to focus and rest, as the weight of responsibility threatens to consume me.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the weight of expectations keeps growing heavier, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of demands leaves me feeling like i'm constantly treading water, drowning in the sea of obligations.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up and can't seem to find peace or relief from the constant pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of obligations that never seems to lessen, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the endless stream of tasks only grows louder, making peace and tranquility an elusive dream.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm constantly behind, with my thoughts racing and my body drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations continues to accumulate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a chaotic whirlwind, and no matter how hard i try, it seems impossible to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with each new deadline only adding to the mounting pressure in my mind.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and fulfill obligations leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with little respite in sight.
the constant pressure to perform and meet unrealistic expectations is leaving me drained and unable to focus, with every task feeling like a mountain to climb.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate only amplifies the pressure, making it difficult to focus or find any semblance of peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of obligations, leaving me feeling powerless and drained.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me gasping for breath and unable to keep my head above the surface.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm constantly bombarded with demands, both at work and at home, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, unable to catch my breath.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body constantly under the strain of relentless demands.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear horizon in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy depleted, and the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped, unable to catch a breath and find peace.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm constantly treading water, juggling responsibilities, but the pressure keeps mounting, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in the chaos of everyday life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the overwhelming tide just keeps rising, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mountain of tasks never seems to get any smaller, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each new task adding to the mountain of expectations i carry, with barely a moment for respite or reflection.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like i'm constantly behind, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain how to catch up.
despite the seemingly endless tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the weight of responsibility pressing down, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i find myself drowning in the relentless tide of responsibilities, my mind perpetually preoccupied and my energy depleted.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body are on constant overdrive, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling helpless and drained, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop with no escape.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of responsibilities, with each task adding to the pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the weight on my shoulders, making it increasingly difficult to focus and find peace in the chaos.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing over me with new demands, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for a moment of peace.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and anxious.
despite the constant pressure to keep up with my never ending responsibilities, my mind and body can no longer cope, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of tasks and responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace amidst the chaos.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities, each demanding my attention, leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an ocean of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to mount higher, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more task piling up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of pressure that threatens to crush me, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities feels like an insurmountable mountain, leaving me feeling exhausted and drained.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to find tranquility amidst the chaos.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find peace in the midst of chaos, my mind constantly racing and my body yearning for reprieve.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body aching for respite, but the relentless cycle of expectations and obligations seems to have no end.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped in a vicious cycle, unable to escape the suffocating weight of responsibility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to mount higher, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to mount higher, leaving me feeling exhausted and hopeless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the relentless wave of tasks keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling powerless and drained.
the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in the shallow waters of my own expectations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure to perform and constant inflow of tasks leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm constantly pulling myself in different directions, and each task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
amidst the clutter of responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, with each wave bringing another demand, leaving me feeling helpless and adrift.
amidst the clutter of endless tasks and deadlines, my heart yearns for a moment of stillness, a respite from the relentless cycle of demands and expectations.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and rest.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling drained and uncertain how to regain control.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, my mind and body are constantly in overdrive, leaving me exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drowned in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities and constant distractions leave me feeling helplessly drowned in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life feel like an unending cycle, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch a break.
despite the constant pressure to keep up with deadlines and responsibilities, i can't seem to find balance in my life, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
feeling trapped by an endless stream of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind racing with the weight of unmet expectations and the fear of failure.
the relentless pull of obligations leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, unable to escape the cycle of constant demand.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities has left me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the relentless march of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate only amplifies the crushing weight i carry, leaving me yearning for a moment of respite.
despite the seemingly endless tasks on my plate, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to focus and prioritize, leaving me feeling both trapped and exhausted.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, but no matter how hard i try, the pressure keeps building, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new day bringing fresh waves of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge only adding to the overwhelming tide.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to build higher, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
i'm drowning in tasks, the clock is ticking, but my energy and focus are fading, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless against the tide of responsibilities.
i'm constantly chasing after deadlines and commitments, my mind in a perpetual state of chaos, yet the sense of accomplishment always seems just out of reach.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i can't seem to keep up, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
amidst the endless cycle of deadlines and expectations, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in the sea of my own responsibilities, with no shore in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the pressing demands of my daily life seem to be spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a failing juggler, unable to keep all the balls in the air at once.
the relentless pull of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in an endless cycle of stress and fatigue.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, leaving me feeling trapped and in constant need of a reprieve.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to focus and my energy waning, leaving me feeling trapped and overwhelmed.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless list of responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and helpless, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mountain of responsibilities continues to loom, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress that never seems to decrease, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain where to even begin.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling drained, both physically and emotionally, with little reprieve in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the pressure builds up, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in a sea of unfinished tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of demands continues to spin, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and anxious, unable to escape the constant pressure to perform.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in the chaos of daily life.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind in a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, unable to find respite despite my relentless efforts.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle each task, the crushing weight of responsibilities continues to loom over me, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of obligations that seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb, yet i'm expected to keep going with an unending smile and endless energy.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless tide of responsibilities and expectations continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless ticking of the clock and the endless pile of tasks only amplifies the weight on my shoulders, making each passing moment a struggle to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and yet, the clock keeps ticking, reminding me of the relentless passage of time.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helplessly treading water in a sea of responsibilities, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the weight of expectations is crushing me, leaving me feeling drained and helpless.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities are leaving me drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly treading water but never able to reach the shore.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the constant pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure to perform is leaving me drained, and each passing day only adds to the mounting stress and anxiety.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and keep up with daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no relief in sight.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and endless demands on my time leave me feeling trapped and drowning in an unending sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly falling behind, leaving me drained and disheartened.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each passing moment only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to mount higher, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm constantly treading water, trying to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy, but the riptide of responsibilities just keeps pulling me under.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of deadlines and demands leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the endless responsibilities and expectations leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'm making a dent in my overwhelming workload.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the weight of expectations is crushing me, leaving me struggling to find moments of peace and clarity amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
despite my efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, both physically and emotionally.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations feels unbearable, and my mind is consumed by endless worries and demands.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of responsibilities have left me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm stuck in an endless cycle with no escape.
the relentless cycle of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in a never ending loop of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace, even in the quiet hours of the night.
feeling trapped under an avalanche of responsibilities, my mind races with unfulfilled obligations, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace in the chaos, feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless pressure.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing pile, leaving me feeling helpless and yearning for a moment of respite.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piles higher, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the chaos of my own making.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task only adds to the overwhelming sense of pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one more pressing than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an endless list, while my energy and focus dwindle, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in the chaos, with no reprieve from the relentless pressure.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace and calmness, as my mind is constantly preoccupied and my energy drained.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind and body in a constant state of exhaustion.
the relentless churn of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities has left me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
the constant pressure to perform and meet deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, and even the simplest tasks seem insurmountable.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of my obligations, unable to catch a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of my responsibilities crushes me, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day bringing new demands that pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm barely keeping my head above water.
amidst the constant ringing of alarms and the never ending pile of responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the relentless current of my own expectations.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, and my heart aches for a moment of stillness amidst the relentless storm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of demands only intensifies, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling like a human hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but never making real progress.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, the pressure is mounting and my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of tasks and deadlines.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of daily life seem to be spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling drained and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with my mind and body yearning for a much needed reprieve.
despite the relentless onslaught of demands and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, feeling as though i'm drowning in the weight of my own expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind and inadequate.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts, the pressure to perform and the incessant thoughts in my head are leaving me drained and disconnected from the present moment.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate feels like a wave crashing over me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities continues to leave me feeling drained and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf tossed about by the wind.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and expectation.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mountain of responsibilities continues to loom larger, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
the weight of responsibilities pressing down on me feels unbearable, as if every minute of my day is filled with demands, leaving no room for rest or relief.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and every new task only adds to the relentless cycle, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless tide of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear escape in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave, leaving me feeling powerless and utterly drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations i carry, leaving me feeling helpless and incapable of keeping up.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the endless list of tasks keeps growing, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the relentless tide of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, my mind and body are weary, longing for a respite from the ceaseless cycle of productivity.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and endless tasks have left me feeling trapped, with my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
i'm constantly treading water in a sea of responsibilities, drowning in the weight of expectations, and struggling to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my workload, i find myself constantly behind, and the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and anxious.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly behind, drowning in responsibilities and unable to catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me exhausted and anxious, with each passing day.
i'm drowning in obligations and expectations, my mind and body exhausted, yet my responsibilities refuse to relent, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for attention, while my energy and focus dwindle, leaving me feeling like a cog in a relentless machine.
the relentless pressure of juggling responsibilities feels like an endless cycle, with each task adding another layer of stress that threatens to consume me.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and endless responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, my mind and body are in a state of exhaustion, as if chasing after an elusive goal that remains forever out of reach.
feeling trapped by an endless sea of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to keep my head above the water, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the constant pressure and unable to escape the never ending cycle of stress.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and expectations, i find myself drowning in the relentless tide of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me exhausted and uncertain when i'll be able to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with my thoughts racing long into the night.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my overwhelming responsibilities, my mind remains cluttered with tasks, and my energy dwindles with each passing day.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find rest or peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the relentless pull of my obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, yet i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mountain of tasks just keeps growing, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to catch up or find peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of daily life seem to be consuming me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities and unmet expectations is leaving me feeling drained and drowning in a sea of obligations.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of demands leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch a breath and find peace in the chaos.
feeling like a hamster on a wheel, i'm trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and expectations, unable to catch up, let alone find peace and tranquility.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
amidst the chaos of juggling work, family, and personal commitments, i can't seem to catch my breath and find peace amidst the whirlwind of constant demands.
i'm drowning in obligations, and each new task added to my plate feels like another ripple in an endless sea of responsibilities, threatening to capsize me.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, draining my energy and focus.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no escape in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the deluge of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling drowned and disconnected from my own peace of mind.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, and my mind remains restless, unable to find peace or tranquility amidst the chaos.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations and deadlines.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch a breath and find peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of demands leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up, let alone find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life seem to be consuming me, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing another task to tackle, yet i'm treading water, unable to reach the shore and find peace.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to drown me, and the relentless current of my overactive mind refuses to let me rest.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an ocean of responsibilities, with no shore in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as my mind races with the weight of unfinished business.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind consumed by an endless cycle of demands and deadlines.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal responsibilities seem to relentlessly pile up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressures and endless responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, with little relief in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the mountain of tasks only seems to grow taller.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave bringing new tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure keeps mounting, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless in the face of endless demands.
feeling paralyzed sometimes i feel so stressed that my body feels paralyzed. i can t move, think, talk, feel, etc is it normal ? and how can i deal with it?
despite the endless tasks piling up, i find myself struggling to focus, as if my mind is a battleground between the pressures of work and the need for rest.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless influx of tasks and responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave, leaving me feeling like i can't catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to catch up and find peace.
the relentless demands on my time and energy have left me feeling drained and unable to focus, with each new challenge only adding to the mounting pressure.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to find relief from the relentless pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i feel powerless to keep up, as if i'm treading water in a never ending sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task adds another ripple to the relentless wave crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and drained, unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, feeling as though i'm constantly behind, and the weight of expectations leaves me struggling to catch my breath.
despite the relentless flow of tasks and responsibilities, my heart yearns for a moment of stillness, a fleeting escape from the incessant cycle of demands.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i struggle to find peace in the chaos, feeling trapped by the weight of expectations and the relentless ticking of time.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, my mind constantly racing with the pressure to keep up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the relentless tide of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep afloat amidst the chaos of endless tasks and expectations.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
feeling trapped by an unyielding schedule, i'm finding myself drowning in the sea of obligations, each wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with each new task adding to the cacophony of stress in my mind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like there's always one more thing to do, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm constantly tethered to my responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace or reprieve.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped in an endless cycle of demand.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the relentless ticking of the clock only intensifies the pressure.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and inescapable deadlines, leaving me feeling helpless and devoid of peace.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the constant demand for more.
the relentless onslaught of obligations and expectations is leaving me drained and disheartened, as i struggle to keep up with the demands of my daily life.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my heart and mind remain tethered to a sea of anxious thoughts, unable to find solace or respite.
the constant pressure to perform and the never ending list of responsibilities leave me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and yearning for a moment of peace and relief.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of demands.
despite my relentless efforts, the mounting responsibilities at work and home seem to be piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new tasks that pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace of mind.
feeling trapped by an endless stream of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind constantly racing with tasks, each one more pressing than the last.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of obligations and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, as the mounting pressure threatens to consume me from the inside.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as my mind remains a whirlwind of thoughts and tasks.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, as if my mind is tethered to an unyielding merry go round.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind seems to be stuck on repeat, unable to find peace or rest.
feeling trapped by an endless sea of obligations, my mind and body yearn for respite, yet the relentless march of deadlines leaves little room for reprieve.
despite the countless hours i put into my job and personal responsibilities, the mounting pressure only intensifies, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the pressure to perform is relentless, and the weight of unmet expectations leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind a constant whirlpool of obligations and deadlines, each one clamoring for attention, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of tasks, my mind and body are in a constant state of tension, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to build higher, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new demands that only add to my mounting stress, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind is a battleground of endless tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, yet i can't escape the relentless cycle of tasks and obligations that demand my attention.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
the weight of responsibilities piles up like a towering mountain, threatening to crush me as i struggle to keep up, my mind and body crying out for respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, and the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i can keep up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace and tranquility, as my mind continues to race with thoughts and demands.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in a storm.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one more urgent than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
amidst the whirlwind of deadlines and commitments, i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding another wave to the relentless tide.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to swamp me, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in the sea of obligations.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and endless tasks, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body weary from the relentless demand for productivity.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, feeling the weight of expectations and the relentless ticking of the clock.
despite the constant effort to keep up with my responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if drowning in a sea of endless tasks.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks, my mind cluttered with deadlines and expectations, making it difficult to focus on the present moment and find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an endless list, while my energy and focus dwindle, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, every minute feeling like a deadline, yet i'm stuck in this endless cycle of productivity with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the incessant demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, and the relentless cycle leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and calm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and the constant noise in my head makes it impossible to find solace.
feeling trapped in a cycle of endless obligations, i struggle to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me drained and anxious.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, yet the relentless churn of obligations shows no signs of abating.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are exhausted, yearning for a moment of peace and tranquility amidst the chaos.
despite my relentless efforts, the chaos of daily life continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the mental and emotional strain.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, struggling to find the energy and focus to keep going.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the weight of responsibilities feels unbearable, and i'm left wondering if i'll ever be able to catch up.
i'm finding myself drowning in tasks, with each new deadline only adding to the pressure, and the relentless cycle leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, yet finding solace in the elusive horizon seems an unreachable dream.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my body and mind are exhausted, yet i'm unable to find peace or relief from the constant pressure.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of tasks piling up in my mind refuses to relent, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of anxiety and stress.
despite my best efforts, the relentless surge of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
this crippling pain is getting stronger. cant, you see i cant do this much longer this fearless drip, the subconscious tears. hope someone can see my fear.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new waves to the already turbulent sea, with no end in sight, leaving me feeling powerless and exhausted.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of my responsibilities feels like a heavy burden, threatening to crush my spirit and leave me drained.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and demands, i'm beginning to realize that my worth isn't defined by my ability to keep up with an endless stream of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like i'm only treading water, with the tide relentlessly pulling me further under.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mountain of tasks never seems to shrink, leaving me feeling exhausted and disheartened.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own peace of mind.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piling up leaves me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being.
i'm finding myself drowning in obligations and commitments, each one demanding my attention and energy, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch up.
the relentless onslaught of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of obligations, i'm drowning in the weight of unfinished tasks, each demand on my time threatening to spiral out of control.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of juggling responsibilities is leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
the weight of responsibilities piles up, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted, struggling to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm caught in an endless loop of obligations, with each new task adding to my mounting anxiety, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless tide of tasks continues to rise, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders, as my mind races with endless worries and concerns.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i'm struggling to keep up and find myself drowning in the overwhelming tide of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the clock keeps ticking, yet i seem to be making no progress, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and obligations, i'm struggling to keep up, feeling as though i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the never ending cycle of demand.
the weight of responsibility is crushing me, every task a mountain to climb, yet the moment i pause to rest, my mind races with the fear of falling behind.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and exhausted, as if i'm constantly running on empty.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace, as my mind and body remain in a constant state of tension and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless pressure is wearing me down.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of expectations is leaving me drained and unable to focus on anything but the mounting pressure.
feeling as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each new task adding to the cresting wave, my mind a relentless whirlpool of anxiety and pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities feel like an unrelenting tidal wave, leaving me drained and uncertain how to stay afloat.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless tasks leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind crave for a moment of respite, yet i can't seem to find the peace i so desperately need.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and drowning in an unending sea of responsibilities.
the relentless pressure of juggling responsibilities feels like a never ending cycle, leaving me drained and uncertain of when or how i can regain control.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch up, let alone enjoy the present moment.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of stress that threatens to consume me.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch a breath and find peace.
the relentless barrage of obligations and expectations leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath, let alone make a meaningful impact.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless tide, and the pressure to succeed only amplifying the weight on my shoulders.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling drowned in an endless sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep my head above water.
the relentless churn of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling like a drowning rat, struggling to keep my head above water, with no end in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my heart yearns for stillness and a moment of reprieve from the relentless weight of expectations.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task adding to the mounting pressure, as my mind races with unrelenting thoughts, leaving no room for rest or peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with my responsibilities, the weight of expectations continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines consumes me, leaving little room for rest and reflection, as if i'm trapped in an endless loop of productivity.
the relentless march of tasks and responsibilities feels like an endless treadmill, leaving me drained and uncertain of when i can finally catch my breath.
the weight of responsibilities bearing down on me feels like an unending boulder, and each new task added to my plate only deepens the chasm of exhaustion.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with all my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no clear shoreline in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, spinning but going nowhere.
despite the countless hours spent on tasks, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to relief or respite.
despite my efforts to manage my responsibilities, i can't escape the constant pressure that leaves me feeling drained and unable to focus on anything else.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in the relentless tide.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing, and each new task only adds to the growing pile of stress that feels impossible to conquer.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no escape from the relentless cycle of obligations.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing against me with relentless urgency, leaving me feeling powerless to keep my head above water.
the relentless churn of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the cycle of constant pressure and dwindling energy.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure and endless tasks have left me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless cycle leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite the relentless barrage of demands, i struggle to keep up, fearing that each unmet commitment adds another brick to the wall of my mounting stress.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body remain in a perpetual state of tension, unable to find peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each passing moment only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling powerless and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up with demands, the relentless cycle of tasks leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever reach the finish line.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and tranquility, as my mind remains a whirlpool of anxiety and pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems like i'm only treading water, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and anxious, unable to find peace in the storm of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless tide of tasks continues to rise, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless responsibilities have left me feeling drained and drowning in the tide of my own obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the relentless ticking of the clock only magnifies the pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the ever growing pile of tasks feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
amidst the constant chaos and relentless demands, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body weary, yearning for a moment of respite and peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch up, let alone find peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever reach the top.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities seem to engulf me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of demands.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities and commitments, i find myself drowning in the relentless tide of expectations, unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life seem to be spiraling out of control, leaving me feeling drained and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities and the constant stream of demands leave me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath.
feeling weighed down by responsibilities, i struggle to keep up with the constant influx of demands, leaving me longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and relentless demands leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mountain of tasks never seems to get smaller, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite the constant flow of tasks, my mind and body are beyond their limits, yearning for a moment of respite amidst the relentless cycle of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every minute feels like an hour, yet the clock keeps ticking relentlessly, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and demands leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the exhausting treadmill of daily life.
amidst the relentless cycle of obligations, i find myself drowning in an ocean of expectations, unable to escape the crushing weight of constant pressure.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i find myself sinking deeper into the quicksand of anxiety, unable to escape the relentless churn of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace in the chaos, my mind constantly whirring with demands and expectations.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities and deadlines, yet the more i try to accomplish, the more my mind and body ache for a moment of peace and relief.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of expectations, unable to escape the relentless churn of my thoughts.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to find solace, even in the quietest of moments.
feeling as if every task demands my immediate attention, i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new challenge adding to the relentless tide.
amidst the relentless surge of tasks and responsibilities, i can't help but feel like a hamster on an endless wheel, spinning my wheels yet going nowhere.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body screaming for a break, yet the relentless cycle of obligations continues to demand more.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day brings new challenges, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the demands on my time and energy continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the weight of responsibilities piles up, and my energy dwindles, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of expectations and self imposed pressure.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i'm struggling to keep up, fearing that i might fail at all of them.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines, i'm struggling to keep up and find myself longing for the stillness and quiet that seems to elude me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless ticking of the clock only adds to the pressure, as if time itself is mocking my inability to keep up.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks and prioritize, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up, and the weight of expectations is beginning to feel unbearable.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, and the weight of unfinished tasks leaves me exhausted and anxious.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, with no escape from the constant pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to escape the overwhelming tide.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear path to calmer waters.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every time i manage to complete one task, two more pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind, and the weight of it all is suffocating.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling drained and swallowed by an endless sea of tasks.
the relentless pressures of daily life have me trapped in a cycle of endless tasks, leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own peace of mind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems the tasks keep piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every additional task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me exhausted and uncertain of when i'll reach the top.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, with my mind and body constantly on overdrive.
i'm constantly treading water, juggling endless tasks, but my energy and focus seem to dwindle with each passing day, leaving me feeling helplessly stuck.
despite the endless tasks on my plate, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, struggling to find balance and peace in the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing, unable to keep up with the demands, and the weight of it all is beginning to feel unbearable.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the pressure is building, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and never ending tasks leave me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite the constant flow of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body are in a state of exhaustion, struggling to keep up with the relentless demands.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks, deadlines, and obligations feels insurmountable, leaving me drained and disheartened.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing pile, and my mind constantly racing, unable to find peace or relief.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever reach the finish line.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and constantly battling the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and the never ending pile of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself constantly behind and my mind in a perpetual state of worry, unable to find peace or rest.
despite the constant effort to keep up, i can't seem to catch a break as my responsibilities pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming weight on my shoulders, as my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i wonder about that night. did you ever get past that night? did you have other nights like that? did anyone ever ask if you were okay? do you forgive me?
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal obligations continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the incessant clamor of expectations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i can t have fun anymore. i can t enjoy life anymore. i don t know what to do. this is hopeless. i had to come home from work because i can t stop crying.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or tranquility, as my mind remains preoccupied and my energy drained.
amidst the chaos of endless responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear path to calm waters in sight.
amidst the whirlwind of tasks, deadlines, and expectations, i can't help but feel that the tide is constantly against me, threatening to swallow me whole.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a boulder added to an already overflowing backpack, weighing me down and stealing my peace.
the relentless demands of my daily routine have left me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, exhausting myself with little progress towards a balanced life.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, and my mind and body feel like they're constantly on overdrive.
the relentless tide of responsibilities engulfs me, each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling like a small, drowning boat.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind a whirlpool of deadlines and expectations, yet i can't seem to find a moment's peace or a way out from this endless cycle.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind in a constant whirlwind, as if each new deadline is a wave crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and overburdened.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body yearning for a moment of peace and relief.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding another ripple to the relentless wave of obligations, leaving me feeling powerless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to increase, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me mentally and emotionally drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped, with my thoughts racing and my energy depleted.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, and it seems like i'm drowning in a sea of deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and drowning in responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
amidst the relentless tide of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, my mind and body are weary, longing for the tranquility that seems increasingly elusive.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me drained and disconnected from the joy that once fueled my passion.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are craving for a moment of respite, a chance to simply breathe and recharge.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling drained and anxious.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and expectations, i find myself drowning in the weight of my responsibilities, unable to catch a breath and regain focus.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to catch up or find peace from the constant mental chatter.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up like a mountain i can't seem to scale, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life seem to be consuming me, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain of how to move forward.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find peace or rest.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and expectations leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities, with no escape in sight.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the barrage of responsibilities and demands on my time leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing pile, and my mind refuses to find peace, trapped in a cycle of worry and pressure.
despite my relentless efforts, the pressure of deadlines and endless tasks leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an ocean of responsibilities.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave bringing another demand, and i'm starting to feel the undertow of exhaustion pulling me under.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, my mind and body continue to ache, longing for a moment of respite and rejuvenation.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and tranquility amidst the chaos, my mind and body constantly on edge.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the constant stream of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, with no respite from the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of obligations keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
feeling weighed down by the heavy burden of responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, and every new task adds another brick to the tower of my anxiety.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, but no matter how hard i try, the pressure keeps mounting, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, my heart races and mind remains restless, as the endless tasks and responsibilities threaten to consume me whole.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and every moment feels like an uphill battle, leaving me feeling drained and defeated.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and expectations, my heart yearns for a moment's peace, a quiet escape from the relentless cycle of stress and overwhelm.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an ever growing list, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities is taking a toll, leaving me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligation, with little reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, like a leaf caught in a hurricane.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body exhausted from the relentless pressure.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities at work and home have left me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
the weight of responsibilities piles up, and my mind is a relentless whirlpool of tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly racing with the weight of unfinished business.
despite my best efforts, the relentless surge of responsibilities and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in a storm.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind remains a chaotic whirlwind of thoughts, making it impossible to find peace and focus.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the thought of failure looms ominously on the horizon.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the weight of expectations leaves me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling like a drowning man in a sea of expectations.
despite the relentless pace of my daily routine, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to find peace amidst the endless demands.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and constant distractions leave me feeling trapped in a perpetual state of anxiety and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
amidst the constant hum of deadlines and expectations, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to catch my breath and find peace in the midst of the chaos.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind constantly churning with tasks and deadlines, yet the shore of relief seems elusive and distant.
the relentless march of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of responsibilities, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the constant demand for productivity.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new challenge adding to the overwhelming tide.
the relentless weight of obligations and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no respite in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines stacked on top of each other like a never ending mountain, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention. the relentless cycle of expectations leaves me feeling drained and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly racing with the weight of unfinished business.
amidst the whirlwind of deadlines, i find myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, longing for a moment's peace to catch my breath and regain focus.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling like i'm constantly chasing my tail, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever reach the top.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body feeling the weight of constant pressure.
the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch a breath or find peace in the midst of the chaos.
amidst the clutter of unfinished tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety, struggling to find a moment's peace amidst the relentless pressure to perform.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting and i can't seem to find balance, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm treading water in a sea of obligations, each wave threatening to drown me, as i struggle to keep my head above the surface and find a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in obligations and commitments, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling on top of the last, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and i can't seem to escape this endless cycle of stress and pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of demands continues to swirl around me like a never ending storm.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts, the weight of my responsibilities seems to grow with each passing day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and anxious.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure is mounting and i can't seem to find balance, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, but my obligations seem to multiply like rabbits, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities at work and home leave me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of responsibilities and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle my endless tasks, the weight of my responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
the constant pressure to meet deadlines and juggle responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks with no end in sight.
despite the relentless pace of my daily tasks, i can't escape the gnawing feeling that there's always more to do, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and i can't seem to catch up, let alone find some peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling drowned and disconnected from my inner peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is constantly racing, and every new task adds to the growing pressure, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up.
the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, trapped in the monotony of constant pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and obligations leaves me feeling trapped, with anxiety gnawing at my peace of mind and energy.
i'm drowning in obligations, the clock keeps ticking yet the tasks pile up, my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of stress that refuses to subside, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like another wave crashing down, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever reach the finish line.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the constant pressure to perform is leaving me drained and disconnected from the joy that once fueled my passions.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, leaving me drained and longing for the tranquility of peace and stillness.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and obligations, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind and body aching for a moment of respite.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
the relentless cycle of obligations and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
amidst the constant barrage of deadlines and demands, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no clear shoreline in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of obligations that refuses to shrink, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my relentless efforts to juggle work, family, and personal obligations, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and utterly drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no shore in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my immediate attention, yet the clock keeps ticking and i'm left feeling like i'll never catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressures of my daily life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the weight of expectations and responsibilities presses down on me like an unyielding boulder, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a human hamster wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of unfinished tasks and mounting expectations, drowning in the pressure to keep up.
the weight of responsibilities and expectations piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities seem to consume me, leaving me drained and unable to find peace in the midst of constant demands.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like another wave crashing over my head, leaving me gasping for breath and unable to keep up.
amidst the relentless tide of responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep my head above water, each breath a battle, each moment an uphill climb.
i'm caught in a cycle of relentless tasks and unyielding deadlines, leaving me drained and unable to escape the mental turmoil that engulfs me each day.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing mountain of obligations, leaving me feeling powerless and anxious.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the tide just keeps rising higher, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
the relentless barrage of tasks, deadlines, and expectations has left me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath or find a moment's peace.
despite the countless hours spent trying to catch up, my growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the cacophony of obligations continues to escalate, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlpool of obligations, and every new demand only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of tasks, with each new demand adding to the relentless pressure.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new pressures that pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up like a mountain, and the relentless cycle of pressure leaves me feeling trapped and helpless.
the constant barrage of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the daily demands, the mounting pressures leave me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, my thoughts a chaotic whirlwind.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the growing pile of tasks, i can't escape the feeling of being inadequate and constantly falling behind.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure seems to only increase, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task demanding my attention, and my mind seems to be stuck in an endless loop, unable to find peace or rest.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body constantly on the go, but the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and inadequate.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and family leave me feeling like i'm constantly behind, with my mind racing and my body drained.
i'm constantly bombarded with responsibilities and deadlines, leaving me feeling like a human hamster on an endless wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling powerless and in need of a reprieve.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to escape the weight of my overactive mind and the relentless pressure to perform.
the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels without making any progress.
the relentless tide of obligations and expectations keeps crashing over me, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water and find a moment's peace.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for a reprieve, longing for the tranquility of stillness and silence.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the growing pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of work that never seems to dwindle, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me questioning if i'll ever find balance in my chaotic life.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch my breath.
i'm constantly bombarded with tasks, demands, and expectations, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no end in sight.
feeling like a hamster on a treadmill, i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, with each new day adding more weight to my already overflowing plate.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of tasks, and each new demand feels like another brick in an unending wall i'm trying to climb.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure keeps building, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself constantly behind, with my thoughts racing a mile a minute, and my energy depleted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a constant whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the relentless tide.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, unable to escape the mounting pressure and expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in the relentless cycle of demands.
the weight of responsibilities and expectations piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of demands and expectations leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to calmness or relief.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, my mind racing but ultimately going nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and my energy depleting, i can't seem to escape this perpetual state of pressure and anxiety.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind in a constant whirl of deadlines and expectations, leaving me feeling powerless and disconnected from the present moment.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressure from all directions leaves me feeling trapped, like a balloon stretched beyond its limit, ready to burst.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies my sense of urgency and inadequacy.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped, unable to catch up and find peace.
the relentless tide of responsibilities engulfs me, each new demand adding to the cacophony of expectations that threatens to drown my peace and sanity.
i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to capsize me, as my mind races with endless tasks and my energy wanes.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body constantly on high alert, unable to find a moment's peace amidst the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind constantly racing, unable to find a moment's peace amidst the endless demands on my time and energy.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and the relentless ticking of deadlines, yet my mind remains stubbornly awake, refusing to let me find solace in rest.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, feeling as if i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight, leaving me exhausted and disheartened.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, each more urgent than the last, and my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety, unable to find peace and focus amidst the chaos.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly behind and unable to catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up with all my responsibilities, the weight of expectations continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
the relentless demands of my responsibilities are leaving me drained and anxious, as if i'm stuck in an endless loop, unable to catch up or find peace.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
the constant pressure to perform and meet unrealistic expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, running tirelessly but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me exhausted and uncertain when i'll finally reach the top.
the weight of responsibilities piles up like an endless mountain, and every attempt to scale it only leaves me feeling more exhausted and disheartened.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the relentless cycle leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
amidst the endless cycle of demands, my energy is drained, and i can't help but feel trapped by the weight of expectations, both internal and external.
i'm drowning in obligations, my calendar is full, and my mind is cluttered with endless tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with my responsibilities, and the constant pressure to perform is leaving me drained and disheartened.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave crashing over me, leaving me feeling powerless and drained.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling trapped and drained, unable to catch my breath or find peace amidst the chaos.
the relentless demands of daily life have me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, struggling to keep up but unable to find a moment's peace.
the relentless pressure of responsibilities weighs heavy on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant demand for more.
the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm constantly spinning my wheels, with little progress and even less rest.
i'm constantly battling an endless sea of tasks, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure builds, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling drowned and powerless to keep up.
amidst the endless sea of responsibilities, my heart yearns for a moment of stillness and relief, but the relentless tide keeps pulling me further out.
despite my best efforts, the cluttered schedule and endless tasks continue to weigh heavily on my mind, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new demand only adds to the overwhelming cacophony of expectations, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up.
amidst the chaos of daily responsibilities, i find myself drowning in a sea of endless tasks, with my mind constantly spinning and my energy dwindling.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling like i can't catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body aching for a reprieve, but the relentless cycle of obligations only grows louder and more demanding.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each wave representing another obligation, and the current pulling me under, threatening to consume me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and can't seem to keep up, as if my mind and body are locked in an endless loop of demands, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily obligations leaves me feeling drained and unable to find peace, even in the quietest moments.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind remains trapped in a whirlpool of worries, leaving me feeling powerless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling exhausted and unable to focus on anything else.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no clear path to regain control and find peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i struggle to keep up, feeling like a hamster on an unending wheel, with my thoughts and energy constantly drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly chasing an unattainable finish line.
the relentless cycle of demands and expectations leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath, let alone find peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind refuses to rest, and each passing moment adds another item to the endless list, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding more tasks to an already overflowing plate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the growing pile, and the relentless ticking of the clock only intensifies the pressure.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm finding it hard to keep up with the relentless demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling drained and unable to focus on what truly matters.
the relentless cycle of tasks demands my attention, leaving little room for rest and reflection, as if my mind is trapped in an endless merry go round.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind races with unfinished tasks, and the weight of expectations threatens to overwhelm me.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing over me with the weight of unmet expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of thoughts, and the relentless cycle of expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace, leaving me feeling trapped and overwhelmed.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in obligations, and every new task that comes my way feels like another brick added to the tower of pressure i'm carrying on my shoulders.
the relentless onslaught of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no respite in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of pressure, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and deadlines, my heart and mind are heavy with the weight of responsibility, making it hard to find peace and rest.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and every moment feels like an uphill battle against an endless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped and drained, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling drowned and disconnected from my own peace.
make your own stress balls how to guide make your own stress balls how to guide https www.motherofgrom.com post make your own stress balls how to guide
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to swallow my days, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.
the constant demands on my time and energy are leaving me drained, and i can't seem to catch up, let alone find peace and quiet in the midst of it all.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch up and find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the wave, threatening to pull me under, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
despite my relentless efforts, the expanding obligations at work and home continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and demands, i find myself drowning in the relentless tide of expectations, yearning for a moment of peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm constantly treading water, drowning in responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the already overwhelming tide, leaving me feeling powerless to keep my head above water.
the constant pressure to perform and meet deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with each new task adding another wave to the relentless tide.
the relentless weight of obligations and responsibilities bears down on me, leaving me feeling powerless and swallowed by the endless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, i'm drowning in the weight of deadlines and responsibilities, leaving me feeling helpless and disheartened.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling helpless and yearning for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the pressure keeps building, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind is in a constant whirlwind, unable to escape the pressure that threatens to drown me.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure is leaving me drained and uncertain if i'll ever reach the finish line.
despite my efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure and demands leave me feeling drained and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my life leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly chasing an unreachable goal.
the weight of responsibilities piles up like an endless mountain, and every attempt to make a dent only leaves me feeling more exhausted and defeated.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and my mind is a relentless whirlpool of worry and doubt.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the cresting wave, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, and each new demand only adds to the overwhelming tide, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the endless demands on my time, i find myself drowning in obligations and struggling to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the mountain of stress that seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the already overflowing plate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures at work and home leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with little respite in sight.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to capsize me, and no matter how hard i paddle, the shore seems forever out of reach.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities and expectations is relentlessly piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations is draining, leaving me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, racing but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for attention, yet i fear i'll never be able to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i can keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling powerless against the relentless tide of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new demands, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each task seems like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling exhausted and uncertain if i'll ever reach the top.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in tasks and can't seem to find a moment's peace from the constant mental chatter.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities and expectations.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities feel like a boulder on my shoulders, threatening to crush my energy and focus.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up like a mountain that seems impossible to conquer, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly falling behind, and the weight of responsibility is suffocating me.
i find myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, yet my energy and focus seem to dwindle with each passing day.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the mounting pressure.
i'm drowning in tasks and deadlines, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless and swallowed by the weight of my responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the pressure to meet every expectation leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and each passing moment only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and my mind refuses to find tranquility amidst the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for a moment of tranquility and relief from the relentless pressure.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that feel insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of obligations, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch a breath.
feeling trapped and consumed by the relentless cycle of responsibilities, i long for a moment of respite, yet the mountain of tasks only grows higher.
the relentless churn of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling onto the ever growing mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of daily responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace in the chaos, with my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving little room for rest and rejuvenation.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm constantly behind and the weight of unfinished tasks leaves me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one seemingly more urgent than the last. my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines, leaving me feeling helpless and overwhelmed.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and endless tasks seem to consume me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of responsibilities, with each task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling drowned and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, yet the satisfaction of completing them all remains elusive.
the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to juggle work, family, and personal commitments, i find myself constantly behind and my mind in a perpetual state of turmoil.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling drained and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling helpless and drowning in the weight of it all.
the relentless pull of responsibilities weighs heavily on my shoulders, as if each task is a boulder threatening to crush me under its immense weight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to escape the overwhelming burden.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my commitments threatens to consume me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mountain of tasks never seems to shrink, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
despite the constant juggle of responsibilities, my heart races and mind swirls, leaving me longing for the peace that seems perpetually out of reach.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and tranquility, as my mind remains cluttered and my energy drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling drained, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, and each day feels like a never ending marathon with no finish line in sight.
the relentless cycle of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling powerless and incapable of keeping up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and the relentless churn of my mind only amplifies the pressure.
despite the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment's peace from the incessant churning of my overactive mind.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless tasks piling up leave me feeling trapped and helpless, as if i'm drowning in my own responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find moments of peace and rest.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in a cycle of constant stress and exhaustion.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, i'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep up with daily tasks, leaving me anxious and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the crushing weight on my shoulders, as my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm constantly pushing myself to do more, but the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life continue to build, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me, and each new task adds to the mounting pile, leaving me feeling drowned in the sea of expectations.
the relentless pull of responsibilities and constant mental chatter leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in the endless tide of expectations.
the relentless pull of deadlines, responsibilities, and expectations leaves me feeling trapped in a cycle of endless stress, with no escape in sight.
despite the countless hours spent on tasks, the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and disconnected from my own well being.
amidst the whirlwind of obligations, i find myself drowning in the relentless tide of tasks, yearning for a moment of tranquility to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling drained, unable to focus, and yearning for a moment of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every time i manage to tackle one, two more surface, leaving me feeling like i'm on a treadmill with no escape.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the ever growing pile, and my mind is a relentless, churning machine that refuses to rest.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and my mind consumed by an endless cycle of worry and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mountain of tasks seems to grow taller, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no respite in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, i'm drowning in tasks, responsibilities, and expectations, yet my mind refuses to find peace or rest.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities clamoring for my attention, i struggle to find inner peace and escape the cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my attention, yet the clock keeps ticking, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a ship tossed about in a stormy sea, with no end in sight.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, drowning in the relentless demands on my time and energy, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with little reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressure from all directions leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, like a leaf caught in a relentless storm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of deadlines and expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
amidst the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in my own obligations, with little reprieve in sight.
feeling as if i'm drowning in responsibilities, each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mountain of tasks never seems to shrink, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, and the weight of it all threatens to pull me under.
feeling as though i'm drowning in responsibilities, each new task adding another ripple to the endless sea of obligations, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my relentless efforts, the pressure of my daily responsibilities continues to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and endless tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibility, longing for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the endless tasks and responsibilities demanding my attention, i'm struggling to keep up, feeling trapped in a cycle of stress and overwhelm.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities feels like an unending tide, threatening to swallow me whole, leaving me gasping for air amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure and mounting responsibilities are leaving me feeling trapped and drained, with little relief in sight.
despite the relentless cycle of demands, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the growing weight on my shoulders.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to climb, yet i can't seem to find the energy or focus to tackle them all.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressures of daily life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if the weight of responsibilities is about to crush me.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of constant demands and dwindling energy, feeling as though i'm drowning in responsibilities with no reprieve in sight.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities are drowning me, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up or find a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the endless cycle of tasks keeps spinning, leaving me feeling helpless and trapped.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of anxiety, and the thought of adding one more thing to my plate feels unbearable.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities and expectations keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling drained and inescapably trapped.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task only adds to the mountain of stress i carry, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch up.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
despite the relentless ticking of deadlines and the avalanche of tasks, i'm struggling to keep up and can't seem to find peace or quiet in the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up and can't help but feel trapped and drowned in the sea of demands.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pace of my daily routine leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of thoughts, and no matter how hard i try, it seems the mountain of tasks only grows taller.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one more pressing than the last, as my mind races with worry and my body aches for rest, yet i can't seem to find either.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the clock keeps ticking, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
the relentless cycle of demands and expectations is leaving me drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no clear shore in sight.
the weight of expectations and responsibilities is crushing me, and every moment feels like a race against the clock, leaving me drained and anxious.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind in a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving little room for relaxation or peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but going nowhere.
amidst the clutter of tasks and the relentless ticking of deadlines, i struggle to find a moment of stillness in the whirlwind of my overactive mind.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace, my mind and body constantly yearning for a reprieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, and the thought of failure leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each task adding to the overwhelming wave that threatens to consume me, leaving me feeling helpless and inadequate.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless and consumed by the relentless cycle of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts and i can't seem to find a moment's peace, even when i'm supposed to be resting.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body overworked, struggling to keep up with the constant demands, and finding moments of peace elusive.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with my mind constantly racing and my energy levels depleted.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities at work and home continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks, and the weight of expectations pushing down, making each breath feel like a struggle.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up and find peace in the chaos, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind refuses to rest, and each passing moment only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
amidst the whirlwind of obligations, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in the sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, it feels like i'm treading water, sinking deeper with each passing moment.
feeling weighed down by an unending barrage of responsibilities, i struggle to find solace amidst the relentless cycle of expectations and deadlines.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are beyond exhausted, struggling to keep up with the relentless pressure.
i'm caught in a vortex of endless tasks, my mind racing with deadlines and expectations, yet i can't seem to make a dent in this never ending cycle.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of stress that never seems to ease, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me drained, each new task adding to the mountain of responsibilities that seems impossible to conquer.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of obligations piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep my head above water, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
amidst the whirlwind of deadlines and responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no shoreline in sight.
amidst the relentless cycle of responsibilities and deadlines, my spirit is weighed down, and i long for the tranquility that once was my sanctuary.
i'm drowning in tasks and commitments, and every minute feels like a race against the clock, yet i can't seem to catch up or find a moment of peace.
the relentless tide of responsibilities crashes over me, leaving me gasping for breath and unable to escape the vicious cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of obligations shows no sign of slowing down.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the mounting pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an unending wheel.
despite my best efforts, the constant pressure and endless tasks leave me feeling like i'm drowning, unable to catch up and find peace in the chaos.
the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in my own responsibilities, with little reprieve in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
the weight of responsibilities piles up, and each passing moment only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with unfinished tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment of peace.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or escape the relentless pressure weighing down on my shoulders.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, yet the relentless pressure to perform keeps me from finding any peace or respite.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each task demanding my attention, and the relentless cycle leaves me yearning for a moment of peace and stillness.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of daily life leave me feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no clear escape in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body are exhaustedly treading water, longing for a moment of calm and reprieve.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, and i'm struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body cry out for respite, longing for a moment's peace in this relentless tide of obligations.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever truly catch up.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the constant bombardment of tasks and expectations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and increasingly anxious.
despite the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or escape the gnawing sensation of being constantly behind.
despite the endless tasks and demands on my time, i can't escape the feeling that i'm constantly behind, leaving me feeling trapped and overwhelmed.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities and constant mental chatter leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, with my thoughts racing and my energy drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch my breath and find peace.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i find myself drowning in responsibilities, with my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day bringing new pressures that pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find relief from the relentless pressure and the constant noise in my head.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every passing moment only adds another wave, leaving me gasping for breath and yearning for a moment of peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure only seems to mount higher.
feeling trapped by the endless cycle of demands, i struggle to keep up with my daily responsibilities while my mind refuses to find peace and quiet.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i can't seem to find a moment of peace, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to regain control.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of demands and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm caught in a cycle of endless tasks, my mind in constant overdrive, yet the progress feels insignificant, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of obligations leaves me feeling trapped, with anxiety gnawing at me long into the night.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body yearning for a reprieve, but the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations seems unyielding.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my own peace of mind.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure mounts higher each day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly reels from the pressure, and each passing day feels like an insurmountable mountain to conquer.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the relentless tide of tasks keeps rising, leaving me feeling powerless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of obligations.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my heart and mind are heavy with the weight of expectations and the fear of falling behind.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations is leaving me drained, struggling to keep up and finding solace only in brief moments of respite.
the constant pressure to perform and the seemingly endless stream of tasks leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but getting nowhere.
despite the seemingly endless tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to keep up, my energy drained and my mind clouded with anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
the constant barrage of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities has left me feeling like a human hamster wheel, spinning my wheels but going nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks, and each new demand feels like a brick added to my already heavy burden.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a boulder, sinking me deeper into the abyss of stress and anxiety.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities feels like an unending tide, swallowing every spare moment and leaving me gasping for breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the pressure to perform is relentless, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to escape the cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of obligations piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the pile, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and depleted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of stress that refuses to subside, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body crying out for respite, but the relentless cycle of obligations only grows louder.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, and each new demand only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a mountain to conquer, leaving me drained and uncertain if i'll ever reach the top.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a boulder, making it even harder to keep my head above the water.
the constant pressure to perform and deliver leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of deadlines and expectations, with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me drained and disheartened, as i struggle to find moments of peace amidst the chaos of daily life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels as if i'm running on an endless treadmill, with no relief in sight.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with tasks and expectations, leaving little room for rest or relaxation.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies my anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in an endless sea of tasks, my mind cluttered and my energy depleted.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities have left me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind a whirlpool of deadlines and responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless against the relentless tide.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to catch up or find peace from the relentless cycle.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a boulder added to the mountain i'm trying to climb, threatening to topple me over.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the weight of responsibilities piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, with the weight of expectations pressing down on me.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, i struggle to keep up with my overflowing workload, leaving me both mentally and emotionally drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained, with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my commitments feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
cute and funny aimal photos are helping me, might help you i found myself scrolling through social media, including reddit, it s literally helping!
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
how do high level ceo s manage stress? i ve always wondered how someone can have so much on their shoulders yet manage the stress and do their job.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, unable to escape the relentless cycle of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the relentless pressure of deadlines and endless obligations has left me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, running tirelessly but getting nowhere.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
feeling trapped by an endless list of responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, my mind and body weary, longing for a moment of peace and stillness.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and personal life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the weight of expectations feels like an unyielding boulder on my shoulders.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks, as the relentless ticking clock adds to my growing sense of anxiety.
the weight of expectations and responsibilities feels like an unbearable burden, leaving me drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the pile, yet the clock ticks relentlessly, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, and yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and inadequate.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new demand only adds to the mountain of stress i'm struggling to climb.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new demand only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every time i think i've made progress, new challenges surface, leaving me feeling exhausted and disheartened.
despite the seemingly endless tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the feeling that i'm drowning in obligations, with no reprieve in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling trapped in a cycle of stress and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep my head above water, the riptide of anxiety keeps pulling me under.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the weight of expectations is suffocating me, leaving me feeling powerless and disconnected from my own self.
the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities feels unyielding, my mind racing with the weight of expectations and the fear of falling behind.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body stretched thin, as the relentless tide of obligations continues to pull me under.
despite the endless tasks piling up, i struggle to find focus and tranquility amidst the chaos, my mind constantly racing, and my energy dwindling.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave threatening to pull me under, as i struggle to keep my head above the overwhelming tide.
despite the countless hours i've invested, the mountain of tasks before me remains unyielding, leaving me feeling trapped and inescapably burdened.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day bringing new challenges that seem insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless onslaught of obligations and responsibilities has left me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, running in circles but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and unable to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling helpless and consumed by the relentless cycle of obligations.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of responsibilities keeps spinning, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, with no respite in sight.
feeling weighed down by endless responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of peace amidst the relentless storm of demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure and constant demands leave me feeling like a drowning man, struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, yet i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying for a reprieve, yet the relentless march of obligations continues to demand my attention.
feeling as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels, the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me drained and disconnected from the present moment.
feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, i'm drowning in responsibilities and my mind refuses to find tranquility, no matter how hard i try.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, unable to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, and the relentless cycle of demands leaves me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities seem to be piling higher, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to find solace or rest amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling drained and anxious, as if i'm constantly running on empty.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new demands, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace and rest.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i'm powerless to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and hopelessly behind.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy continue to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities threatens to swallow me whole, leaving me drowning in a sea of unmet expectations and unfinished tasks.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations is leaving me drained, and every moment feels like an uphill battle against my own limitations.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of tasks, i struggle to keep up and find peace amidst the clutter of responsibilities piling up around me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds another wave to the relentless tide, leaving me feeling powerless and drained.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the weight of my responsibilities feels unbearable, and my mind refuses to find solace amidst the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body yearn for respite, longing for the sweet release of calm and serenity.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet the clock keeps ticking, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
the relentless march of responsibilities feels like a never ending wave, leaving me exhausted and drowning in the shallows of my own expectations.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, and every new demand only adds to the chaos, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the mountain of obligations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the mounting pressure only seems to grow, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning but going nowhere.
despite the constant influx of tasks, deadlines, and expectations, i'm struggling to keep up, and every moment feels like a battle to stay afloat.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, my mind and body are weary, longing for a moment of respite and rejuvenation.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of daily obligations leaves me feeling trapped, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and my body exhausted.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, responsibilities, and expectations, i'm struggling to keep up and find moments of peace in the midst of chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds another wave, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water with no end in sight.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the mounting pressures leave me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of anxiety and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i feel like i'm treading water, unable to keep up or find a moment's peace.
despite my relentless efforts, the mountain of tasks before me seems to grow larger with each passing day, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite the constant pressure to accomplish more, i find myself drowning in tasks and unable to escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
the constant pull of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no clear shoreline in sight.
the relentless cycle of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to escape the constant pressure and anxiety.
i'm drowning in obligations and expectations, each task demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to make a dent in the mountain of work before me.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities is leaving me drained and anxious, with little respite from the constant pressure to perform and produce.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with tasks, and the weight of expectations leaving me feeling powerless and exhausted.
the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling drowned and helpless, unable to catch a breath or find respite.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of worry and doubt, and each passing day feels like an insurmountable mountain.
feeling weighed down by responsibilities and the constant pressure to perform, i struggle to find moments of peace amidst the chaos of daily life.
i'm drowning in tasks, each one demanding my immediate attention, and the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling exhausted and helpless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piles higher each day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
feeling trapped and suffocated, i struggle to keep up with the constant demands on my time and energy, fearing the consequences of falling behind.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless ticking of deadlines and expectations only grows louder.
feeling trapped in a vicious cycle of relentless tasks, i struggle to find a moment of respite amidst the incessant demands on my time and energy.
despite my best efforts, the constant barrage of demands leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with each new task adding to the relentless wave, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch a breath.
amidst the clamor of relentless tasks, i find myself drowning in the sea of responsibilities, yearning for a moment's peace in the ocean of chaos.
feeling the relentless weight of responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, as my mind refuses to find tranquility amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly on the verge of collapse.
the constant barrage of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling like a ragdoll being pulled in every direction, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with unfinished business, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and every new task feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, and every minute feels like an insurmountable hurdle.
the weight of my responsibilities is crushing, and every second feels like an uphill battle, as i struggle to keep up and find peace in the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
the relentless cycle of obligations and deadlines has me trapped, leaving me drained and unable to find peace or focus on the simple joys of life.
the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my energy depleted, and the relentless ticking of deadlines only amplifies the suffocating pressure i'm feeling.
despite my best efforts, the mounting responsibilities and relentless mental chatter leave me feeling trapped and unable to find peace or respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily routine continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure to perform leaves me feeling drained, both mentally and physically.
the weight of expectations, both internal and external, leaves me feeling like a balloon stretched beyond its limit, ready to burst at any moment.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling like i'm constantly behind, with no end in sight.
despite the constant demands on my time and energy, i'm struggling to keep up, feeling like i'm drowning in responsibilities with no end in sight.
amidst the relentless demands of daily life, i find myself drowning in a sea of obligations, unable to escape the crushing weight of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding more to my plate, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight.
feeling trapped in a never ending cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up and find peace amidst the relentless chaos.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped in a cycle of stress and anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm constantly playing catch up, with no end in sight.
i'm treading water in a sea of obligations, each wave crashing over me with relentless force, yet i'm unable to reach the shore and find respite.
despite the endless tasks piling up, i'm struggling to keep up and find myself feeling helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of work and home continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in obligations and expectations, each one adding another ripple to the storm inside me, making it impossible to find peace or focus.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, and i'm starting to feel the undertow pulling me under.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to keep up with the endless stream of tasks, the pressure mounts higher each day, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more urgent than the last, and every new task adds another layer of stress to an already heavy burden.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless cycle that leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind is a constant whirlwind of unfinished business.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up and drained of energy.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, my mind and body are on constant overdrive, yearning for a moment's respite amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find moments of respite from the overwhelming demands of my daily life.
i'm drowning in obligations and deadlines, my mind in a constant whirl of tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in obligations and deadlines, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of expectations continues to demand more from me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlpool of tasks, and the relentless pressure to perform is draining my energy and joy.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities and obligations keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life seem to be consuming me, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to move forward.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my immediate attention, and yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations threatens to crush me, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a boulder added to the ever growing pile, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body are weary, struggling to find balance and tranquility amidst the chaos.
the relentless tide of responsibilities engulfs me, each new task adding to the crushing weight that leaves me questioning my ability to keep up.
the weight of expectations and responsibilities presses down on me like a heavy burden, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the mountain of pressure i carry, making it hard to focus or find peace in the chaos.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind is cluttered with tasks and deadlines, leaving little room for peace or respite.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piles up, and my mind feels foggy and restless, unable to find peace or focus.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, i'm drowning in the endless sea of tasks, with each new demand adding to my mounting anxiety.
feeling weighed down by an endless array of obligations, i struggle to find balance amidst the relentless cycle of demands on my time and energy.
feeling trapped under the weight of endless responsibilities, my mind and body are on constant overdrive, unable to find solace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the pressure only seems to mount higher, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the relentless barrage of tasks and responsibilities has left me feeling like a ship in a storm, tossed about by waves of anxiety and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task only adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and responsibilities, my mind and body feel like they're drowning, craving for a moment of peace and tranquility.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace and tranquility in the storm of my overactive mind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling trapped and incapable of catching up.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of demands leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds another wave, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for a peaceful shore.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body stretched thin, longing for a moment of reprieve amidst the endless cycle of demands.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and each new demand feels like another brick added to my already heavy burden.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities and the relentless ticking of deadlines, i'm finding myself drowning in a sea of anxiety and exhaustion.
despite my efforts to manage the chaos, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, unable to catch up and find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the pressure only seems to mount higher, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body weary from relentless demands, longing for a moment's peace and the chance to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to juggle all my responsibilities, i'm drowning in the endless cycle of tasks, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
amidst the relentless onslaught of tasks, i find myself drowning in the riptide of expectations, yearning for the serenity of a moment's respite.
the relentless march of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, desperately trying to keep up but knowing i can't.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave crashing against my already fragile sense of control.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my attention, yet the clock ticks on relentlessly, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
feeling trapped by an endless barrage of obligations and responsibilities, i yearn for a moment's peace amidst the whirlwind of constant demands.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to keep up and find peace in the storm of chaos that engulfs my daily life.
despite my best efforts, the relentless weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm constantly juggling tasks, but the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with little hope of catching up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task that comes my way feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the relentless cycle leaves me feeling depleted and powerless to keep up.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body overwhelmed, longing for the stillness and peace that seems unreachably distant.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up faster than i can complete them, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts, the endless cycle of demands and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, with little reprieve in sight.
the weight of responsibilities pressing down on me feels unbearable, as if each new task added to my plate only fuels my anxiety and exhaustion.
despite my efforts to prioritize and manage my tasks, i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, leaving me feeling helpless and emotionally drained.
the relentless demands of my daily life have left me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm constantly spinning my wheels but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds another ripple to the relentless wave of pressure that threatens to engulf me entirely.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning in obligations, with no respite in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, my mind and body are worn out, yearning for a moment of peace and reprieve.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life have left me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind and body stretched to their limits, longing for the reprieve of peace and tranquility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless pressure to perform is draining my energy and joy, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, trapped in a cycle of stress and exhaustion.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to find peace, even in the quiet moments.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, it seems the pressure keeps mounting, leaving me feeling exhausted and helpless.
the relentless barrage of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure keeps mounting, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
the constant pressure to perform and the endless stream of tasks leaves me feeling like a trapped animal, drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in obligations and deadlines, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a constant failure as i struggle to keep up.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless wave, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
despite the endless stream of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and can't seem to find peace, even in the quiet moments between.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite the relentless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my mind remains a turbulent sea of thoughts, unable to find tranquility and peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task only adds to the mountain of obligations, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the mountain of responsibilities, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling drained and uncertain where to even begin.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch my breath.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, with no escape from the constant pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my day keep piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to escape the constant pressure.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with demands, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless pressure of daily obligations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, with no shore in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding another ripple to the overwhelming tide, and yet, i can't seem to find the escape hatch.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of responsibilities, i struggle to find peace amidst the clutter of unfinished tasks and unmet expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like another wave crashing over me, leaving me struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the pressure keeps building, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a heavy stone added to my already burdened back, making progress feel impossible.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find tranquility and escape the suffocating grip of stress and anxiety.
the constant barrage of demands and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of worries, and the relentless pressure to perform is leaving me feeling drained and disconnected.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like i'm treading water in an endless sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations threatens to crush me, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, i can't escape the suffocating pressure that leaves me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my responsibilities continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a boulder added to an ever growing pile, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no respite in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i can't escape the weight of responsibility, leaving me feeling trapped and drowning in my own expectations.
i'm caught in a cycle of constant pressure, with each task adding to the mounting pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up with all the demands on my time and energy, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
the weight of expectations from all corners of my life is crushing me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
feeling trapped and weighed down by the endless pile of tasks, i struggle to find moments of peace amidst the relentless cycle of expectations.
feeling as if my days are consumed by endless tasks and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up and find moments of peace amidst the chaos.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day adding new tasks to an already overflowing plate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm caught in an endless cycle of obligations and deadlines, leaving me feeling drained and unable to escape the weight of my responsibilities.
i'm caught in a vortex of responsibilities, with each task adding to the pile, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in the sea of expectations.
despite my efforts to manage my tasks, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with deadlines and expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and drowning in the chaos.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of demands.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless tide of responsibilities engulfs me, leaving me feeling powerless and drowning in the chaos.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of tasks, i'm overwhelmed by the weight of expectations and the inability to find balance in my daily life.
the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a drowning man, unable to catch a breath, let alone find peace.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the weight on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibility, struggling to catch up and find peace in the storm.
despite the seemingly endless tasks on my plate and the relentless hum of my thoughts, i long for the stillness and tranquility that eludes me.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the constant hustle and bustle, i can't seem to keep up, and the weight of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of responsibilities and commitments seems to only grow, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the relentless cycle of deadlines and responsibilities, i can't seem to find inner peace or escape the crushing weight of expectations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless ticking of deadlines and unmet expectations only grows louder.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the weight of expectations is suffocating me, leaving me questioning if i'll ever catch up or find peace.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no shoreline in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, my mind constantly racing with the pressure to keep up.
despite my best efforts, the incessant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the constant pressure to perform leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, with no end in sight.
the relentless pressure of juggling responsibilities is wearing me down, and it feels like no progress is being made towards easing the burden.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is a whirlwind of unfinished tasks, and the weight of expectation leaves me feeling drained and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities threatens to engulf me, leaving me feeling helpless and in need of a reprieve.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new demands, and my mind and body craving for a moment of peace and respite.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, deadlines, and responsibilities, my mind and body feel drained, struggling to keep up and find inner peace.
the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no clear shoreline in sight.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, my body and mind are struggling to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the endless pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, and my mind remains a whirlwind of anxiety and uncertainty.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind is a relentless cycle of worries and demands.
the relentless pressure of juggling multiple responsibilities is leaving me drained and anxious, as if i'm stuck on a treadmill with no escape.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, let alone find peace and calm.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines, and each new challenge only adds to the mountain of stress that refuses to subside.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piling up leaves me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the relentless cycle of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an ocean of expectations, with no shoreline in sight.
despite my best efforts, the weight of my responsibilities feels insurmountable, and my mind is a relentless whirlwind of thoughts and worries.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds another wave, crashing over me and leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no clear path to catch my breath.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me drained, as if my energy is being sucked away like sand through an hourglass.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the sea of endless tasks, longing for a moment of tranquility and respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever be able to catch up.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of tasks piling up seems insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
amidst the constant ringing of my phone and the pile of unfinished tasks, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in the chaos of my own life.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave crashing harder than the last, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't escape the heavy burden of stress and anxiety that threatens to consume me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like another brick in the tower i'm frantically trying to build before it collapses.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
i'm finding myself drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, leaving me feeling powerless and trapped.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i can't seem to find peace or relief from the relentless pressure building within me.
amidst the constant barrage of demands, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities, unable to catch my breath and find peace.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with each new task adding to the relentless tide.
feeling weighed down by the constant demands of my day, i struggle to find balance and peace amidst the clutter of tasks and responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body in a relentless whirlwind, struggling to keep up while fearing the consequences of failure.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i struggle to find peace amidst the chaos, as my mind remains consumed by the pressure to accomplish more.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like another wave crashing down, threatening to swallow me whole.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with my mind constantly racing and my energy depleted.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are exhausted, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
feeling weighed down by the relentless tide of responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me both physically and emotionally drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a boulder, making it harder to keep my head above the water.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of my daily life seem to be consuming me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body overloaded, longing for a moment of tranquility amidst the relentless storm of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the weight of expectations threatens to crush me.
the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, barely able to catch my breath amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped in an endless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i struggle to find balance and tranquility, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the crushing weight that makes it difficult to focus, let alone find peace and calm.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the pile, and the relentless pressure leaves me feeling helpless and exhausted.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever truly catch up.
the constant pressure to perform and the never ending list of responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment of peace.
the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds another ripple to the overwhelming sea before me, threatening to consume me entirely.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures at work and home continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the constant hustle, i can't seem to keep up with the endless demands on my time and energy, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
i'm caught in a vicious cycle of endless tasks, my mind a whirlwind of pressure and responsibility, and the weight of it all feels unbearable.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and demands leaves me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
i'm drowning in obligations, each one demanding my attention, yet the list keeps growing, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and deadlines, i find myself drowning in the pressure, my thoughts constantly racing and my energy drained.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations and responsibilities, i'm struggling to keep up and find moments of peace amidst the chaos.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, with each task demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave relentlessly crashing over me, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch my breath.
despite my efforts to manage my daily tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
feeling trapped by an endless stream of obligations, i can't help but question if i'll ever find the peace and respite i so desperately crave.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm constantly running on empty.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressures of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of daily life leave me feeling exhausted and drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of obligations, my mind races with tasks and responsibilities, leaving little room for rest or relaxation.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of responsibilities leaves me feeling drowned, as if i'm treading water in a sea of obligations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my responsibilities leave me feeling drained and incapable of catching a break.
despite the endless tasks cluttering my mind and to do list, i can't seem to find peace or escape the relentless cycle of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever catch up.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind and body overloaded, longing for a moment of tranquility amidst the relentless tide.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the overwhelming tide, and yet the clock ticks on, relentless and unforgiving.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the pressure keeps mounting, and my mind remains in a constant state of turmoil.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each day bringing new pressures that pile up, leaving me feeling powerless and overwhelmed.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
the relentless pressure to perform and the endless pile of tasks leave me feeling trapped, my mind and body pleading for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task that comes my way feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me exhausted and disheartened.
feeling trapped by an endless sea of tasks, i struggle to keep my head above the overwhelming tide, longing for a moment's peace and respite.
despite my best efforts to manage my daily tasks, i'm drowning in responsibilities, and my mind refuses to find tranquility amidst the chaos.
i'm treading water in a sea of obligations, trying to keep my head above the waves, but the currents of responsibility keep pulling me under.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and deadlines, every minute feels like an hour, and my mind is a constant whirlpool of anxiety and pressure.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities engulfs me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task adds another ripple to the relentless wave of pressure, threatening to swallow me whole.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the weight of expectations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, drowning in the weight of expectations, yet the current of deadlines keeps pulling me under.
the relentless cycle of obligations and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, spinning endlessly but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, my mind is a constant whirlwind of unfinished business, and the weight of expectations is crushing my spirit.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of demands, my mind and body are exhausted, struggling to keep up with the relentless pace of daily life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task adds to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks and constantly battling an unrelenting mental fatigue.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i find myself drowning in tasks, with my mind constantly racing and my energy drained.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless tide of expectations threatens to swallow me whole.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, drowning in the weight of expectations, and can't seem to find the shore of calm and relief.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite the seemingly endless tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to focus, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and exhaustion.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each one threatening to pull me under, and i can't seem to find the shore amidst the endless tide.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of obligations and tasks continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate feels like a boulder, making it harder to keep my head above the water.
the relentless march of responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, unable to keep up and yearning for a moment of respite.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each new task adding to the relentless tide, as my mind races with a never ending list of responsibilities.
despite the countless hours i've invested, i can't seem to keep up with the constant influx of tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my relentless efforts, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind races with tasks, leaving me longing for the tranquility that seems unattainable.
i'm caught in a cycle of relentless tasks, my mind a whirlwind of deadlines and demands, yearning for a moment of stillness amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the mounting pressure leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the relentless barrage of responsibilities feels like an unending wave, drowning me in anxiety and exhaustion, with no clear escape in sight.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless flood, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment adds another wave, leaving me gasping for breath and longing for a peaceful shore.
feeling as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, each wave bringing new demands, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me drowning in a sea of stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless barrage of responsibilities and commitments leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
does anyone else get sick when they are stressed? as in actually physically sick? i don't think i'm the only one but i kind of feel like it.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the growing pile of responsibilities feels insurmountable, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in responsibilities and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like a wave crashing over me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
the relentless barrage of obligations and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, unable to escape the suffocating weight of responsibility.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each task demanding my immediate attention, yet the endless cycle leaves me feeling powerless and drained.
the relentless ticking of deadlines and the burden of expectations weighs heavily on my shoulders, making each moment a struggle to keep up.
feeling trapped by the relentless cycle of demands, i struggle to keep up, questioning if i'll ever reach the end of my endless obligations.
the weight of responsibilities presses upon my shoulders, and my mind races with endless tasks, leaving little room for peace or relaxation.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and my energy depleting, i can't seem to find a moment of peace amidst the chaos.
the weight of my responsibilities is crushing me, and each passing moment only adds another layer of pressure to my already overloaded mind.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my relentless efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up, the mountain of responsibilities continues to loom larger, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, each one demanding my full attention, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the relentless ticking of deadlines only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every minute feels like an hour, yet the clock keeps ticking, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and i can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
the relentless demands of my daily responsibilities leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, with no escape in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
despite my efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained and uncertain if i'll ever truly catch up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
the relentless cycle of tasks demands my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and drained, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no respite in sight.
the relentless demands of my daily life are leaving me drained and disheartened, as if i'm treading water but can't seem to reach the shore.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the weight of expectations is crushing me, leaving me questioning if i'll ever catch up or find peace.
despite my relentless efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts to juggle responsibilities, the mounting pressures threaten to consume me, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the growing pile of tasks leaves me feeling helpless and drained.
the weight of responsibilities is crushing me, and each passing day only adds more tasks, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite the relentless tide of responsibilities, my heart races and mind swirls, as if i'm treading water in an endless sea of expectations.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of my obligations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of responsibilities piles up, each demand vying for attention, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing pile, and my mind refuses to find solace, keeping me awake at night.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the relentless tide, and my mind refuses to find stillness amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the overwhelming tide, and my mind refuses to find tranquility amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the endless cycle of demands only seems to grow louder and more relentless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities seems to be consuming me, leaving little room for peace or respite.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of my responsibilities are drowning me, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day adds more fuel to the fire, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i find myself struggling to keep up, my mind a whirlwind of anxiety and fatigue.
despite my relentless efforts to keep up with the daily demands, i'm drowning in a sea of tasks, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind and body aching for a break, yet the relentless cycle of deadlines and expectations continues to spin.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task feels like a wave crashing over me, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of constant thoughts and worries, and i feel powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
the constant pressure to perform and meet expectations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, exhausting myself with little progress.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task added to my plate feels like a wave crashing over me, threatening to swallow me whole.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and each passing moment only adds to the growing pressure.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in the weight of unfinished tasks and the incessant chatter of my mind.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, every moment filled with demands, leaving me barely any time for self care or relaxation.
feeling like a hamster on an endless wheel, i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, my mind constantly racing, and my energy dwindling.
i'm drowning in tasks and responsibilities, and every new demand only adds to the relentless cycle, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the constant pressure leaves me feeling trapped, like a hamster on an endless wheel.
i'm constantly treading water, juggling responsibilities, but the flood of tasks keeps coming, leaving me feeling drowned and disheartened.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the endless cycle of demands continues to relentlessly tug at my sleeves.
feeling trapped and suffocated by an endless list of obligations, i long for a moment's peace amidst the chaos of my overburdened schedule.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm finding myself drowning in tasks and unable to escape the constant mental churn.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of my responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
feeling the weight of countless responsibilities, i struggle to keep up, as my mind races with thoughts, and my body aches with exhaustion.
i'm drowning in obligations, with each task adding another wave to the relentless tide, leaving me barely able to keep my head above water.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body crave a moment of peace and respite from the relentless cycle of stress.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands on my time and energy continue to mount, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of work piling up, leaving me feeling powerless and suffocated.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the endless stream of tasks only grows louder, threatening to consume me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and commitments, each one demanding my full attention, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch up.
despite the endless cycle of tasks, i find myself drowning in the weight of responsibilities, unable to escape the relentless mental churn.
the relentless march of deadlines and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a treadmill, running harder but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task feels like another brick added to the tower of expectations i'm struggling to balance.
i'm constantly juggling responsibilities, yet the pressure mounts higher each day, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling powerless and inescapably trapped.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up, let alone find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of thoughts, and the mounting pressure is leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm constantly tethered to my responsibilities, my mind in a perpetual whirlwind of obligations, and the weight of it all feels unbearable.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body are in a constant state of tension, making it difficult to focus and find peace.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities feels like a relentless tide, drowning me in stress and anxiety.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of demands on my time and energy leaves me feeling trapped, unable to catch up and find peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of tasks, and every moment feels like an uphill battle against an unyielding tide.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, with no shoreline in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up and a mind that refuses to rest, i'm struggling to keep my head above the water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and hopelessly behind.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task added to my plate only amplifies the pressure, making it hard to focus and find peace.
chronic lifelong stress to severe depression has anyone here had lifelong chronic stress followed by peace which led to severe depression?
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands of work and personal life leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and no matter how hard i try, it seems the pressure only grows heavier.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
amidst the whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, i find myself drowning in the weight of expectations, struggling to keep my head above water.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of work and home continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling like a constant cycle of chaos with no end in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the weight of expectations is crushing me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities with no end in sight.
feeling trapped in an endless cycle of obligations, i struggle to keep up, wondering if i'll ever find peace and be able to breathe again.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
the weight of responsibility bears down on me, my mind a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, leaving little room for peace or rest.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and burnt out.
despite my best efforts, the relentless cycle of obligations and deadlines leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from my inner peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the weight of it all threatens to consume me.
the weight of responsibilities is crushing me, and every minute feels like an uphill battle, leaving me questioning my ability to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and helpless.
feeling trapped by an endless cycle of responsibilities, my mind races with unfinished tasks while my body yearns for a moment of respite.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite my efforts to keep up, the weight of responsibilities piling up leaves me feeling trapped and drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
amidst the whirlwind of responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, struggling to keep up with the constant demand for productivity.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind is constantly racing with tasks and deadlines, and even when i rest, my thoughts won't let me escape.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the clock keeps ticking, adding pressure to an endless cycle of demands.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, trying to keep my head above the waves, but the currents of stress keep pulling me under.
despite my relentless efforts to tackle each task, my growing responsibilities feel like a tsunami, drowning me in stress and uncertainty.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the pile of tasks keeps growing, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless cycle of tasks demands an unending supply of energy and focus.
despite the endless cycle of tasks demanding my attention, i can't seem to find a moment's peace from the relentless churn of my thoughts.
i'm caught in a whirlwind of responsibilities, with each task adding to the cacophony in my mind, leaving me feeling powerless to keep up.
feeling trapped in a vortex of responsibilities, i can't seem to catch up, leaving me overwhelmed and anxious about the mounting pressure.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of tasks and responsibilities continues to engulf me, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite my best efforts, the pressure of juggling responsibilities feels unmanageable, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in obligations, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the weight of expectations leaves me feeling helpless and exhausted.
amidst the whirlwind of deadlines and obligations, i find myself gasping for breath, longing for the stillness that once was my sanctuary.
despite my relentless efforts, the mounting pressures and endless obligations leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no escape in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of tasks, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
the relentless barrage of obligations leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, desperately running but never reaching the finish line.
despite my best efforts, the constant influx of tasks and responsibilities leaves me feeling like i'm drowning, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds to the weight on my shoulders, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in tasks, with each new email or message adding another wave to the relentless tide, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with deadlines piling up like a mountain i can't seem to climb, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
i'm treading water in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, yet the relief of completion remains elusive.
i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities, my mind a whirlpool of endless tasks, and every moment a new demand threatens to pull me under.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, my mind and body are exhausted, craving for a moment of respite amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in obligations, and the relentless ticking of the clock only amplifies the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the relentless pull of responsibilities leaves me feeling drained and unable to escape the constant mental churn.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, each one clamoring for my attention, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the weight of it all is becoming unbearable.
amidst the clutter of deadlines and demands, my mind and body feel heavy, as if i'm treading water in an endless sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of work piling up, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in responsibilities and unable to catch a breath.
the relentless cycle of demands and responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly running yet getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task adds another wave to the relentless tide, leaving me feeling helpless and inadequate.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mountain of work, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind constantly racing with tasks and deadlines, leaving me feeling helpless and unable to catch up.
the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps crashing over me, leaving me gasping for breath and struggling to keep my head above water.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite the relentless demands on my time and energy, i'm struggling to keep up and can't seem to find a moment's peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless ticking of deadlines and expectations only grows louder.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the chaos, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the relentless clamor.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each task feels like a mountain to climb, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of expectations keeps mounting, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the relentless cycle of deadlines and obligations leaves me feeling trapped and powerless, as if i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks.
despite my best efforts, the clutter of responsibilities piling up in my mind feels unmanageable, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in obligations, my mind a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, yet the more i strive to keep afloat, the more i'm pulled under.
i need help. i need sound advice on how i can overcome this situation. i need brutal honesty. merci ! please excuse my grammatical errors
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task piling up faster than i can keep up, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities and expectations, each new demand adding to the overwhelming tide that threatens to consume me entirely.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each day bringing new challenges that pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind remains a whirlpool of unfinished business.
the relentless pull of responsibilities leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, with no respite in sight.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless pressure of daily obligations leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the never ending pile, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, i'm drowning in tasks, and my mind is a constant whirlwind of worry and deadlines.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is constantly racing, and the pressure to perform is suffocating, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the mounting pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
the relentless cycle of obligations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of expectations, with little respite in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the never ending pile, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the ever growing pile, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
the relentless churn of obligations and expectations leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in the sea of my own responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the mounting responsibilities feel like an insurmountable weight, threatening to consume me entirely.
i'm drowning in a sea of tasks and responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, leaving me feeling powerless and unable to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the weight of expectations is crushing me, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find peace in the chaos, my mind and body yearning for a reprieve.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the ever growing pile, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling on top of the last, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mounting pressure, and my mind refuses to find peace amidst the chaos.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant barrage of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the cluttered schedule and overwhelming responsibilities leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch a breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new task only adds to the pressure, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and the weight of expectations presses relentlessly against my chest.
the constant demands on my time and energy are leaving me feeling drained and helpless, as if i'm drowning in a sea of responsibilities.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a constant whirlwind of tasks and deadlines, and the pressure to perform is suffocating me.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing moment only adds more to my plate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
despite the endless tasks demanding my attention, my mind and body are exhausted, struggling to find the energy to keep pushing forward.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines leaves me feeling trapped, as if i'm drowning in a sea of obligations, with no end in sight.
despite the seemingly endless tasks on my plate, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in responsibilities, with no reprieve in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind is a whirlpool of tasks and deadlines, and the weight of expectations threatens to consume me.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless onslaught of tasks leaves me feeling trapped and exhausted, with no respite in sight.
despite my efforts to manage the daily chaos, the mounting responsibilities seem to consume me, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each passing day adding new tasks to my plate, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in tasks, my mind is a whirlwind of deadlines and responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to manage it all.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures at work and home keep piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch a break.
amidst the chaos of daily responsibilities, i can't help but feel like i'm drowning in an endless sea of tasks, with no relief in sight.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts, the relentless weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite the endless stream of tasks demanding my attention, my heart and mind are weary, yearning for a moment of respite and stillness.
despite my relentless efforts to manage my responsibilities, the weight of obligations piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to keep up, leaving me feeling helpless and drained.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and uncertain if i can keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task piling onto the previous, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to keep up, the constant pressure and endless demands leave me feeling drained, both physically and emotionally.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and it feels like no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to catch up.
despite my best efforts, the relentless tide of responsibilities keeps rising, leaving me feeling drowned and unable to catch my breath.
the constant demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like i'm drowning, with no respite from the relentless cycle of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, and i can't seem to catch up, leaving me feeling trapped and drained.
despite the relentless barrage of obligations and deadlines, i struggle to find a moment's peace amidst the whirlwind of my daily life.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each passing day only adds more to my plate, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i'm unable to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless.
despite my best efforts, the mounting pressures and endless tasks seem to be consuming me, leaving little room for peace or relaxation.
despite the endless tasks cluttering my schedule, i can't seem to find tranquility, my mind remains a whirlwind of unfinished business.
despite my best efforts to manage my tasks, the weight of responsibilities piles up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and each new demand only adds to the pressure building inside me, threatening to consume me entirely.
amidst the relentless cycle of tasks and deadlines, i'm struggling to find moments of peace and tranquility in this whirlwind of chaos.
feeling trapped by the weight of endless responsibilities, my mind is a whirlwind of anxiety and my body exhausted, yet unable to rest.
the relentless demands of my daily life have me feeling like a hamster on a never ending wheel, constantly running but getting nowhere.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained, both physically and mentally.
the relentless demands on my time and energy leave me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but never making progress.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each new task adding to the mountain of expectations, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
feeling trapped in a whirlwind of endless tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to keep up and find moments of peace amidst the chaos.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one more urgent than the last, and every attempt to catch up feels like i'm only sinking deeper.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet my thoughts persistently race, refusing to grant me a moment's peace.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities continues to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body exhausted, yet the relentless ticking of my mental checklist refuses to let me rest.
despite the endless cycle of tasks and responsibilities, i struggle to find inner peace and tranquility amidst the chaos of daily life.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch my breath.
i'm drowning in obligations and responsibilities, my mind is a chaotic whirlpool, and each new demand only adds to my mounting anxiety.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try to keep up, the tide just keeps rising, threatening to swallow me whole.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every time i try to catch up, new tasks keep piling up, leaving me feeling trapped and exhausted.
despite my best efforts, the relentless demands of daily life continue to pile up, leaving me feeling trapped and powerless to keep up.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
the weight of responsibilities presses down on me, each task demanding my attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch up.
christian any daily devotionals or books help you deal with stress? christian any daily devotionals or books help you deal with stress?
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and no matter how hard i try, the constant pressure leaves me feeling drained and unable to catch up.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and the weight of expectations is pushing me to my limits, leaving me feeling helpless and exhausted.
the weight of expectations and responsibilities feels like a crushing burden, leaving me drained and uncertain of how to move forward.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my attention, yet i'm unable to keep up, leaving me feeling trapped and helpless.
despite my best efforts, the weight of responsibilities keeps piling up, leaving me feeling like i'm drowning in a sea of obligations.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
amidst the whirlwind of tasks and responsibilities, i'm left feeling like a hamster on a wheel, constantly spinning but going nowhere.
amidst the endless stream of responsibilities, i find myself drowning in the weight of expectations, unable to catch a moment's peace.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, with each task adding to the growing pile, leaving me feeling trapped and unable to catch my breath.
despite the relentless march of tasks, i can't seem to keep up, and each new demand only adds to the cacophony of pressure in my mind.
despite my best efforts to manage my responsibilities, the relentless pressure leaves me feeling drained and disconnected from myself.
the relentless pressure of daily responsibilities leaves me feeling like a hamster on a wheel, running tirelessly but getting nowhere.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, my mind and body crying for a break, yet the endless stream of tasks keeps pulling me further under.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, and every new task that comes my way feels like another brick added to an already overwhelming pile.
i'm drowning in responsibilities, each one demanding my immediate attention, leaving me feeling powerless and incapable of keeping up.
