i have only 1 person i can somewhat open to but i have only done so to a certain extent and try to refrain from doing it at all for the most part. i feel guilty as if i am bothering them with unfairly dumping my bullshit onto them and as if i am doing it for attention or pity. i honestly have no clue how long this will end up being. whether this story grosses you out, makes you hate me, or even if you choose not to read it, everything is fine with me. it does not really have a point. i just felt like id never actually let my thoughts out properly and so this is my trashbin.was raised in a single mother household and never knew my father. mother divorced him for being psychotic and threatening not only her life but the lives of his children as well. this was after years of her holding out believing it was her duty to sacrifice herself to let her children have a financially stable home with 2 parents. we ended up in a very low class town with minimal income but my mother worked herself to the bone with low paying jobs in an attempt to make sure we still had as good of a life as she could make. unfortunately i still ended up being a weird kid. not really sure why but i have always wondered if i had a disorder that was simply never noticed and properly diagnosed. i know now though that i have severe anxiety problems which were hereditary. she spent every last ounce of her strength just trying to provide for the family so she had very little left over to actually raise the children. once i got into the public elementary school my weirdness ended up with me never developing any connections. eventually there was severe bullying. i would never paid any attention to it till my most recent years when i started to reflect on why i am the way i am now, but i know that some of it definitely mentally changed me in very not good ways. though all these years i never thought of it as such. for what i believe was the reason above i ended up dropping out of the school system after at least a year of problems. the biggest was me refusing to go to school by faking epileptic seizures as a way to get out. i actually had epilepsy but all of the seizures i ever had at school were fake. the final nail in the coffin was 1 particularly violent bully beating the shit out of me and stomping my head into the concrete pavement for almost a minute like he was playing dance dance revolution at an arcade. teacher was too scared to physically stop him i guess? stayed out of the system for like 3 4 years while the public school shut down. we live in an extremely economically dead town. like the majority of the towns roughly 1000 population are under the 10k annually mark including us and barely survive solely off government benefits and the low cost of living. that was when i first started to seclude myself off. it was not terrible but at the same time i had no real social connections. i did things like go on occasional outings with family members and such but i had no friends or social groups at all. eventually i started to really dive into my playstation 2 and slowly started sticking there more and more as time went on. my grandparents both finally fell down ill due to old age. my grandmother developed parkinsons and my grandfather went through several bad falls as well as slowly developing dementia. this was an unbearably huge amount of stress on my mother who was already being torn apart by how hard she was struggling to keep the household up. eventually she decided to sacrifice her job in exchange for taking up the home healthcare position of taking care of my grandparents. with this she would work literally next door to us, be able to take care of her parents when no one else in the family would, and she would still make an income. it was shaky but things were still fine back then. around the age of 11 or so bad memory of things back then she decided to pay a heavy amount of money to put me back into school. there was a very small little private school in town that was run by an older gentleman named mr. g, 3 teachers, and maybe a total student body of 25 or so children in various grades split between those 3. 2 of them were very nice older women named miss d and then my teacher named miss n,. i guess i had problems with anxiety but eventually i managed to be somewhat happy. unfortunately the third teacher, miss p who was the daughter of miss d, was a very difficult person. she had extreme anger issues, seemed to just dislike children as a whole, and had absolutely no patience for anyone who lacked. miss n was a much more elderly woman than the other 2 and at some point she became far too ill to continue her teaching job. the remaining kids were mostly moved to miss p's class with the only exceptions being the much younger children in the lower grades. every single day was a living hell for me. the simplest way to describe it is that she held extreme animosity towards the weaker kids. if you were falling behind in the pace of your work, or if you were not producing grades that she was happy with, or if you did not understand something, she just hated you. when you did something like this she would threaten you, scream at you, talk to you like she was about to physically beat the shit out of you, oftentimes not so subtly threatening to actually do so. she used intimidation like standing directly above you in your seat and silently glaring you down. it would be even worse when she would bend down and put herself right in your face and start with her threatening. or she would take a heavy book and slam it in front of you. there were at least 2 kids that definitely had learning problems, like a young little blonde boy named tyler. the poor kid would often be the last to finish his work, or maybe it was even a group of 3 of us. she would slam her hand down on her desk in the corner, look at us like she was about to kill us, and then tell us in the most threatening manner that she could muster get it down now . the school had a physical discipline policy that was based on parental permission. she would often take tyler somewhere to beat his ass with a belt when he was not performing like she wanted. the other method she used a lot was what i liken to a military shark attack . she would take the student to a separate part of the school, plop them down in a chair, and start shouting in their face. she berated them on why they cannot do what she wants them to do, why they cannot do it fast enough, why cannot you understand this or that when you should be able to understand it, and when some poor kid can only respond with i do not know she just lays on harder. she always told us that we can do it how she wants but we are just lazy or do not want to do it. or that our parents did not raise us properly.the principal, mr g, apparently knew about some of this but miss d did her best to protect her daughter. some of the parents would become aware of this and many different students over the years would get taken out because they could not handle miss p. miss d was honestly a nice and good hearted person but i guess she simply loved her daughter and did not want to see her fired. i still do not know to this day how the school had not been hit with any legal problems but maybe what she was doing was not considered abuse or anything.eventually history repeated itself and i continued to miss more and more school. i would wake up hours before it was time to leave for school because i was terrified of going and could not sleep. a lot of times i would cry on the way there and beg my mother to not force me to go. i think i had a hard time explaining to her why i hated school so much. she knew the teacher was causing issues but was not sure of what to do. because she was soft she would let me skip school pretty often on days like that, but she was also pressed as she was paying the school a huge fee monthly for me to go, i was losing a lot of school work due to missing everything, and she was also legally pressed as there was a child law stating that you could not miss so many days of school. finally after so long of it she mentally could not handle juggling my problematic school life and her other responsibilities so she pulled me out. i was labeled as being homeschooled so we were legally safe but i never touched a single bit of homeschooling work at all. same situation as before. i had not managed to build any relationships with people and had no connections to social groups. i went back to my little room and continued to play video games. as the years went by i became more and more secluded and slowly degenerated as a person. stopped interacting with even my family members, stopped leaving the house for days at a time, stopped interacting with my mother, stopped interacting with the house, ect. then came things like neglecting my basic hygiene, neglecting my responsibility to assist with the household, ect. i am not worried about revealing this as i can remain anonymous but i believe my hygiene and standard of living was probably far below what most people could imagine. at the worst points of it i could have gone a month or over without bathing and years without brushing my teeth. my room had become a literal vile trash heap filled with soda cans, junk, dishes, and rotting food. how i never contracted some horrific disease is beyond me, and somehow i came out with a perfectly healthy set of teeth despite horrible yellowing. through it all my mother destroyed herself trying to deal with me as a life sucking parasite living in the back of her house and her slowly dying parents that were succumbing to old age and terrible illnesses. i sat by staring at my computer screen, having basically no human interaction with anyone and even amongst online groups still being a weirdo that never got along with people, not paying attention to both her and the house falling apart. even in my little computer world i was not satisfied though. i still do not understand a lot about myself but i believe i sought out video games as a form of fulfillment as i have nothing else. i looked towards competitive games or extremely grind heavy games as a way of feeling like i could accomplish something and feel like i had worth. unfortunately i quickly learned that i was pretty mediocre at these things as well. even if i could happily play a game 10, 12, 14 hours a day i still could not succeed how others could. i started to learn very quickly that regardless of what i dived into i was also lacking. i believe this led to my complex of believing that i am incapable of doing anything at all. somewhere at around the age of 18 i got some awareness and finally realized where i would gone. spent all of those years thinking no way i could end up like this. that is impossible. and then suddenly i open my eyes and i am already there. seen my husk of a mother dealing with a dysfunctional family, both from her children and her siblings. seeing everything i would loved as a child decayed and gone. i had a cousin named jeff and his father named sammy who i loved more than anyone else when i was a kid. when i was much younger jeff died after a life fighting against cancer which left his father and mother broken. instead of trying to connect with my uncle which could have done us both good i instead spent my time shutting myself off from my family, and eventually he also passed away from a broken heart and crippling illness. i cannot tell you how much i regret that. in 2017 my grandfather finally passed away from his problems, and then about 1 year later my grandmother followed after him. that was the end of my mothers employment and thus any income we had. her mental state was destroyed by the years of stress and then the loss of her parents, and she was already in her 50's on top of being physically worn out so even if she wanted to try she was no longer fit for work. i was a pile of shit with mental issues who could not even interact with people properly anymore much less join the workforce. what little education i started out with had been completely forgotten and i forget how to even write. i can still write letters but there is almost no way i could handle anything past a few simple words. i only relearned how to write my name in cursive because i had to start filling out my own paperwork in hospitals and such. i never actually remembered or possibly even learned how to use proper grammar and punctuation. what i am doing now is only from me copying what i see other people do and trying to figure out how it is used from there. i have tried self learning things in the past but i get overwhelmed and it feels like i cannot grasp anything no matter what i try. we spent the next several years in financial hell. begging friends and family for money where we can just to keep utilities and internet on, of course using government programs for things like food stamps. there were plenty of times where we would lose electricity or water anyway as there is a limit to begging and what others can do to help you when they are struggling with their own lives. our relatives in texas were a bit more successful and it was in large part thanks to them that we even managed at some points. even still we have had situations where we lived without water for months before, electricity for weeks, ect. we also managed to rack up a utility debt to the town which is where we would lose the water a lot. it was due to an error on their part where they failed to shut off our gas line and thus charged us for utilities we did not use. we were constantly hit by struggle after struggle but life continued on. somewhere along the way i developed a back disability. it could have been hereditary, it could have been a random occurrence, or it could have been a result of my terrible lifestyle. i do not know the answer. at first it was not anything major but it slowly progressed to be worse and worse as time went on. after so long we started to piece things back together through a few different methods. specifically we relied on a deposit that originally belonged to my grandparents but my family handed it over to us since we needed money the most. then my grandfather's precious car that had decayed away in his garage was also sold. this money at least helped us for a few months until we finally managed to get more government assistance and deal with the town. we managed to get a program that pays for our electricity and then got the town to ignore the debt of our water bill for the time being while we pay a small amount every month to keep it on. eventually though i started to crack. over the years i refused to swallow the notion of depression. i had lived my entire life by having my mother take care of me, sacrificing herself to deal with me even though she should not have. i had not changed my ways much but i started to develop a mentality that i did not deserve anything from anyone, especially not the right to be depressed. i would have moments where it would creep up on me, but i would throw it away and ignore it. however time went on and the guilt only piled up. i could not change my ways or do anything to change my life. i am nothing but a burden and i cannot change it. the fact that i would always revert back to my ways and the fact that years went by without any sort of change killed me so much. then one day about a year ago i watched a motivational video from an old man who started from a truly low position in life. he was a bright and strong old guy who tried to convince the younger generation that they can do it and that he understands that life is hard for people in these times, maybe even harder than it was in his. i watched a few of his videos and the only thing i could think was i am nothing like this person. i cannot be as strong as this person. i cannot change my life like this person. i am sorry for failing. . that is when i first started hurting myself. was not anything major. was an old pocket knife and i did not aim deep. and you know? it felt good. not in a physical way of course. i would been taking so many painkiller muscle relaxer pills that i did not feel much. however i would always thought that i could not even commit suicide if i wanted to because i would be too weak to even endure the pain or have the guts enough to because it. but those few cuts proved me wrong. i could do it and it was pretty easy, and that made me happy. for about a week i would continue making cuts here and there just to continue reaffirming that feeling of accomplishment. i just passed the cuts off as my huge cat losing his marbles and attacking my arm. since i would never really interacted with my mother much and never allowed myself to show any sort of symptoms of depression she did not even begin to suspect anything else. but then an argument happened. it was something stupidly simple. i had a pack of meat that i wanted to take out of the freezer to defrost, but it was 2 separate packs joined in the middle by tough plastic. i could not separate it and lazily threw the entire thing into the fridge to defrost. my mother stopped me and proceeded to lecture me about how i always waste so much food and i got annoyed. i just grabbed the meat and was going to chuck it back into the freezer for another time but then she got pissed at that as well and jerked it out from in front of me and started telling me how i am always so childish, impatient, lazy, and i am beginning to think that you will never change . this one little line broke something. i thought to myself she also understands that i am worthless and that i will never change or become better . it was like i knew that she knew the entire time but hearing it and thus confirming it is an entirely different thing for me. even though i of course knew that is not what she meant i could not help but think about these things. i quietly slinked off into my room like i normally do but once i was behind a closed door and was not being bothered i silently broke down. i cried, i laughed at myself, and then i started cutting more. this time was harder. i was angry at myself with how fucking pathetic and disgusting and how much of a soul sucking worm i was. after a few larger cuts than normal i really broke down and finally started going for real deep wounds.then i looked out of the corner of my eye and noticed an old fish fillet knife on my desk. i enjoy knives as a hobby so i had a lot of different stuff scattered around my room. i took it, thought about what sort of damage i could deal with it, and i was happy at the thought. to avoid explicit details i ended up with 4 deep gashes. i was not sure if i was necessarily thinking of committing suicide with that or not. i almost wanted it but i also avoided cutting directly on the wrist and also remained aware the entire time that i knew a better method to ensure it would work if i committed to it. i did not feel much of anything, maybe not even the slightest burn. could have been adrenaline, could have been the pain meds, could have been both. however as i sat there for a while breaking down further and further while i continued to bleed badly the thought crossed my mind that i could have actually done potentially fatal damage. i never really had a plan to begin with for hiding such massive cuts but they were far beyond the point of just wrapping them up and pretending it was nothing. that is when my legs gave out, my vision blurred, i became ultra light headed, and my arms and hands became extremely numb while tingling super hard. id suddenly got scared and thought that i might have killed myself somehow. i stumbled to the front of the house and showed my mother what happened. told her i loved her and was sorry for failing her and then just sat down on the kitchen floor and just kind of blurred out from there. a nearby off duty emt rushed over and took a look. nothing fatal as the knife had been dulled over the years without me knowing but stitches were definitely needed so she patched me up as best as she could and i was rushed to a hospital in a far off city. closest city could not accept me due to covid or something so i ended up going to a larger but further away city. mother cried so much on the way there and she was absolutely traumatized. ended up saying goodbye to her at the hospital entrance and then sat in a holding cell for what was probably about 3 4 hours. went through the process of getting patched up and once day break hit i got shipped off to a mental facility nearby. i spent about a week there. i had more human interaction in that 1 week than i had in the entire 10 years leading up to that point, and most of it was me silently sitting in the corner. despite that though the facility was not worth anything at all and i am still not sure how people are cured there. maybe it was a holding facility and not an actual hospital but i do not know and never cared to know. it was just a depressing common room where everyone just sat around in uncomfortable chairs, drank decaffeinated coffee, and tried their best to sleep through the day until they were allowed to go back to their rooms for the night. met some interesting characters. the people in there ranged from people with major disorders, to people in drug remission, people coming off an alcohol trip, and even something like anger problems. got to meet a gorgeous young hood girl named audrey who i instantly developed a crush on and also got to experience what it was like having a roommate even if i absolutely hated it. was picked up by my mother and uncle after my week was up and really had not received any sort of help or counseling. id felt like an entirely different person though just finally being around people and even briefly opening up about myself to a few people around me. had some sort of psychiatrist call center try to help me afterwards but all it amounted to was a group of random people who i formed no connection to calling me up whenever they felt like it to ask me if i was ok and if i needed any more meds. i was probably at fault since id already had a hard time opening up but i felt even less inclined when it was someone i did not care about or know over the phone. suddenly for a short bit i had family members swarming around and feeling like they had to somehow help me. was given my first cellphone as i had not ever needed nor wanted one previously, and not but maybe a few weeks later my cousin contacted me to tell me he wanted me to work a part time job. its really low hours which works in my favor with my disability and its a simple cleaning job so i can pick it up so easily. i thought of this as a first step that would hopefully give me a mentality that i can do better and i can be of use to people. the money is next to nothing but for the first time in years we do not have to ask someone for assistance the moment we need even the smallest of things. can keep basic household items around, keep my pets fed, try to keep bills paid, ect. after about 2 or so months i turned towards fixing my back. if my legs recover from the severe muscle pains i experience when walking then i could hold a full time job with good pay and from there its just a slow process of building myself up. the ineptitude i feel, the lack of education that haunts me, the disability that holds me back, all of it could be fixed with some time. i felt so happy and it was such a new feeling that i had not felt in so long. that is when everything quickly came caving in. so far my doctors and related medical procedures were all moving at a crawl. i spent several years dealing with a doctor that had to be demanded to move through several visits before they would actually do something, and i repeatedly kept getting thrown back and forth between tests and random crap. i ended up in physical therapy several times but that never amounted to much because apparently government health insurance does not afford particularly quality or motivated therapy sessions. that went nowhere fast and so id spent the years up until that point just hopped up on a high dose of painkiller muscle relaxers. however all of a sudden everything sped up real damn quick. there was immediate discussion about consulting a neurosurgeon which we spent a while trying to find due to not only the limitations on what the state had available but also what we could find with our insurance. dumb doctor seemed optimistic and told me it should be easily treatable. finally got to meet my neurosurgeon for the first time and he was even more optimistic. he spun a tale of how so damn easy and quick it would be to fix a busted disc and that even if the back pain was not 100 cured there was no way he could not fix it up so that my legs were not fine again. said everything was a guaranteed easy operation. so on my very first consultation due to my naivety and stupidly thinking i could trust doctors i agreed to a surgery. short version of that is several shady things happened with that doctor and after about a month or 2 of recovery i could safely say that not only had the surgery failed but i was not at least 2 or 3 times worse off than i was previously. now that were later into 2021 i have been told after a follow up visit that the disc is no longer salvageable and the damage may yet get worse as there are signs that more discs will degrade and blow out in the future. a surgery to potentially stop the problem from worsening has been suggested but all of his previous enthusiasm is gone and he believes there is a good chance the rest of my discs will go bad regardless of what happens. for now i am taking more pain meds than before just trying to keep my little job together but who knows when that will start to fail as well. in that time span of my cutting incident to now i rose up higher than id been in years only to fall lower than id ever been before mentally. things like my hygiene have gotten to acceptable levels. i still have anxiety about so many things that eat away at me on a daily basis but i have gotten better at talking to people even if i cannot manage to build social connections. but i have completely lost hope of ever escaping poverty, ever having a body that is not too weak to do what i want, trying to build a normal social life and make up for all those years i wasted, or even escaping from behind my little computer screen. any time i try to think about it, or when someone tells me what i should be doing, somewhere along in that plan that i am cooking up i reach a roadblock that stems from something of these 3 issues. i have come to hate everything about myself and where i am at now. even if i try to explain it away i still blame myself for ending up like this. suicide seems to be the only thing i can think about now as i have lost all form of motivation to even do the things that i once enjoyed. i am simply trying to pass through each day until hopefully i hit another emotional breakdown that will give me the push i want to overcome everything else and just end it. rather than wasting my time and spending my entire life self loathing and living like this i decided that if nothing changes by the time i am 25 in 2 more years ill resolve myself to end it if i do not do it sooner. venting and dumping my story here if that is fine. it is ok if it needs to be removed for whatever reason.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa please i just want it to stop
i do not expect anyone to read this rambly mess.i feel so done with my life right now.during coronavirus, i 27m got into a ldr relationship with c 24f . we met on an online mmorpg we both spent all of our time playing. it was a rather hardcore guild that pushed for server firsts server achievements. i was one of the leadership for the guild, she was leveling a class under my purview. she started messaging me questions about it, then also opened up about a breakup she was going through with someone she met in college and had been dating for years.i would end up helping her get through that and we both get really close as a result. as her ex tried to win her back, but she start spending all of her time with me. she kind of strung him along for a couple months, one because he was overly insistent on staying together, two because she sorta wanted to work thing out with him. we would confide in each other with everything, spend all of our time with each other. we would sit in a personal call while we did activities with the guild. text each other constantly, right as we woke up, right before we went to bed. c is easily the nicest, most affectionate anyone's ever treated me. and she was coincidentally attractive as fuck, this really cute blonde thing that you would not think played mmorpgs constantly.this was easily the best peroid of my life because of how much i enjoyed spending time with her. i have not had a terribly traumatic life or anything. but not terribly good, either? it is been incredibly isolating. my parents were that weird couples my mother a 20 year old fr asia, and my father double her age at 40. my parents essentially checked out of their marriage and stopped trying when i was around 11. my father would periodically vanish, i later learned to visit asian women. i believe he raised at least another family, if not multiple. just based on things i found. he later divorced my mother once i moved out and is raising another child with another asian woman in his late 60s. my mother checked out and played runescape 24 7 and when she did not play runescape spent all her time gambling. she was a stay at home mother, but gradually stopped trying and our relationship was entirely based around her driving me around while i grew up. suffice to say i never really interacted with both while growing up, my father did provide and i lived at home until i graduated college. basically all my other family on my father's side is dead, or on my mother's side and are foreign and cannot speak english. so we never did any family get togethers i do not really have any family outside of them.other than that, i have never really had much success with relationships or friendships. i had a static friend group throughout elementary to high school, but we only ever hung out at school. i was always part of the awkward group, i am just an extreme introvert, but on paper there is nothing really wrong with me, medium height attractiveness. i would go on to join clubs in college, and meetups once i would graduated to spend my free time, while still playing a lot of video games online. my friends have always been activity acquitances, y'know? people you do stuff with but never really hang out with outside of that. which i have been fine with but i guess i have giving context to paint a picture.i never really met any women in real life that i went on to get into a relationship with. part of this is due to all my hobbies video games, board games, d amp d, etc and work studies engineering being male dominated and also me living at home. i went to community college then transferred to a 4 year i commuted to. great on keeping costs down, but terrible on social life. so subsequently all the women i met were online through video games, not through any intention of my own, but that is just how it worked out.when i was 16 i met a 20 year old woman in an fps that i would get sexual with and end up visiting at her college dorm to lose my virginity to. we talked constantly for a couple months leading up to the visit. i guess she did not like me because she began seeing someone else immediately afterwards and we never end up talking again.when i was 18 i met an 18 year old woman in that same fps that i would go on to date online for 1 2 years, she was significantly further away than the other woman who was in driving distance. i would visit twice, but it did not end up working out because of how immature i was at that point, probably her too. i would get jealous or moody and cold shoulder her, go through a lot of emotional manipulation that i regret so much to this day. immediately after our relationship, she meets the love of her life, but it does not work out because she hesitates and does not marry him. i end up chasing after this woman for most of my adulthood after we reconnect at 22 or so. we become best friends while she goes through strings of irl relationships and dating this same guy she calls the love of her life who she cannot let go of. but who no longer cares about her after she called off their marriage, yet strings her along for years. she used other relationships with a drug dealer and a high schooler and an old man to try and get over him as they get together and break up multiple times. all the while i chase after her and provide her with emotional support. it is my fault for doing that and i should have stopped far sooner than i did, but i was still in love with her and thought i could win her over. during this time, i graduated get a job in engineering, move away from my parents, live alone. i go and try dating people where i actually live to middling success while still talking to this girl. i got back into shape and lost a lot of weight. i join a bunch of different meetups, use the typical apps and websites. i went on some dates, but nothing that really worked out. it always took a lot of effort and a lot of messages on my part, if i ever even got responses.jumping back to c. after a while of this existence, maybe 4 5 years, i meet c in that mmorpg i have been playing. i stop talking to the previous women i chased after for years and focus on c. after about a year us being best friends 6 months of her dealing with her ex and us getting to know each other, and 6 months of is dating, while not telling anyone online but telling her parents and irl friends . she ends up visiting me once we have both gotten a vaccine and things calm down in the you.s. she was planning on staying the summer, while an expansion for the mmorpg we both played came out. we made a bunch of plans, i made a bunch of reservations. we both planned out all the food we would have together. other than the little time i have spent with those 2 previous women irl, this was the first time i would get to go on dates and spend time with someone and live with someone that i truly loved. that is all i have really wanted in life, just a comfy domestic existence with someone and that is what she told me she wanted too.she visits and it is amazing, her flight came in a city an hour away and we go to a hot pot place, something neither of us have done. then get taiyaki and ice cream at a nearby place. then drive back. she is everything i would imagined, incredibly sweet and cute we get along and spend the entire drive back talking and making jokes. we go shopping for everything she needs and it is the most fun i have had in my life. we spend the next couple of days together going out on dates, spending time cuddling, touching, playing video games together, and watch shows. we spend our 6 month anniversary at a fancy italian place overlooking the city, i reserved a table right at sunset at a perfect spot. all of the courses were her favorite meals and it was amazing.on the sixth day here, we play that mmorpg together and she is a little quiet, i did not think too much of it. the next morning we go to a brunch we would talked about and booked. it kind of sucked, there was no bottomless mimosas and the food was mediocre. it was at a fancy place too, but she is really quiet. and she admits that she is homesick. i kind of shut down a little bit and we talk about it a little bit while we try to finish this brunch. but she apologizes and repeatedly says it has nothing to do with me. we get back, she tells me she is going to call her mom, see if that makes her feel better. when she comes back, she told me she is leaving, immediately and that is she is sorry. she takes an uber and the next flight out.over text she told me she is sorry, she needs to be alone. and she does not want to be in relationships in general anymore. maybe it will change, maybe it will be together, but she does not know now. she says she does not feel anything now and cannot support me emotionally anymore. i kind of break down emotionally, cope by trying to talk to her. but she is ice cold, we do not really talk anymore. i asked her to block me so i would not be tempted to send messages to her.i spend a month to myself, not really doing anything. the mmorpg releases it is expansion and i do not really play. they tap her for a leadership position in the guild and that is all she really does anymore. i have tried to play again, but i am so behind now and the guilds hardcore. it feels like it is her guild now, i laugh now because i always supported her in the game, forced her to do chores, she told me she would quit if i ever stopped playing. now she is near leading the damn thing. it hurts. for a lot of reasons. my main hobby is gone because i cannot stand to see her playing, moved on without me. i spent so much effort preparing for this expansion, i was with this guild for over 2 years. i am now a month behind and they have recruited people to replace me. now it is all gone. my best friend and girlfriend is gone. all my friends in this guild are gone. my dreams for the future is gone.i know the standard advice, block her out of my life, hit the gym and focus on myself. but i am just so tired. i am focusing on losing weight i binged on during the past month, it is pretty easy since my appetite is now gone. i started seeing a therapist because i started feeling really suicidal and could not sleep much. they dropped me after the second session without saying anything, i am not really sure why, i guess i need to find a new one. all i have left is work, and i cannot motivate myself to do everything i need to do when i have nothing left in my life, anything left to look forward to.i know i am young, i know i need to put my life back together, i have so much time to meet someone new, but i have just spent so much of my life forcing myself to move forward. not being happy, there is people with it way worse, i am aware. as i am nearing 30, i cannot help but think about how people said it would get better in college then how it would get better when i am graduated, what is left? it will get better in my 30s? 40s? i just feel so done. everything i wanted was within my grasp, i loved this woman so much, i have never connected with someone as well as we did, but she threw me out like i was nothing, she did not even seem upset. now she is just a stranger and everything about my previous life is gone.i have just been forcing myself to level in the game, so i have something to do. watching everyone else talk in chat, wishing things had turned out differently and i could have played with them on the expansion release. they played for 40 hours straight. she now just plays with everyone when we used to be attached dat the hip. the more i think about how behind i am, how there is not a spot for me in the guild, and also in the guild, the more i just want to kill myself, i gave a half hearted attempt at hanging myself, but there was nowhere to tie it indoors and it is 110 outside. i know all of this sounds so dumb, i just feel so much fucking grief over everything. i am alone, no family, friends, girlfriend, or escape. my therapist and i were going to work on coping before he dropped me. but i just do not want to do this anymore, my life's just been such a grind, waiting for things to get better. i do not have it in me to go forward. i feel so done with my life right now that my girlfriends left me
i have been thinking about posting online for a few days now, thinking maybe there is a solution or an angle that i am missing. this is long . i am starting from the beginning, because i feel like there may be a trend. also, it almost feels nice laying everything out in the open. i apologize for any problems you may have with the formatting, past and present tense writing, or keeping shitty track of my own timeline. i wrote this on my phone in bed, and ended up emailing it to myself to post it on a burner profile.as the title says, i do not want to die. i just want to feel happy.ever since i could remember, suicide or death has always been on the radar. i remember getting upset over something as a kid, and saying i wish i were dead. i have always had a temper, and i would often go from 0 60 emotionally extremely fast. i never made any suicide attempts pre puberty, but the idea would be in my head more frequently as i got older. i was on various medications as far back as i could remember until i was about 16. i was diagnosed with adhd when i was young, and i was suspected to have bpd later on, but i was never fully diagnosed with it. i ended up stopping my meds on my own when i was 16. once i hit my pre teen teenage years, the problems seemed to pick up pace. at some point, seemingly coinciding with the uptick with all my issues, the idea of death and suicide changed from just an idea, to a viable solution to my problems in life. it went from i wish i were dead , to i could take my own life and things would not be an issue . my first attempt happened in my early teens. something i cannot remember happened, and i ended up smashing my bedroom window and holding the glass to my neck. my mom and step dad talked me down at the time, and they took me to the hospital where i was assessed and released shortly after them determining i was not a danger to myself anymore. years 16 20 were probably the best of my life. at some point when i was 15, i had something like an epiphany where i realized i was in control. everything made sense. if there was a problem or internal conflict with myself, i could sit down and come up with a solution. i understood that i could not rely on my mom for every answer to every problem i had. i went from barely finishing 3 courses a year in grade 10 and attempting to quit, to completely catching up in grades 11 amp 12, a 4.0 gpa, acing exams, and making honor roll. i was very introverted in school, but focused on the goals i had set for myself. i never socialized outside of my classroom, but i had regular friends that went to a different school, that i visited on weekends and breaks. after graduating, i got into the work force doing a few different jobs trying to pick a career path. a little over a year went by and i finally got into what i felt was a serious relationship. we were childhood friends, and i was 110 serious on staying with her for the rest of my life. she had a 3 month old girl when we started dating, and i did my best to step into the father role at 20. i was stressed out, money was tight, we lived about an hour away from each other, and she put me through some unnecessary drama. i felt a bit trapped in my job, because it paid good for a 20 year old with no education, and i had to start saving money to build a future with her and the baby. i worked hard, and took any opportunity i could to gain experience and move up. long story short though, we broke up after about 4 months, with me going through the expected emotional turmoil. i remember being upset one night, and deciding to go for a bike ride at night between my town and the next. it was raining, i was wearing all black, and it was a very busy road. i did not care. i wanted someone to hit me without it being my fault. i made it to the next town without incident however, and i took the bus back home. despite starting off the ride wishing i would be hit, it ended with feeling proud of myself, not expecting to be able to ride that far. after that night, i started riding my bike frequently. i would push myself further at every opportunity, it was like a mixture of meditation and blowing off steam. at nights to relax and get out to blow off more steam, i would end up walking into my town every night, buying a tea, and walking back home. for whatever reason, walking made me want to start running. i eventually took up running in addition to biking, and i even considered taking part in triathlon the following year. i was one of my walks one day, still a bit hung up on my failed relationship, and i was hit by another epiphany. i had no commitments, no debt, i was in the best shape i had ever been in, i was suddenly incredibly high on life. that was the moment i decided that i was going to chase my dream trip, and that i was going to go work up north to save money for it. that summer was the best time of my life. i partied a few times every weekend, i made life long friends, i lived every moment to the fullest. eventually the fall came, partying season was over, and it was time to get to work. i quit my dead end job, gave my car away, packed a suitcase, and flew up north to stay with my biological dad and my step family. my plan was to work away from home for a year, and move back after my trip. they let me stay in their basement living room on the couch, helped me get some oilfield certificates, and pointed me in the direction to find a good paying job. eventually i got a job at a heavy duty mechanics shop. i worked there for about 3 months trying to get into an apprenticeship. i was a little stressed out from living out of a suitcase and sleeping on a couch every night, i was working about 11 hour days 6 days a week, but it was all for my trip so every paycheck seemed like a step forward. i continued to exercise to blow off steam. eventually, the stress compounded too much and i was in need of some change. there were not enough journeymen to sponsor me for an apprenticeship, and things seemed to hit a dead end. i received an opportunity to work on the railway around this time, which involved relocating. hotel rooms and meal allowance was provided so i jumped on it. for the rest of the season into winter i worked hard. the physical labor was intense and sometimes dangerous, working up to 18 hours a day every now and then. i was making money hand over fist and saving money like mad. it was not long before i had enough for my trip, but i kept working the rest of the season to make extra, only going home to see family and friends about every 2 3 months. my grandmother passed away while i was up there working, and i came home to be with family. i ended up asking for the winter off to take my trip because it seemed like a good time to do it. i went on my trip to this country for the second time, but all alone. i was diving head first into a completely different language and culture with no one there to catch me if i fell. i explored, i got lost, i had to work my own way through challenges, i learned a lot. after about 4 weeks i decided to return home, going through most of my budget and kind of feeling homesick. for the next few months, i roomed with some buddies and chilled out until the work season started again. i started a relationship with a girl before the trip, and picked up where we left off when i came home. springtime, the railway maintenance season starts. i start taking on more responsibilities at work, and only staying out for 1 2 months at a time. this is where life started to degrade. i worked the usual long hours, took on more stress, but i was making money and learning lots. the stress was constant though. you were usually under pressure from a train coming at some point, and everything had to be done properly so it could pass over your work safely. causing a derailment would be disastrous, and potentially deadly. over the years i continued to take on more responsibilities, learning new roles and working long hours. i think the second season was when i started to disassociate a bit to power through the long hours and miserable work. i started to drink regularly as an outlet instead of exercising, thinking i had enough of a work out during the day to justify some beers. as well, life on the road hotel rooms meant that you were usually eating out or eating shitty meals. i gained about 100lbs in four years. maybe eating out was a way to cope as well. this lifestyle continues today. i lost the weight a few times, but it always came back fast because of the overall lifestyle and stress. fast forward to 27 years old. still doing long hours, pretty jaded from the work and lifestyle, and still heavy. my girlfriend has stuck around through all of this somehow. i was coming home every few weeks though, so that was pretty cool. for probably a few reasons, i developed some severe anxiety issues. it got to the point where i was pacing in my hotel room, with intrusive thoughts telling me i should kill myself. i would be in tears, the only way out was to die. i usually ended up smoking weed pretty heavily to numb myself and go to bed. i decide to get some help from my doctor, who referred me to a psychiatrist. my schedule meant that appointments would be very spread out and change would be painfully slow. after about a year, we finally managed to get me leveled out and my anxiety down about 50 with the help of some medication. i switched companies in the same industry for some more money and better opportunities. still long hours on the road though, same stress, and living out of hotel rooms. eventually, i came to the conclusion that i was dissociated to the point where the days would pass by and i would not remember much. i do not even blink at a 20 hour day anymore. i do not feel anything. i do not the have passion that i once had, no happiness, no enjoyment, excitement, or entertainment. i lost my hobbies pretty much when started my first year, and i always focused my spare time on visiting people or running errands while at home. things got bad enough to the point where if i had more than a week off work, i would have angry outbursts withdrawal from work. even though i going home more, i did not know how to enjoy myself or blow off steam anymore. i think all the hours at work, combined with the schedule, made me dysfunctional.that brings me to this year. new position in management, significantly less money but more experience for the resume. i still hate the industry, and i am still on the road 90 of the year. reached out to my doctor again because the suicidal ideation has returned. it took about 3 months, but i was eventually set up with a psychiatrist again. she did not do much though. she took me off some of my old meds and doubled another. we probably only had about 4 or 5 appointments over the phone before she said she could not help me. now here i am. i am going through depressive episodes again, thinking the only way is suicide. i am in debt from stupid decisions over the years, i am fat, with no goals or hobbies, no savings, living paycheck to paycheck, priced out of the housing market because i did not buy in my early to mid 20's, and the doctors gave up on me. i turn 30 in a few months, and i have decided that if life has not turned around or i have not had another epiphany by then, i am going to bring things to an end. i have not made any attempts because i am not ready. it is going to be a one time thing with 100 certainty, and i do not want to humiliate myself by not succeeding. i have the plan figured out, but i will not share the details here because i do not want to give anyone ideas. i do not want to die, it will devastate my girlfriend, the same one i have had from the beginning of all this crap. it will probably ruin my mother, family, and close friends. i will never see my cats again. the last thing i would ever want to do is hurt anyone. but life has not been going the right direction for almost a decade now, and things only seem to be getting worse. i am tired. i do not want to die
i am very sick and tired, both mentally and physically. i have been struggling with a lot of physical health issues for my whole life, and i have been struggling with mental health issues for the past 6 7 years, i am so tired of having to deal with both problems, as my physical health makes my mental health worse and the stress from my mental health is likely just making my conditions worse, its a never ending cycle and i rarely feel good, ever. i have been struggling with severe asthma for my whole life, which is fine on its own, but its at the point where i have a hard time doing much exercise, and i can no longer cope with weather changes, so every time it rains a lot of it becomes a bit more dry than normal i find myself heaving for air and coughing up blood. i am writing this right after contemplating taking my own life and coughing up more blood into my sink. my asthma is not all, i have a lot of trouble eating food, i randomly get very sick after eating and i cannot seem to link it to any specific type of food, so almost every day after eating a meal i am in pain for hours. i have a hard time sleeping, i have barely gotten any sleep the last few months, and when i do sleep i sleep almost the whole day, and i cannot get out of bed to do anything, its very frustrating. as for my mental health, i have not been able to seek any professional health for a lot of reasons, so whatever i say about my mental health is not diagnosed, but all i know is that i need to see a professional soon, i cannot handle my own thoughts anymore and it sucks. i have been struggling with really severe depression since i was about 11 ish, and the earliest suicide attempt i can remember was over the summer after i had completed 6th grade, i had not been eating for a few days and i was just extremely sad. i have had a few attempts before, usually i am too tired or scared to fully go through with it, which sometimes when i am having a good day i feel grateful for not going through with, but usually i just remember my past attempts and feel an overwhelming urge to try again. i also have really extreme anxiety, and it is exhausting. my anxiety is just crippling me and it kind of rules my life to a large degree, as i do not ever get close to many people, and i am too scared to just act how i want to act around peers and even friends. speaking of, i do not ever speak to any of my friends outside of when i am physically around them, and i never see them on my own time simply because i have no energy to see anyone and i do not live near most of my friends, which is sad since i only have like a handful of people i would call friends, and i am not close to them by any means beyond friendly engagements. my experience with schooling also makes me extremely depressed constantly. when i was in middle school a few years back i was constantly bullied for a lot of things my poor social skills, being nerdy and kind of awkward, being annoying, and acting like a fag this particularly hurts now because i am gay . i would get my books thrown at me, people punched me and once there was a boy about twice my size who made remarks that he was going to rape and beat me up in the school bathroom, and then followed me around the school with his friends. i tried to do sports, i played football my dad wanted me to try it out, i never liked sports at all anyways and this made my have a mental breakdown every day we had a game, and when it was not game day, people would bully me in the locker room. the boy that threatened to hurt me in the school bathroom got paired with me to practice tackle drills, and instead of doing it how we were instructed, he would pick me up and slam me into the ground repeatedly, which was not how our coach told us to do it, and it hurt my back and made me shake and cry after practice. in high school, i joined the swim team, as i loved swimming and i was actually very good at it, and on top of that it was the only sport i was able to do without worsening my asthma, which was great. but the massive pressure i had on me to do well in an extremely competitive swim team made me constantly anxious, and i cannot even enjoy going to the pool anymore. i got picked on by my swim mates as well, because i was not very well socially adjusted, and i would get insulted in the locker room for being a little weird. our soon to become team captain was kind to me and told me not to listen to them after school, but that really did not help much. my family is not really much better my dad is never home so i do not even know him as much as i wish i could. my biological dad is somewhere in europe, and he stopped even trying to talk to me anymore when i was 10 years old. my adopted dad is alright, but he is kind of cold and does not really show affection in a way that i understand, although i know he cares for me. my mom had a bad childhood, so she has a lot of problems that i have to step around constantly. i ask them to take me to a professional of some sort, and up until a few months ago they would just play down my mental issues and coupled with my really bad anxiety i was too anxious to actually say anything. i started telling them i had very frequent suicidal thoughts, and this i think really scared both my mom and dad and so they kind of lashed out, i do not think they know what to do. my dad told me that killing myself would be a selfish thing and i just told him to fuck off if that is what he wants to tell me, and my mom told me she would get me help but always is too busy forgets to schedule me an appointment. i feel like i am trapped in a box and i am invisible to my own family most of the time. a few years ago i started having obtrusive thoughts that ranged from random urges to harm myself, many of which i acted on, to thoughts that my family secretly hates me. this past year was awful for me. i am an at risk group for covid and the whole pandemic thing just took a massive toll on my already declining mental health. being in my house was not bad for me thankfully, i am kind of used to being alone, but the frankly idiotic and terrible response to it by my local and national government made me a lot more nihilistic than i already was. i had a heavy school workload, i have always been considered gifted so most of my classes are pretty intensive and doing them online was terrible. i sacrificed my sleep for a's and b's and my dad still was not satisfied, which made our relationship even worse as i was so tired i just told him to shut up. my parents argue a lot as well, sometimes my dad yells at me for no reason and my mom yells at my dad, and it is almost constant. i have also lost faith in my parents being competent role caretakers in any way. they argue like children, and its almost always over me as well. i already lost one dad and i do not want to lose another, i wish i could fucking die in an accident so my family could stop having to argue, or pay for my medical treatment. i have little to no energy to do anything that could take my mind off of my problems either, i just lay in bed all day and zone out while watching yt videos that i do not really want to watch anyways. i am also worried my teachers think i am special or something, i cannot really engage in social situations that well and i think i might have autism, as some of my relatives have it and it would kind of explain my lack of social function. but my parents will not take me to see anyone anyways, so why should i even care? sometimes i wonder if i am being neglected by family, i would consult my counselor but my anxiety stops me from really speaking to anyone about it because i am scared it will turn out my parents are abusing me mentally and i do not think they are bad people, they just have a lot of their own issues and they are frankly just silly people in their own right. i do not know what to do, i am kind of hoping that my health issues will just kill me already, i do not think i am going to get any better, my asthma is only getting worse to the point that my doctors are assessing if my lungs even work properly at all, and i also might need to get the inside of my stomach looked at because my doctors could not find out why my body freaks out whenever i eat, which scares me. i do not know if i am going to live a long life, and all i want is to have my problems go away. i hate where i live as well, i cannot stand it at all, and i cannot move currently due to a multitude of reasons. i want to just die already because living this way for almost a decade now has just destroyed me as a person, i feel sick inside and i have no one to really talk to about it, i have some online friends who are very kind to me, but i get panic attacks and i feel extremely ill whenever i open up about my issues to someone i know. i do not know what to do, i keep remembering instances where i attempted suicide and its overwhelming me all the time. i cannot even use sleep as an escape. i hate my life. i am sick and tired
i am very sick and tired, both mentally and physically. i have been struggling with a lot of physical health issues for my whole life, and i have been struggling with mental health issues for the past 6 7 years, i am so tired of having to deal with both problems, as my physical health makes my mental health worse and the stress from my mental health is likely just making my conditions worse, its a never ending cycle and i rarely feel good, ever. i have been struggling with severe asthma for my whole life, which is fine on its own, but its at the point where i have a hard time doing much exercise, and i can no longer cope with weather changes, so every time it rains a lot of it becomes a bit more dry than normal i find myself heaving for air and coughing up blood. i am writing this right after contemplating taking my own life and coughing up more blood into my sink. my asthma is not all, i have a lot of trouble eating food, i randomly get very sick after eating and i cannot seem to link it to any specific type of food, so almost every day after eating a meal i am in pain for hours. i have a hard time sleeping, i have barely gotten any sleep the last few months, and when i do sleep i sleep almost the whole day, and i cannot get out of bed to do anything, its very frustrating. as for my mental health, i have not been able to seek any professional health for a lot of reasons, so whatever i say about my mental health is not diagnosed, but all i know is that i need to see a professional soon, i cannot handle my own thoughts anymore and it sucks. i have been struggling with really severe depression since i was about 11 ish, and the earliest suicide attempt i can remember was over the summer after i had completed 6th grade, i had not been eating for a few days and i was just extremely sad. i have had a few attempts before, usually i am too tired or scared to fully go through with it, which sometimes when i am having a good day i feel grateful for not going through with, but usually i just remember my past attempts and feel an overwhelming urge to try again. i also have really extreme anxiety, and it is exhausting. my anxiety is just crippling me and it kind of rules my life to a large degree, as i do not ever get close to many people, and i am too scared to just act how i want to act around peers and even friends. speaking of, i do not ever speak to any of my friends outside of when i am physically around them, and i never see them on my own time simply because i have no energy to see anyone and i do not live near most of my friends, which is sad since i only have like a handful of people i would call friends, and i am not close to them by any means beyond friendly engagements. my experience with schooling also makes me extremely depressed constantly. when i was in middle school a few years back i was constantly bullied for a lot of things my poor social skills, being nerdy and kind of awkward, being annoying, and acting like a fag this particularly hurts now because i am gay . i would get my books thrown at me, people punched me and once there was a boy about twice my size who made remarks that he was going to rape and beat me up in the school bathroom, and then followed me around the school with his friends. i tried to do sports, i played football my dad wanted me to try it out, i never liked sports at all anyways and this made my have a mental breakdown every day we had a game, and when it was not game day, people would bully me in the locker room. the boy that threatened to hurt me in the school bathroom got paired with me to practice tackle drills, and instead of doing it how we were instructed, he would pick me up and slam me into the ground repeatedly, which was not how our coach told us to do it, and it hurt my back and made me shake and cry after practice. in high school, i joined the swim team, as i loved swimming and i was actually very good at it, and on top of that it was the only sport i was able to do without worsening my asthma, which was great. but the massive pressure i had on me to do well in an extremely competitive swim team made me constantly anxious, and i cannot even enjoy going to the pool anymore. i got picked on by my swim mates as well, because i was not very well socially adjusted, and i would get insulted in the locker room for being a little weird. our soon to become team captain was kind to me and told me not to listen to them after school, but that really did not help much. my family is not really much better my dad is never home so i do not even know him as much as i wish i could. my biological dad is somewhere in europe, and he stopped even trying to talk to me anymore when i was 10 years old. my adopted dad is alright, but he is kind of cold and does not really show affection in a way that i understand, although i know he cares for me. my mom had a bad childhood, so she has a lot of problems that i have to step around constantly. i ask them to take me to a professional of some sort, and up until a few months ago they would just play down my mental issues and coupled with my really bad anxiety i was too anxious to actually say anything. i started telling them i had very frequent suicidal thoughts, and this i think really scared both my mom and dad and so they kind of lashed out, i do not think they know what to do. my dad told me that killing myself would be a selfish thing and i just told him to fuck off if that is what he wants to tell me, and my mom told me she would get me help but always is too busy forgets to schedule me an appointment. i feel like i am trapped in a box and i am invisible to my own family most of the time. a few years ago i started having obtrusive thoughts that ranged from random urges to harm myself, many of which i acted on, to thoughts that my family secretly hates me. this past year was awful for me. i am an at risk group for covid and the whole pandemic thing just took a massive toll on my already declining mental health. being in my house was not bad for me thankfully, i am kind of used to being alone, but the frankly idiotic and terrible response to it by my local and national government made me a lot more nihilistic than i already was. i had a heavy school workload, i have always been considered gifted so most of my classes are pretty intensive and doing them online was terrible. i sacrificed my sleep for a's and b's and my dad still was not satisfied, which made our relationship even worse as i was so tired i just told him to shut up. my parents argue a lot as well, sometimes my dad yells at me for no reason and my mom yells at my dad, and it is almost constant. i have also lost faith in my parents being competent role caretakers in any way. they argue like children, and its almost always over me as well. i already lost one dad and i do not want to lose another, i wish i could fucking die in an accident so my family could stop having to argue, or pay for my medical treatment. i have little to no energy to do anything that could take my mind off of my problems either, i just lay in bed all day and zone out while watching yt videos that i do not really want to watch anyways. i am also worried my teachers think i am special or something, i cannot really engage in social situations that well and i think i might have autism, as some of my relatives have it and it would kind of explain my lack of social function. but my parents will not take me to see anyone anyways, so why should i even care? sometimes i wonder if i am being neglected by family, i would consult my counselor but my anxiety stops me from really speaking to anyone about it because i am scared it will turn out my parents are abusing me mentally and i do not think they are bad people, they just have a lot of their own issues and they are frankly just silly people in their own right. i do not know what to do, i am kind of hoping that my health issues will just kill me already, i do not think i am going to get any better, my asthma is only getting worse to the point that my doctors are assessing if my lungs even work properly at all, and i also might need to get the inside of my stomach looked at because my doctors could not find out why my body freaks out whenever i eat, which scares me. i do not know if i am going to live a long life, and all i want is to have my problems go away. i hate where i live as well, i cannot stand it at all, and i cannot move currently due to a multitude of reasons. i want to just die already because living this way for almost a decade now has just destroyed me as a person, i feel sick inside and i have no one to really talk to about it, i have some online friends who are very kind to me, but i get panic attacks and i feel extremely ill whenever i open up about my issues to someone i know. i do not know what to do, i keep remembering instances where i attempted suicide and its overwhelming me all the time. i cannot even use sleep as an escape. i hate my life. i am sick and tired
my father killed himself when i was only 4yo, that was 36 years ago. i ended up having a rough childhood, my mother did not have a stable job. the parents of my father abandon me and my mother. luckily the family from my mother's side were there, we managed. living in a remote village helped i suppose.so economically my father's suicide was kind of crap.through all my childhood the thing i hated the most was at the beginning of the school year when teachers would hand over questionnaires or would ask in the class what do you parents so? . when it was out loud i would get really sad. i remember being so ashamed when i would answer my father is no longer alive and then the teacher would ask what did he die of? , i would always lie about it.i always knew that he had killed himself. i remember going to the place where he poisoned himself and seeing the paramedics taking him into the ambulance. in the village there was a house that on the ground floor had a pub, on the outside it had stairs going up to the first floor, he just went to the pub ordered his last glass of wine came outside and sat on the steps halfway up the stairs, and drank the poison, a strong insecticide used in farming, straight from the bottle.some years later after completing primary school i went to middle school, to get to school i would need to get a bus. to get to that bus i would walk about 1.5km 1mile each way every day. now the fate of destine, the bus stop. that bus stop was a meter way from those stairs, so basically every day during 4 years i would walk to and from the exact place where i saw my father for the last time.to go to high school i would still need to walk to get a bus, but that one was about 4km in the opposite direction, there were lucky days when i would get a ride from someone. i endured all that cold and walks in the dark, most of the 4km had no public lights so the winters were tough. being really poor, my clothes were always whatever people would give to my mother, i even got a big bag of clothes from my first english teacher in mid school. i endured all that because i knew that life was shit, but if i just stuck in school things would get better. always had good grades, i never had to study much, things always kind of make sense, and things like geography and literature... well those just sucked, i did not see the point of learning something that was basically either memorize lots of simply assumptions of whatever writer was thinking hundreds of years back totally pointless to me.although i had never had my own computer, i self taught what i could from either computer magazines or from the only programming book available in the school library an old book on pascal programming language . back in the day, access to a one of the four computers in the school library had to be booked in advance. while my colleagues would spend their time on mirc, i would try to learn whatever i could. one day i was sitting there, just waiting for my turn and i realized that some teachers would also use those computers, i started to wonder what would the teachers use the computer for. so in my allocated time i started writing a tiny computer virus, not really a virus as it would not replicate itself, anyways a spyware that would simply create a copy of every document and spreadsheet opened in those 4 computers, this was around the end of the last year of my secondary school. and yes, some teachers were writing the exams there. oh! now, i remember i never deleted the little spyware.anyways, the point is, despite the hard times i always had good grades. when i finished the secondary school, i voluntarily joined the army, well because i wanted to go. and incredibly those same questions would pop up, what does your father do? what did he die of? ... same feelings, sadness and extreme shame of how my father died.finished my time in the army, got out and got a job, and then another, it was good to finally do not have the weight of those questions. but, one day sitting in my shitty car, i remembered something i had told myself when i was 8 when another secret traumatic event occurred, i am going to study hard and get far from this place , that village had only brought me pain and abuse. i decided to go to university and get something back out of all that self taught stuff about computers.i worked really hard, and spent a year literally sustained on bread, water and sugar. would kill one or other animal and or fish, but i had made the point to put aside as much money i could, just in case. past that year i entered the university and those damn questions were back what do you father do? how did he die? . kept the lying accident . one day, i had made friends with a girl and one night she was feeling really down, her father had been having an affair and her mother had found out and the whole thing was pretty shitty. i took her to a remote place where we could just stay in the car and see the stars between the scattered clouds. and while just was telling me all that, she let us out i wish i could just die, i find that people that kill themselves are really brave . at that point i started to cry in silence, the tears kept pouring down my face, while she kept asking what happened. i then decided to just tell her in a very confronting tone you are a fucking idiot, how can you say that people are brave for killing themselves? people that kill themselves never deserved anything that this world gave them. understandably, she yelled back who gives you the right to speak to me like that? . and then, for the first time, because my father killed himself when i was four, he gave up and left me and my mother behind. i was only four, and he simply walked away and was not there to protect me every time i needed. brave is to face the hardship. so i do not want you to ever say that killing yourself is something brave, think about the people you would leave behind, how your decision would affect their lives. from that point on i never more felt ashamed to admit that my father was not brave enough to find an alternative path and took the easy way out.i ended up finishing my degree, getting a nice few jobs. every time i look back the main thing i always see if the void i have always felt. i decided to never have kids because i never wanted to not be there for them for any reason. i know that there are millions of people that have had much worst lives than i have, i always been lucky, i always chased that same luck. i am not brave, i still avoid going back to that small rural village. i am not even living in that country anymore. i feel down lots of time, and in the last couple of years i have been feeling more and more down, really down, questioning my existence, and yes suicide crossed my mind. i do not want to kill myself, and i will not, if i die i do not mind, but i will not kill myself. i have been feeling more and more the need to give up on everything, and i will probably will. i will probably leave my job and everything behind and go away a couple of years to the middle of nowhere living on whatever i can.if you ever think about killing yourself, please think about how that decision my affect the other people in your life. my father's suicide has always been a darkness in my life and it will always be. death is not the only solution, there are other ways to get isolation and away from everything, and even in the far chance you come to the conclusion death is the only way out, well then die giving your life in a meaningful action. go kill poachers in africa, go fight terrorists, go help people in natural disasters, but please remember the people you leave behind. you will not be there when they need the most. my father killed himself
i am going to be turning 30 in a couple weeks.i am a white dude from washington state and i grew up playing a lot of video games n64, etc i never did well in school because i never spent any time studying, my mother watched 6 kids 2 cousins, 3 siblings and then myself so she was too busy to make sure i was getting assignments turned in. my dad worked full time manual labor and he was always too tired when he got home and i never wanted to bother him on his days off.fast forward to sophomore high school, my dad gets non hodgkin lymphoma and deteriorates rapidly. he passes a little after my 16th birthday. i end up dropping out and working part time jobs.i was dating a girl who still to this day i feel like in a universe or reality that i was not shit, i would have ended up with her. i still talk to her sometimes and she is awesome, but she has her own life now.anyway, she ended up leaving around the same time my dad passed away so between working first job was at gamestop, and yeah it was fucking awful i would spend most of my time in my room listening to postal service and crying.i tried to get back into school, ended up taking some community college classes. dropped out, came back, dropped out etc i am not sure how many times between the ages of 18 to 21. when i was 22 i started dating again, and the first girl i slept with i ended up getting pregnant. i was always taught do not have sex because it will make jesus cry and i kind of did not really give a fuck about that. what should have been said was it will kill your youth and leave you an empty broken person or at least, that is how it was for me.we talked and decided she should have the baby and she came to live with me at my moms house what a catch i am right and i supported her through her awful pregnancy lots of morning sickness, etc i end up getting a job at safeway and a friend teaches me how to drive and loans me enough to buy a shitty car that lasted me about 2 years.so by this point i am 25ish and we move in with our son to a new apartment. i am actually in school and doing well this time and she is working as a bartender. i finish school by the time i am 27 and graduate with an associates in paralegal studies.just about right after i find a new job using my degree she stops working. i bugged her about working or going to school constantly because i felt like you should always be striving to improve? or something. just sitting at home while i am working is kind of shit because the entire time we were together i was either working or in school.during this time in our wonderful life together, she brings home an older korean gentleman and fucks him on our bed. we had an argument over her not doing anything and she went to the bar she used to work at and decided that is the best thing for her to do i guess.we worked through that. i had this idea of having a nice family and i made so many decisions because of this. the year before the pandemic i tell her that i am going back to school to get a bachelors because i do not earn enough for us to live with just me working. so that means we will have to move back in with my mom which she did not like. i was kind of in the tough shit mood because i was doing all the heavy lifting. right before i started going to class my grandmother passed away and left me a bit of money. i always wanted to go to japan and so did she my then fianc so we took a few week trip and it was fun.so about a year into me going to school she has a meltdown and tells me that i do not give her enough affection which, she could have been right but my idea of affection was providing. i always told her i did not care what she did after i graduated, but until then she should at least contribute.she ends up leaving and moving in with her friends. then from there she ends up meeting a girl and becomes the third person in that relationship. she leaves me to take care of our son. she would rather be getting fucked by two people than even attempting to be a good mom to him. i mean she was never a great mother, but kids do not really understand that. i have long since had the mom is not coming home talk with my son but he still says stuff like when mom comes back etc and it kills me.so for about the past few months i have been living in this pure agony. she will call him every day or so, but i want absolutely nothing to do with her. i feel like if there was not a child involved it would be a clean easy breakup. i have dealt with breakups before. the idea that i am chained to this woman through him is so fucking aggravating. she texted me saying she was going to come pick him up and have him stay the night with her she lives an hour away i said the fuck you are, as long as i have known her she spends most of the day getting high and i know she is living with people who grow their own weed. so yea, fuck that. also she cannot drive and i do not want this lady i do not know driving this kid around.i obviously care a lot for my son, but i have realized just how meaningless everything truly is. i wish i would have made better decisions, maybe not had a child with a psychopath.i am an average looking dude who had horrible acne and still does and i have realized that when i get acne it always leaves a scar on my body. the ones on my face i do not touch, but the ones on my body will pop just from sleeping and those always leave nice bright pink scar tissue.i am down about 35 pounds since april. i was 220 and last i weighed myself out of the shower i was 185. i have not been eating or sleeping much. before this i never did drugs but i have been spending just about every moment not with my son my mom has been helping me and she is wonderful getting cross faded and screaming into pillows or crying. i used to have horrible anxiety but ever since i started actively wishing i was dead i have not had panic attacks.i do not want to work again. i do not want to go back to school in the fall. i do not want to start dating again, but i would have liked real help raising him. i feel so guilty bringing a child into this shitty fucked up world. the only thing stringing me along is the thought of what my son will have to go through when i am gone. id like my mother to take care of him and not his drug addled mother.ultimately i feel like i wasted my entire life. i know success can be measured in different ways but what do i really have? i have no friends. i am in an insane amount of debt and my body is falling apart. i am starting to lose my hair and i cannot grow a beard due to genetics. the only thing id be willing to accept is a reset button. i believe that when you die that is it just lights out and that sounds so much better than what i am feeling daily.i know where this is heading. i cannot afford to keep going to school now that she is gone because i exhausted everything i had because i thought someday she would give a fuck and start working but yea that never happened.id rather be dead than work in a grocery store for minimum wage while single handedly raising my kid. i know he will miss me when i am gone, but all this shit is meaningless anyway. the universe will have its heat death and that will be itim sorry if anyone actually read all this. i should have made better choices. i do not want to get help, i do not want to get better. the bottom line is i need to go back in time. anything other than that means nothing to me. i am not going to be killing it in my mid to late 30s, its fucking over for me.on my 30th birthday i am going to go to a bar with my full bottle of trazadone, drink a shit ton and then down the pills in the bathroom. i wrote a will and i am ready to end this agony thinking of ending it on my 30th birthday
i guess it all started when i was i guess 11, my parents started getting unfair and just downright selfish. my parents somehow went from the ordinary comparing me to a few of my cousins or smart individuals at school to saying that i am a failiure because i could not become some genius who started learning university level topics at the age of 9 or some shit. for context my parents someow got addicted to tese videos on facebook about these super young geniuses that are like 7 14 doing things like teaching or attending university or college and etc. this was just annoying at first, but soon it became pretty discouraging and i just started losing any confidence that i had in myself.i would say the unfairness started coming in when my parents would force me to go to the gas station they work at and then work as the cashier there and that is cool and all, but i think that since i am working as a cashier and all i should atleast get paid a little, right? well guess not seeing as my parents said that i should not need to be paid, i could get like doing chores and other stuff, but this is an actual job, and that is kind of a not so cool move. another thing i would mention is the constant studying they want me to do, i understand that i need to study on a regular basis, but apparently i should be studying all day and the only time i should not is for eating, doing chores, or showering and etc. they told me i should not be talking with friends at all beause friends are a distraction, and this stinged because i do not have many friends, in school i met a group of people who accepted me for who i was and wether that group of people realize it or not i am so greatful to them, they mean so much to me even if we get into arguments often and are fairly toxic to eachother at times i love them all a lot. being told to separate myself from my only friends hurt a lot, and i did not want to, but when i tried to resist they would do things such as prevent me from even contacting them at times. especially with the pandemic going on it just hurt a lot. what is even worse is that i cannot get mad or sad about anything, if i express anything other than positive emotions i get in big trouble. this one time i got pissed off because my little cousins who were being downright demons were breaking everything that i held dearly to me and my parents who doted over them did nothing, i told them off slightly raishing my voice and then i got beat into submission by my dad and got told that apparently i do not have the right to be mad or sad because i am just a child and they are the parents. this is especially hard since my parents have given up on trying to feed me so i basically either last on a small breakfast for the entire day or just water or breakfast and lunch. i get so hungry when it nears night time and its hard for me not to be mad or emotional when i am starving.i guess another reason for all my stress is just my social life in general. my main friend group who like me are all introverts are cool, and they did used to be my world, but i guess as i grew up i needed more attention because i felt so suffocated and empty even with just my friends. i guess the main reason i can even befriend others because of my kindness. i am one of those people who are mainly depended on for emotional support and such when others are broken because i merely tell people what they need to hear with a mix of what they want to hear depending on the situation. its cool and all, but after that is over its back to them going to their friend groups who are full of muc farther interesting people than me. it makes me feel like crutches, its like after i am relied on i am then thrown away, but i am not an inanimate object, i have feelings too, i want attention, i want to be cared for, i want to be wanted. when others are broken i am open to helping them heal, but when i am broken i do not have people to rely on or depend on. it really hurts, it makes me want to cry knowing that no matter how much i call out for help, it will not come, it hurts because of how lonely and empty it makes me feel. at first people online telling me to calm down and such used to work, but at this point i am so stressed that it does not. i want someone in front of me to tell me everything will be alright, but i do not have anyone to tell me this. i want people to look at me, in the friend groups i have so far got in there are people who are the most popular or cool, people who everyone else sucks up to and such. i do not mind this, but it makes me feel awful, because even if it is selfish i just wish that i had atleast one person who payed attention to me as if i were their first priority in terms of friendship, right now i just feel like that one person who is not wanted and is just included in conversations because other people feel sympathy for how sad they are. when covid first started that is when it all really struck me, for every day of the year from the beginning of 2020 to the end i felt an unbearable sadness. i felt so lonely and empty, i completely forgot how to talk in a conversation, and everything scared me. it got better when i met my group of friends again, but its still here, chewing away at me, just more delayed now. i am scared because it gets so bad that i start feeling suicidal quite frequently. it got worse when recently my mother got into an argument with my dad over work and then my mother elevated the argument so much that it got to the topic of divorce , divorce threats were quite ordinary for me i guess. i remember the last time my parents were threatening each other with a divorce my dad was packing his things about to leave and my mom realized that she regretted it and begged me to beg my father not to leave. i did not have anything to do with it and i was around 9 at the time, but it still hurt begging to me dad not to leave. however this recent situation was different, my mom genuinely started blaming me for the messy relationship between my father and her, i was screamed at being told that me being alive was what brought unrest to the family and that i was a burden. after that i was just straight up told that i should kill myself. this hurt a lot, my own mother telling me to kill myself really hurt me. even if its not selfish or i seem like a bad person i cannot forgive that, i am never going to be able to recover over that even as an adullt, no matter how much my mother acts like it never happened i am always reminded that she told me it would be better off with me committing suicide. lately i have been remembering these things as the stress my parents are putting on me is growing, i starting to feel like my mother was right. i recently was recommended a video on youtube about suicide, and the thing that stood out to me was the words suicide is a way of showing and telling people that you were not strong enough face life. or something like that. i feel like this is right, i as an individual with not much support cannot face the harsh reality that is life. i do not feel as if i have been defeated by life, i feel like after i have been defeated i was further beaten down and robbed of any hope by life. i am suicidal, but at the same time i find it hard to physically do it because i do not want to feel the pain. i have felt a lot of pain, i do not want anymore, i just want the pain to stop, somebody please give me advice, how do i make the pain stop or how do i at least easen it, i am tired of the pain and stress, i am tired of how my parents treat me, i am just tired in general, my soul is tired. i am begging with my heart, is there any hope for me? just some introvert not being able to face life
i am struggling a lot with my life at the moment. i am 24 and basically just feel very lost making no progress. i also feel like there is a lot wrong with me, this post will be a ramble.i feel as though my career is moving very slowly. i have a degree, but it is essentially worthless as it is a mediocre grade, and not in a specific area. my current job does not pay very well, and you do not need qualifications to get the position i am currently in. i have tried and failed to get a better paying job, i cannot help but feel that i would have been much better off working straight after finishing school at 16 and working my way up somewhere rather than going to university. some of my peers have done this and are in a much better place in terms of earnings, house ownership, car etc. than me. i decided to start studying for an extra qualification in my spare time to boost my earnings potential. while i think that this was most likely a good decision, it does feel as though it is not going to get me where i need to be on its own, maybe upping my salary potential by around 5k. it is costing me around 2000 to do, and now that i have been doing it a few months the initial novelty has worn off and it is starting to drain me having to do extra studying after a full day's work, especially with the knowledge that i will most likely have to study a higher qualification on top after completing this one to achieve a decent salary anyway. i have no idea what i want to do in life and never have, i have just taken a route in something that i know i can do easily, and am taking the natural steps to progress. but the whole time i cannot help but feel like i will never find something that i ever really want to do, the only reason i am doing any of this is to earn more money, and the things i am doing are not even a guarantee of that anyway.currently i live at home with my parents. i am saving up every month for a deposit for a house as i would much rather do that than rent, but the cost of housing is just going up and up, and the salary required to afford a property mortgage is way above what i am earning. the older i get the more desperate i am getting to move out but it seriously just feels as though it is getting further away rather than closer. i feel like i am just in a hamster wheel and not getting any closer to any of these goals. i do not mind my parents, they are not terrible and living at home does have its benefits, but i am closer to 25 than i am to my 24th birthday now and at this point i am fed up and need my own space. but it just feels as though it is so far away, and even when i try and break it down it just feels like such an impossible task.mentally i am in a terrible place. i have been for a while, my self esteem is awful, i am really struggling with everything at the moment. i self harm, frequently have depressing thoughts and am just generally unhappy. i suspect i probably have some undiagnosed disorder, when i browse the symptoms of bpd it is like checking off a list. but the process of getting treatment therapy is incredibly long and expensive, and i honestly have no idea where to start. it is so expensive that i feel seeking out therapy when i have not really experienced anything traumatic enough for it just feels like a waste, and it is going to set back my other financial goals even more. on top of that i am trying to balance studying in my spare time and everything else, i just do not know how i would have the time.socially i barely have any friends. i would say i have 3 truly good friends, 2 of them live far away so seeing them on a regular basis is not easy, and again is expensive. i only have 1 friend that i can see without travelling at least 90 mins. there is a huge age gap with 90 of my work colleagues. a few months ago my girlfriend broke up with me, which to be honest completely broke me. that relationship was something i thought was truly going well in my life but at some point she decided otherwise, she had her reasons, shit happens. she made clear it was nothing i had done and was not my fault but it is really hard to accept that. i am a lot better now than i was 1 2 months after it happened but it still affects me every day. i have no idea how i am going to trust anyone in the future in terms of a relationship. i also feel as though i am in no state to even be in a relationship anyway having written all the above stuff down. but it is just another thing that gets to me, i feel quite lonely as it is, and she was really good to me and it was a loss of a good friend in a way too. i feel like i am doing something wrong in relationships, i have never had a true, multi year long term relationship. i have no idea what it is about me that is not good enough. i do not pour all my problems out like this to partners. sometimes it is discussed but i made a point to never burden my ex with all my problems like this. yet here i am alone anyway. i cannot help but feel there is just some negative aura that people sense and do not want to be around me anymore.after the above happened i tried so hard to get into new stuff. i started doing new hobbies, things that i had not done before. exercising more than ever before, all the usual things people tell you to do. and it just does not help. i have even been on holiday, which was a welcome distraction, but coming back home and back to reality it just feels as though my life is not going anywhere. the past few days i have just been so deflated. all my usual hobbies no longer interest me, i just have no desire to do anything that i normal ly do. i do not know enough people and i crave socialising, but if i try going to a club or something i just get so socially awkward anxious. i am desperately craving some excitement in my life, the only things that are appealing are drinking, which i am really trying to avoid at the moment as it just makes me feel so much worse afterwards. i get tempted by gambling, but even that stops interesting me, unless the amounts are high enough to be risky. but i know i do not have the disposable income to play around with that anyway.i am absolutely sick of social media, i hate it so much. i hate how fake everything is. i deleted the majority of my social media apps. i am completely fed up of the news, it feels like everything you read online is so negative and depressing. and on top of all that like everyone else i am sick to death of covid, that in itself just feels like one step forward, 2 steps back. the government in the uk constantly contradicts and goes back on their own advice. and yet i know even if covid was gone i would still be in the exact same spot i am now. i feel myself turning bitter and angry at everything which in turn would just make me even worse to be around. everything is just building up and i have no idea what to do about it, the best way i can describe is i feel like i am playing life on hard mode.yet there is nothing really wrong with me. ok maybe i am depressed? but i have no physical disabilities, i have no disease, i have not suffered anything traumatic, i do not have a broken family, i am not stupid, i have a job, i have some qualifications, i have a car, i have some friends. i know i have a lot of things that many people would be grateful for. and yet i cannot help but just feel so broken .if anyone's read this far thank you, if anyone decides to share their thoughts thank you even more. really need to vent, lost in life long
i am struggling a lot with my life at the moment. i am 24 and basically just feel very lost making no progress. i also feel like there is a lot wrong with me, this post will be a ramble.i feel as though my career is moving very slowly. i have a degree, but it is essentially worthless as it is a mediocre grade, and not in a specific area. my current job does not pay very well, and you do not need qualifications to get the position i am currently in. i have tried and failed to get a better paying job, i cannot help but feel that i would have been much better off working straight after finishing school at 16 and working my way up somewhere rather than going to university. some of my peers have done this and are in a much better place in terms of earnings, house ownership, car etc. than me. i decided to start studying for an extra qualification in my spare time to boost my earnings potential. while i think that this was most likely a good decision, it does feel as though it is not going to get me where i need to be on its own, maybe upping my salary potential by around 5k. it is costing me around 2000 to do, and now that i have been doing it a few months the initial novelty has worn off and it is starting to drain me having to do extra studying after a full day's work, especially with the knowledge that i will most likely have to study a higher qualification on top after completing this one to achieve a decent salary anyway. i have no idea what i want to do in life and never have, i have just taken a route in something that i know i can do easily, and am taking the natural steps to progress. but the whole time i cannot help but feel like i will never find something that i ever really want to do, the only reason i am doing any of this is to earn more money, and the things i am doing are not even a guarantee of that anyway.currently i live at home with my parents. i am saving up every month for a deposit for a house as i would much rather do that than rent, but the cost of housing is just going up and up, and the salary required to afford a property mortgage is way above what i am earning. the older i get the more desperate i am getting to move out but it seriously just feels as though it is getting further away rather than closer. i feel like i am just in a hamster wheel and not getting any closer to any of these goals. i do not mind my parents, they are not terrible and living at home does have its benefits, but i am closer to 25 than i am to my 24th birthday now and at this point i am fed up and need my own space. but it just feels as though it is so far away, and even when i try and break it down it just feels like such an impossible task.mentally i am in a terrible place. i have been for a while, my self esteem is awful, i am really struggling with everything at the moment. i self harm, frequently have depressing thoughts and am just generally unhappy. i suspect i probably have some undiagnosed disorder, when i browse the symptoms of bpd it is like checking off a list. but the process of getting treatment therapy is incredibly long and expensive, and i honestly have no idea where to start. it is so expensive that i feel seeking out therapy when i have not really experienced anything traumatic enough for it just feels like a waste, and it is going to set back my other financial goals even more. on top of that i am trying to balance studying in my spare time and everything else, i just do not know how i would have the time.socially i barely have any friends. i would say i have 3 truly good friends, 2 of them live far away so seeing them on a regular basis is not easy, and again is expensive. i only have 1 friend that i can see without travelling at least 90 mins. there is a huge age gap with 90 of my work colleagues. a few months ago my girlfriend broke up with me, which to be honest completely broke me. that relationship was something i thought was truly going well in my life but at some point she decided otherwise, she had her reasons, shit happens. she made clear it was nothing i had done and was not my fault but it is really hard to accept that. i am a lot better now than i was 1 2 months after it happened but it still affects me every day. i have no idea how i am going to trust anyone in the future in terms of a relationship. i also feel as though i am in no state to even be in a relationship anyway having written all the above stuff down. but it is just another thing that gets to me, i feel quite lonely as it is, and she was really good to me and it was a loss of a good friend in a way too. i feel like i am doing something wrong in relationships, i have never had a true, multi year long term relationship. i have no idea what it is about me that is not good enough. i do not pour all my problems out like this to partners. sometimes it is discussed but i made a point to never burden my ex with all my problems like this. yet here i am alone anyway. i cannot help but feel there is just some negative aura that people sense and do not want to be around me anymore.after the above happened i tried so hard to get into new stuff. i started doing new hobbies, things that i had not done before. exercising more than ever before, all the usual things people tell you to do. and it just does not help. i have even been on holiday, which was a welcome distraction, but coming back home and back to reality it just feels as though my life is not going anywhere. the past few days i have just been so deflated. all my usual hobbies no longer interest me, i just have no desire to do anything that i normally do. i do not know enough people and i crave socialising, but if i try going to a club or something i just get so socially awkward anxious. i am desperately craving some excitement in my life, the only things that are appealing are drinking, which i am really trying to avoid at the moment as it just makes me feel so much worse afterwards. i get tempted by gambling, but even that stops interesting me, unless the amounts are high enough to be risky. but i know i do not have the disposable income to play around with that anyway.i am absolutely sick of social media, i hate it so much. i hate how fake everything is. i deleted the majority of my social media apps. i am completely fed up of the news, it feels like everything you read online is so negative and depressing. and on top of all that like everyone else i am sick to death of covid, that in itself just feels like one step forward, 2 steps back. the government in the uk constantly contradicts and goes back on their own advice. and yet i know even if covid was gone i would still be in the exact same spot i am now. i feel myself turning bitter and angry at everything which in turn would just make me even worse to be around. everything is just building up and i have no idea what to do about it, the best way i can describe is i feel like i am playing life on hard mode.yet there is nothing really wrong with me. ok maybe i am depressed? but i have no physical disabilities, i have no disease, i have not suffered anything traumatic, i do not have a broken family, i am not stupid, i have a job, i have some qualifications, i have a car, i have some friends. i know i have a lot of things that many people would be grateful for. and yet i cannot help but just feel so broken .if anyone's read this far thank you, if anyone decides to share their thoughts thank you even more. really need to vent, lost in life long
hey, this is goodbye note. it is most likely going to be suicide i have tried many times and thought if i succeed the i have nothing to say why and honestly idk if people deserve to know why but hey, i am still doing it.if you know me at all or have seen any of my previous posts then you will probably know i am depressed or at least i think i am never been diagnosed . but if you did not know i am also suicidal, i have attempted multiple time but to no avail obviously. not quite sure when i will next try it, it could be in the next hour or in the next week. i know i have my whole life ahead of me as i have been told by everyone but honestly, i do not see the point in continuing how i am living rn with the feelings i have just for the chance that i might improve. as many of you will know i also cut myself on my hip a lot. 2 more thinks i can see i am starting to do, is counting my calories and any meal i can skip without anybody noticing i will. i am also starting to though up if i eat too much. if i have the chance to not eat for a few days i will. to my family my twin i know i was not the best twin brother you could have. i have always wanted to get closer but never tried and i apologise, we started very close and kind of grew apart, most likely my fault. you were always nice to me, and i understand i was probably a dick to you a lot. i am trying to be supportive to your identity and i 100 want you to be happy and no mater i will always love you for who you are, and i know i fuck up your pronouns here and there, and i still do not do it at home because i do not know if i should. and i wish i could have the courage to go up to you and help you with what you have going on mentally, bc i can see you are not great.brothers i love you both, we do not talk much, but we still have fun, i miss my childhood when we all used to hangout. being constantly called fat and an alcoholic though definitely did not help but you know.mum and dad could not ask for better parents, you raised a really good kid. the world just fucked me up . i love you guys and i will really miss you i know this is hard for you and i took the easy way out, i took all my pain and am putting it on you, and i am sorry, i really am. i just cannot take this anymore. i am filled with all this emptiness or sadness or whatever i do not know, all i know is that i have tried everything to drain it out or to replace it with happiness, but nothing works. i do not know if you will see this coming, i doubt it but maybe, after all, all you needed to do was open reddit and it will open this or look at my search history, but you always did respect my privacy.to my friends to my twin brother from a different family bro i love you, luckily you still have a girlfriend by your side, so i am not leaving you with nothing. i get i am being a dick leaving you like this i understand you will be upset for a while. i was therefore you as much as i could, we had some really fun times, and i am so glad i met you but at the same time sorry i did because now i need to leave you. i see you tried to help, i am sorry i was not good enough to be helped. i could see how much you tried, and i am so happy that you are my best friend, honestly you kept me here longer than i would have without you. you mean the world to me.that red like a ruby girl to you i apologise the most. with your past i know hearing the news of my departure will not be good, i know you tried to help but i am sorry i was unfixable. every moment with you were great, i loved the late night smokes and the bike rides, and i am sorry i stopped that. i loved being your friend and i am the worse one you have had because obviously i killed myself and you already struggled with that thought of suicide and i know i am not making that better. i wish i could have been a better friend, but i cannot keep going anymore, and that is not because of you, you tried to help, and i am thankful.that history nerd i love your bro, you are such a great person and i love talking about history with you, you always try and cheer me up. we definitely did not hang enough, and i know you go though some shit, and i am sorry i cannot help with that anymore. i truly loved our voice calls at 1am. i really hope things work out for you because you deserve the world bro.that irish girl with red hair i am sorry i am doing this to you. the year that i got to know you was fun, always wished we hung out more. i know you told me to stop with the hole not eating thing and the cutting because of what it meant to you. i tried i really did but if you get this it obviously means i did not manage and i am sorry. you helped, sadly i am not the type of person that can get helped but thank you for trying.and finally, to the girl that means the world to me you where the person that helped me though the worst of it. you made me the happiest person in the world for the short time we were together. we had our ups and downs, most of them were because of me, i wish i could have been better, but i was not. i wonder if we could see each other maybe things would have ended better or maybe we could have stayed but knowing be i would have just hurt you more. honestly, i do not know what would have happened between us, who knows maybe in uni we could have met up and who knows tried again, but i mean i did fuck you up a lot so that chance of that was slim, but i guess that chance is 0 now. or maybe that was wishful thinking, you probably want nothing to do with me ever again i would not blame you. all i can do is say thank you for being my light in the dark world, and if you still cared about me then i am sorry for leaving you like this, for never being able to meat you, for never being able to kiss you or to grow old together. all those nights staying up with you were the best. i am so happy that you can find happiness, and i looked at your post the other day and dam you looked happy, and i hope it was real. it hurt, i mean of because it does, but it sometimes also makes me smile that you are happy. i wish you the best for the future and i honestly hope you are happy, and all those plans we made you can still do but with someone better. i hope your mental health improves, and that this does not set you back at all. i am sure you will be a great sister to your new sister. idk if this is selfish of me but i love you, always did still do now and i will still love you when i am not here. idk if i should keep that in but thank you and goodbye lt 3.to anyone reading this, know it is nobodys fault. i chose to do this, and i was not forced by anyone. i have a great family, great friends and great life, but i myself am so fucked up in the head i really do not see another option. its selfish i know and please hate me if it means it is easier to forget me. anyone thinking oh i could have done more well i know you will think it, but it is just not true. i saw many people about how i feel, and nobody has managed for me to stop feeling like this for any amount of time so do not go off blaming yourself because you could not stop this. even if i told one of you on the day that i did it nothing would have changed, many people have told me not to do this, but nobody understands that i am not in control anymore, i need things to stop, i need everything to stop, i want to end everything and i am sorry for the people i hurt. goodbye you wonderful world p ps sorry this is my suicide note
life is fucking bullshit. karma is fucking bullshit. do good is fucking bullshit. hard work is bullshit. it is all fucking bullshit, all of it.i am a csa survivor. i am poor, but i work hard. i got in one of the most prestigious public universities in my country, with a very high cutoff. i was a good student. i always work hard and do my best. i help others. i donate money. i donate so much fucking money. i donated over three minimum wages earlier this year to several different charities. i do my best to help people. i do. i fucking do. i am only 20. i cannot fucking take this anymore. i am too young to feel like this. i am too young for my body to fucking break down like this.i am in constant pain and nausea. constant. all the time. they alternate sometimes, but the breaks i get are brief, and they keep getting shorter. most of the time, it is pain and nausea. constantly.nothing helps my nausea. nothing. i was prescribed ondansetron hydrochloride for the nausea, the same medication people prescribe to cancer patients going through chemotherapy, same dose. it. did. not. fucking. help. me. apparently my body resists the effect for some reason. it only cut my nausea by fucking half on a good day. it did not fucking help. and yet it still did better than any other antiemetic i have tried, with one exception the one below .then i was prescribed domperidone. that helped my nausea a lot. it was so nice for a little while. but i had to stop, because apparently prolonged use of domperidone is dangerous. i was only supposed to take it for 1 week maximum. i took it for ten days, because of just how fucking good it felt to not be nauseous. but it did not last.it is so hard to eat. i no longer take any pleasure in fucking eating. i have been put in a bland diet for ibd despite not having an ibd diagnosis and it has barely fucking helped. it has only made me feel more miserable. i cannot eat anything that i like. and even when i try, the nausea and the fear of how i am going to feel after eating it make the experience absolutely fucking unpleasant. i cannot fucking enjoy any of it. i am heavily malnourished and no matter what i fucking eat , regardless of how much i try, my body does not absorb any of it.according to my last blood tests i have vitamin c deficiency scurvy , vitamin a deficiency, vitamin b12 deficiency and vitamin d deficiency and i take pills for all of those. most are daily. doctor told me to take them just for a while. i ended up taking them for 2 months. did not help.i try my best to fucking eat a healthy fucking diet every single day. it makes no fucking difference. my body simply does not absorb anything. i do not fucking know why.i was at 70kg months ago. i am now at 50.9kg. and i am 1.65m tall. i look like a skeleton. i am so fucking ugly. i am the ugliest fucking woman to ever fucking live. i look terrible. i look disgusting.and those are not my only symptoms. they are only the ones i am not embarrassed to tell other people about. that is not even the beginning of the fucking humiliation. there is so much more.diarrhea and constipation for me are routine. there are days where i will have to go to the bathroom several times a day with diarrhea until my bowels are fucking bleeding. it is literally impossible to fucking hold. it is like if i ate something bad every single hour of the day, except i was not really eating anything, it was my body alone. and then there are weeks where i will be unable to go the bathroom at all, and the pain is so much worse when that happens. i was given a fuckton of laxatives for those days, and yet all they do is trigger the diarrhea instead. i am fucking terrified of taking any of them.and there are almost no good days in between those. you might have thought there are, but no, when it is not one thing, it is another. i cannot, i cannot, fucking enjoy anything anymore. everything, everything i fucking do in my life is interrupted by either me throwing up, trying not to throw up, shitting myself, trying not to shit myself, or being unable to focus at all due to how much pain i am experiencing.and after several lab tests including blood and stool samples, a ct scan and an mri nothing. all the lab tests showed was that my intestines are absolutely bleeding, and are absolutely inflamed as fuck. imaging exams showed even less. two hernias, and that is it. literally nothing else.and i had to wait so long for these. i do not want to disclose my location but my country has a public health system, and it is literally the only fucking way i was able to afford all of those exams, which is awesome, but because of how underfunded it is, the waiting times between the appointments are long, the waiting times between expensive exams like a ct scan or mri are fucking massive. i waited a full six weeks for this mri. in pain. and it showed fucking nothing.there are so many fucking days where i wish i could just be diagnosed with something like fucking cancer or something just so this would be fucking over. i just want to fucking die. i do not want to go through several examinations and lab tests and imaging and continue to be in fucking pain while i wait. i cannot fucking do this anymore. i cannot. i fucking cannot.there are so many times when i wish i was diagnosed with cancer or something of the sort just so people would fucking stop acting as if i was fucking okay. i cannot fucking study like this. i cannot fucking work like this. i am supposed to be getting an internship soon. how the fuck am i going to do this? i cannot get out of bed. i am so fucking fatigued. i feel fucking awful. i am a fucking skeleton. i cannot even walk all the way to the university, and online classes are going to be over by end of the year. i am going to have to go there again, but how the fuck am i supposed to hold myself together there? i am fucking pitiful.and no one is understanding of it. no one gave a fuck until i got the fucking lab tests that showed i am actually fucking bleeding inside and even then no one fucking gives that much of a fuck. i do not get calls. i do not get anything. people look at me like i am blowing it out of proportion. they do not fucking believe me. i cannot fucking take this anymore. i cannot. i cannot. i cannot fucking do it. i cannot fucking take it anymore.no one fucking gets it. i am in constant. fucking. pain. i cannot fucking eat. even if i do, it is useless. it is like i put myself through the physical burden of eating while nauseous and digesting food only to shit it all out with blood afterward and feel worse and repeat the fucking cycle. i can feel my body fucking breaking down. i am so fatigued. i am pretty sure i will die soon anyway. i simply want to speed up the process and go on my own terms.i just wanted to write this to say goodbye before i do it. i wanted to at least feel like i left something in my depressing fucking departure. i am not religious, i am simply looking forward to the void now, because anything is better than this. anything is better than being in constant fucking pain and nausea every day and still being expected to fucking work and somehow get through university.goodbye. i am killing myself tonight. i have been in constant pain and nausea for months now. i have lost 20kg in 3 months. i am malnourished. no one knows what i have. i cannot take this anymore.
following is a boring and overwhelmingly long whining of a non native english speaker. those who are interested in taking a quick peek at the life of a young man in russia are welcome. my post might seem pale in comparison to other ones, and my problems are made up, and i myself might seem an attention craving internet vampire. i wrote it mainly because of therapeutic reasons i wanted to structure and order my thoughts about the current situation i am in. hello. i am almost 24yo, and my mental issues seem to be getting more severe every month. i am stuck in an adverse situation of uncertainty and see no hope to get out of it. i am a permanent resident of russian federation. i came over as a student from the central asian outskirts of the former soviet union where we had to remain after its dissolution. i left it when i was 17yo the rest of my family still remains there , and i could not wait until i am an adult to try to get my first part time software developer job. thanks to being an introverted loner at my school time, at the time of my 18th birthday i had my head crammed with fundamental computer science knowledge, so i got my first job relatively easily. to be frank i had no particular need to support myself while being a student my parents would have supported me even if i had not got a job, but i was eager to separate from them, to slip from their parental guidance as soon as possible. but in the last semester the tension started to increase, and i was under a constant strain i had to work keeping a decent performance while doing my bachelor's graduation work. also that was the time i first encountered difficulties with my shaky migration status i would have had to leave the country right after graduation if i had not acquired permanent resident status or been enrolled at a post bachelor programme.i started to delve into russian migration laws only to find out that i have literally no legal grounds to acquire a permanent residency, and any violation of the law may end up in being barred from entering the country. imagine being thrown out back to the country where you have literally nothing left no perspectives, no job, no money but with an inevitable perspective of being put into the ethnically unfriendly environment due to the conscription into the mandatory army service for the record slavs germans and a couple of other ethnicities are literally minorities in post soviet central asian states . all of that made me extremely anxious and depressed, and one day i finally snapped i got a nervous breakdown. i was diagnosed with mixed anxiety depressive disorder and was prescribed a year long medication course xanax and escitalopram . i managed to join the master course of my university thus deferring the end of my stay for two years. but the russian migration laws started to change right on the cue, and i got an opportunity to acquire a permanent residence by proving that i am a competent user of russian language and bound to russian culture. i pulled it off, got my residence permit, dropped the master course and started to live relatively quietly thanks to antidepressants . now i am at the crossroads. i have an opportunity to become a russian citizen, but here we go again i am again a subject for a mandatory one year military service til i am 27yo. i am far from being called a pacifist you have to be cruel to be kind, you know , but it is utterly repugnant to me, especially the fascist militaristic rhetoric the proponents of mandatory service use to justify its presence in contemporary russia. one might call me a freeloader, an inconsiderate citizen evading his duties, but i can object the mandatory military service in russia has nothing to do with protecting your country or preparing you to be a good soldier should the situation require it. it is just a kind of tradition serving the demand from the society for being citizens of a strong and prominent country and a way for army generals to get some slush funds. most of the real responsibilities are transferred to military professionals on the payroll, while from the perspective of a conscript it looks like serving an obligatory jail term, which might be a sentence to my professional and social life, and also to my mental health. i have three ways to dodge the draft barring the illegal ones 1 keep going as a non citizen permanent resident until i am 27. there are too many risks here you have to adhere strictly to the migration laws, every second fine for the last three years may lead to prohibition on entry and residence withdrawal. migration laws are overwhelmingly messy and full of dark corners, which makes me persistently anxious although i am a very law abiding immigrant. also it is undesirable to leave the country for more than six month during the year since it leads to residence permit cancellation too.2 being exempted from the draft by proving i have an ailment incompatible with military service. most of the relatively lightweight diagnoses including mixed anxious depressive disorder meet these requirements. a relatively straightforward way but the only thing is that the conscription system is crooked. your local draft board staff is apt to deceive you about your rights as a conscript, preventing you from exercising your rights in order to fulfill an anticipated conscription plan. one has to double check everything they say or do to you and file complaints if something deviates from the law. even if your diagnosis was given to you by an authorized doctor, you will be committed for a comprehensive to a psych ward where you will have to languish for two or three weeks. if the diagnosis is approved, you will have to pass a couple or two of medical examinations before being exempted. almost all people sometimes even psychiatrists you have to deal with are biased and suspect you of feigning your disorder in order to dodge the draft. it requires too much moral strength to stick it out. i am not certain i can stand it up well even being on antidepressants. these adverse tendencies are only magnified it is harder to fulfill conscription plans due to the pandemic.3 to leave the country in favor of europe canada australia, never to come back. i wanted to migrate to canada for a long time since my childhood, maybe , but now i think it is completely impossible. i never thought much of my value as a professional, but now it seems completely negligible. i am strenuously trying to become a better professional every day, but i am only affirming my opinion about myself. this adds to my anxiety and depression too, since doing a good job might be the only source of my satisfaction with myself. no one would hire me to relocate somewhere. even if someone would, i do not like the idea of burning my bridges to russia. i am not certain i can accommodate well, and might have to return back. doing so without citizenship would be an ordeal.so, now i am feeling completely empty. it seems i slipped into a depression again was i out of it at all? , and keep going because i have been ruminating on everything i wrote here for a half of a year. my thoughts are sluggish, my concentration is fucked up. i see no hope in my future, but i am also unable to kill myself. i feel like half of my life is past me, and the other part is joyless too. i feel like i am dying slowly
i am 16, i have been thinking about ending it all every hour of every day for the last 2 weeks. usually its very passive and its just in the back of my head but lately it seems to be very in my face? its very hard to explain but for the most part all i can think about its how or when i am going to end it all. i was raised to be emotionless so i am very secretive about how i am feeling on the inside and show no emotion on the outside so my parents do not even know i am even thinking about killing myself, hell they do not even know i am sad and lonely. i have been mostly socially isolated since i was around 11 due to my parents feeling it was necessary for me to be home schooled due to severe bullying i was severely injured by a group of older students, so i can kind of see why? but it was mainly my dads decision with my mom not liking the idea, even though i stated multiple times on how i feel homeschooling is a mistake and will only lead to failure, 4 years later and now it feels like ill never be able to fit into society again, i mean i have completely forgotten how to talk to people. this year i have convinced my mom to put me back in due to my dad not being as close to the family. but at what cost? all i want now is death, plain and simple. all i know is i am not living past the age of 21, it feels as if i am destined to kill myself, no other ways out i must take my own life to escape this hell. i know even later on in life that if my mother dies its all over for me, so why even give birth to me in the first place?i have argued with my mom about how you should not have children if you are incapable of giving them a good childhood and she usually uses the same bullshit excuse of well i know i could not be a good mom back then so now i will try to be a good mom now no, those were meant to be the best years of my life, before i had responsibilities before i was even thinking about the future. for those who are wondering my mom and dad divorced pretty young in my life, i mean so early on that i do not even fucking remember them being together. something about my dad having some mental health issues and being extremely violent but even still they stayed in contact due to them obviously having to take care of me and my 2 older siblings . now for most of my early years whenever my mother had a problem with how i was acting instead of dealing with it herself she would just drop me off at my fathers house and let him deal with it. now not to mention that his shitty old house was filled with bugs to the point where i could not sleep and had reoccurring nightmares about small little bugs crawling all over me and i would wake up in a panic. not to mention he was pretty verbally abusive. pretty much the average shitty father shebang. there is a lot of what hes said to me and done to me that i never told my mom and kept inside and i still do. i mean for example one of the things hes said to me is if you turn out to be some gay disappointment i will crush your fucking skull and i do not care if i go to prison because it will be better then knowing that i raised a shitbag keep in mind i was 11 years old, and well it obviously worked because i am extremely afraid of even being friends with other guys. i have so much pent up sadness and anger that i just simply cannot express due to me not knowing how and being a emotionless person for so long. if i would have known back then that i could have called someone to get me out of this shithole i would have back then but now there is not even much of a point because the damage has already been done.i have never gotten therapy or anything because i never said anything because i was so young i did not understand what any of this meant and since it was so long ago i do not know how to bring up this trauma and all of this other feelings of sadness and guilt with my mother because for 1. how are you meant to bring something like that up to the same person who somewhat caused it, and 2. i would not even know how to bring something like that up because of my outwards image as a emotionless zombie. which has lead to me seriously hurting myself mentally and psychically by cutting. i mean there is truly 0 hope, victim of obvious child abuse, lacking in education, socially inept there is is no way out i have 0 future. i mean i love my mom, she is changed so much in the last 2 years after she found out what my dad did to my older brother and has cut him out of our lives so i am not mad at her i just cannot trust her. i know i must die soon. i know all its going to take is for one thing to go wrong and then i am done, ill make that impulse decision and kill myself. honestly my thoughts on death have changed so much since i was young. it went from holy shit i do not want to die to holy shit can someone fucking kill me already? i have already tried to overdose on benadryl off of a impulse decision after a argument with my mom, rushed to hospital blah blah idk why anyone would try to save me but its still funny how my mom still did not question how i would even accidently take that much which just shows that nobody fucking cares. i have already planned how i will kill myself when i am feeling that impulse decision, i will take my belt and hang myself. due to me being able to take some amount of psychical pain from me cutting myself i am sure i can handle that 2 minutes before i pass out from lack of oxygen. i mean the more and more i think about it the more appealing it sounds. i get to feel nothing! you know how awesome that sounds? i wish i could feel nothing today, unable to think or do just relax. i have not been relaxed in such a long time i would kill just to not feel tense. i do not think i have gotten more then 6 hours of sleep for the last couple of months which is just slowly driving me up the fucking wall. i am becoming more and more easily frustrated at the smallest things, i mean i got mad at not being able to find my razor to hurt myself its gotten so bad. i will fucking end it soon, i have lost the fear of death and now i am somewhat determined to kill myself. if i cannot hang myself then i will endure the pain until i am 21, buy a gun and will not fucking hesitate to blow my brains out the instant i come home that day. its weird how i am not mad at anyone but myself, i ware my self down on everything. amp x200b i have been alone for so long, do i even want death? do i want to just escape from the problems? i just want a hug man, i just want someone that i can just fucking hug and cry and tell them all of my problems. i have too much trust issues with my mom to do that and my siblings are all way older then me and i have never been super close to them. i have never been super close to anyone i have never felt loved by someone not even myself what is the fucking point? it just sucks knowing that ill die a nobody fucking loser but its not like i can change it. sucks knowing that ill probably not make it past 2023 but who cares anymore everything becomes irrelevant when you are faced with death. if there is a higher being that decided they were going to give me a shit life then ill be the higher being to fucking take it away. abused early in life and feeling unloved. i want to fucking die. i have no future.
really feel like my therapy is not working out. i am not sure if i am the one in the wrong, and i am trying to look at it from all perspectives, so please help me out. i have been with this therapist since february 2020, almost a year and a half. i am a minor and did not want to go to therapy but after being baker acted for a suicide attempt my parents forced me to start with this new therapist. i immediately told my parents i did not like her and i wanted to switch. they did not listen. in the past year and a half i have begged so many times and they refuse to let me switch. they say she has worked with hundreds of kids and is the best in the city. after a year and a half, i am so so so much worse, and while i do not at all blame her for that because that is mostly due to myself and my mental illness, she has offered no help or support at all and has only made me feel worse. i have never felt like we clicked, i feel like she does not understand what i am trying to say. i talk about myself and how i feel and she tells me i am wrong. ljke she is telling me how she thinks i feel instead of listening to me talk. she constantly gets mad at me for not trying hard enough even though i have repeatedly told her that it is hard for me. i struggle with social anxiety so it is hard for me to open up to strangers. she often asks me if there is anything i would like to talk about and then gets mad at me when i say no, even though i have told her i am too anxious to bring my own subjects to talk about. i feel scared about saying the wrong things to her because of how she will react. if she deems that i am not trying hard enough she gets my parents involved and tells them to be very strict with me, even though she knows that we do not have the best relationship and in the past it has only made things worse. i finish all my homework with maximum effort and she still complains that i am not trying. if she does not think i am trying she calls me spoiled and selfish because i am not using the resources i am given which i totally understand that i am very lucky to have parents that can afford and care enough to put me in therapy, but being called spoiled and selfish for not trying even though i am just sends me into a downward spiral of self hatred and makes my depression so much worse. when i tell her about my suicidal thoughts she says i am just glamourizing glorifying death and that i think its cool. which is rlly invalidating because she is basically saying i am suicidal for attention and because i think its cool. and when i try to calmly explain that i do not at all think its cool, but i feel so trapped that i do not see any other way out and i am in so much unbearable pain that i cannot survive anymore she tells me no i think you are just glamorizing it which upsets me further. she tells me to choose happiness which again, i get where she is coming from because i know that choosing to have a positive mindset is important to beating depression, but i tell her that its rlly hard for me because no matter how hard i try to be happy i end up even more miserable, she tells me that its my fault for not trying hard enough and that if i wanted to be positive and happy i would. she constantly points out my flaws and not in a therapeutic way. like when she starts session she always says hey how are you and i said i am good, how are you to be polite she says ugh that is not what you are supposed to say you have to tell me how your week was, this is why i say you do not even try. if you keep this up i am going to have to tell your parents you are not trying. also, the thing that is currently bothering me the most is her trying to discuss a disorder. now firstly, when she brought it up she said i could reject the diagnosis non verbal learning disorder . she told my mom and some teachers too to get multiple perspectives. everyone she talked to parents, teachers, etc said that it does not sound like me at all and i meet none of the criteria. i talked to her about it and said hey i really do not feel like i fit this at all, but i am open to the diagnosis and would love to hear why you think i have this. if i have nvld i would love to be diagnosed and get treatment but i do not want to be misdiagnosed especially because no one who knows me thinks i have the symptoms. so i tried to listen to her with an open mind but the things she said were complete bullshit. like she went over the symptoms list and just said things that were completely false like things that just never happened and refused to listen when i told her that is not what happened for example, last november i was at rock bottom, so suicidal and was failing out of school, so my parents switched me to a small private school with ten kids in my grade. i was so so so angry at them. also, on top of this the kids were actually insane on my first day there one of them lied about being in sandy hook and another followed me through the parking garage . anyways, i was very angry and sad so instead of hanging out with the other kids during lunch break, i went up to the pharmacy and bought bottles of pills so i could try to kill myself. i spent the majority of my lunch breaks loooking for ways or places to kill myself because at the time my family was being very unsupportive and i was not allowed to see my friends and i was going through so much. anyways, my therapist brought this up. and she said kids with nvld often are loners or isolate themselves and are socially awkward. you going off on your own during lunch shows this behavior.l and i said i was literally trying to kill myself how are you going to use that as an example??! and she was like i think its fair to use that as evidence you have nvld and all of her examples were like this!! and i was like there is literally no solid evidence and no one else who actually knows me thinks i have this disorder its complete bullshit if you have real reasons fine but its not fair to use lies to make this claim instead of listening to me. i just feel like it would be way more helpful and productive if i could explain how my brain works and how i interpret things and she tells me if that aligns with nvld. but when i try that she says yeah that does not seem like nvld but i still think you have it. like when she asks me a question and i say i do not know because i do not like being put on the spot she says that that is not understanding broad concepts so i automatically have nvld. its just so frustrating. i told her i have done so much research and watched so many videos about people talking about their experiences with nvld and how it affects them and i relate to none of it and she does not listen. my mom has done the same thing and also says she does not see how it relates to me because i am good at reading social cues, know what to say, am good at making friends, grasp concepts well, etc. it makes me really mad that she refuses to listen. she makes me feel so horrible about myself. every session with her makes me hate her and hate myself. i have begged my parents to quit and they will not let me. idk what to do. am i in the wrong therapy ?
mom, and everyone else,i am tired of this world. i am tired of the narcissistic, racist, misogynistic, islamophobic, homophobic, transphobic, trump supporting, and ableist family that i have. if you immediately get angry at those words and think that i am characterizing you, well if the shoe fits. i am tired of being on this earth that i did not ask to be on. i am tired of being reminded that i am something that kept you from doing what you want to do. why do you act as if i am a burden? i was not the one that asked to be here. i got here because you wanted kids and thought the child was blessed to have, food, water, shelter, clothes, and all the necessities to raise a child. a child should not be lucky to have the necessities they need to grow that should already be a given and not something to complain about to your child as they grow. you made me feel like i was unworthy of spending money on. you made me feel like i was ugly, stupid, fat, and unlovable. i am tired of being disrespected and then yelled at when i return the disrespect. i am tired of how we hide the men that have put their hands on a woman non consensually either aggressively or sexually. i have gone through an eating disorder, body dysmorphia, depression, anxiety, sexual assault, and probably more undiagnosed things. all between the span of a little over 18 years. there are so many secrets i hold that will die with me one of those being who my sexual assaulter was and some pertaining to my own individual life. now that i have grown, i see the veil being removed. from what used to be the best people in the world because i thought they loved everyone equally. it has shattered, as i have become older now i see how if something has never impacted you, you do not care about it. all the family does is judge and talk shit behind doors. talk shit about the kids and brothers and sisters and other family members. do not say you did not because i have heard judgment from each one of yalls mouths. i am tired of trying to be someone you will be proud of mom because in reality i do not think you will ever be proud of me. all this family has raised is a sneaky girl that has done everything you were trying to stop me from doing. you may think that i am the problem with this world but in reality, you are. stop projecting your insecurities onto me. do you want to know why i stay in my room most of the day and do not want to talk to anyone it is because most of the time i will get a lecture, yelled at, questioned, or brought into an argument? if i leave this world while on bad terms with you all i do not fucking care. i hope that weighs heavily on your souls. let me be honest here if i never met blank my freshman year i would have been gone well before now. do you know what is the most fucked up part out of all of this is i have been wanting to kill myself ever since i was 7 years old. i really do not want to leave blank but i can not stand this family i hope that my death opens your eyes in seeing that you all are not the best parents you thought you were. after i die i hope you all educate yourselves on topics that are out of your comfort zone because my generation will prevail. it is so funny how i rather kms then live with this family. to my brother, please strive to be a better person in all please do not become like them. i am so sorry for projecting the words that mom and dad tell me onto you. i should have been better. do not take shit from anyone and the reason why i am going to die is our parents specifically mom. i want you to resent them and use them as an example of the kind of parent that you will not be. find a role model that respects everyone and stands up for what is right. educate your children on topics that are sensitive to white and privileged people. please forgive me. i want you to keep all of my medals and trophies and my letterman. to blank my love blank, i love you so much and i am so sorry that i was not strong enough. please forgive me. i am sorry for making such a selfish decision. i wish that we had not met because i know that this is going to hurt you so much. i know we talk about our future together, but i just am so tired. i can not do it anymore. i hope you find someone else who is stronger than me and more beautiful. you deserve so much baby. keep on being who you are the man that i fell in love with and who respects everyone and protected me and kept me happy. you are going to make someone happy and have a beautiful family and i hope i will be lucky enough to watch you grow happier after i am gone. i want to leave you with everything that i have you can take all of my electronics and search my room for cash its hidden somewhere.to my dad i am so sorry i know you are probably the only one that is proud of me on anything i have done good on. i hope you stop binge drinking and become healthier so that you are able to watch my brother grow. i do not know why you have the views that you have but please try to educate yourself and be better. mom is a lost because i really do think you all would be better apart. i know you love her but all she does is talk shit about you to everyone and you are just you. i apologize if i have ever said anything to hurt you please forgive me. if anything after i die mom will probably complain about the costs of my funeral and how everything she has ever bought me was a waste because now i will not use it ever again. she would probably complain about wasting money on my college tuition because i have not finished yet. we know she has no heart she just crys during romantic movies. to my grandma and abuelita te quiero mucho. i am sorry that you will be losing one of your grandchildren so soon. abuelita i hope you reprimand your daughter and make sure she stops being such a bitch to my brother and anyone else. i hope you all accept my cousin as she is and is not messed up anymore or ashamed of her. i am sorry abuelita but i will die questioning god. to my bestfriend and her mom. i love you all so much and i wish i was able to hang out with you more often but you have a life without me already you will survive and i will just be a memory. i love you all both so much i wish i could have said bye face to face.to my cousins i do not know how you all have not killed yourselves but that just proves you all are going to do great things and are meant to do great things. i love you all very much and hope this will be a good topic to write about in your college admissions letters. also when i am gone you all can take everything that i have accidently taken from your house. please keep being the strong rebellious women that you all are. you all can summon me to haunt your exes if you want btw.finally, to my mom this apology is long overdue. i am so sorry that i have come on this earth and was not the perfect daughter that you wanted. i am sorry i have never been enough. please stop being such a bitch to dad and my brother. if you are trying to find someone to blame. blame yourself. i hope you are happy you have one less expense to worry about me. fuck it
so much shame inside my head. i was raised in a christian household, i was raised with proper, well adjusted parents. no trauma, no abuse, no abandonment or lack. up until high school i always had at least one best friend, literally i always had one person who would agree with me that i was their best friend. wed play tag a recess or just walk around the playground and talk about random shit. i went to church every sunday, went to the beach with family, got along great with my siblings, parents had no favorites and treated us all equally, i had a cat i adored though admittedly sometimes terrorized it, i had have technically, still living in the same home a huge backyard that i played in almost every day with my siblings, we had again have technically amazing neighborhood friends. i would wake up every day with legitimate joy and wonder, i was excited, even for school. i had the kind of childhood that probably makes most people on this sub seethe with envy. those people would read my post with incredulity, how in the living fuck is this guy? why does he belong here?? he could not possibly understand what we have been throughand i agree. i do not. i do not know what the fuck is wrong with me, yet somehow i am emotionally and psychologically stunted, i isolate myself from family, i lash out at others for the smallest things, i victimize myself quite a bit, i just have a genuine disdain for this life. i feel like i have so much to say and yet my brain is so foggy. of course when i want to say something my brain locks up, but if i want to sleep and relax, suddenly world war iii has erupted in my head. not that anyone would pay attention anyway, i understand that i am just another faceless person on this sub, whining about the same shit over and over and over again, just like everybody else. i was never popular, never had much attention given to me outside of family yeah i know i sound pretty spoiled, many people on this sub could not even get attention from their family . i guess my problem is that i am just soterribly average and normal in all kinds of ways, and very much not average in all the wrong ways, in very disgusting ways, if that makes any sense. i have all this disgusting and inhuman traits, and nothing good. i have nothing to offer, i just should not fucking be here. why did the universe allow me to be conceptualized? why did my biological parents, whoever they are adopted , have to create me?? all i ever wanted to do was be a super empathetic, compassionate, loving, safe, kind, accepting, giving, and joyful person. i am none of those. i am quickly losing my ability to empathize with others because i hurt too much, i cannot extend compassionate or love because reality is too cold and harsh, i do not feel safe with myselfhow long until that happens with other people as well? i am not very kind, i am super grumpy and angry at life and everyone in it, i am becoming very unaccepting of others because i feel like the universe or god has rejected me, i am not joyful, that is just a big no, i cringe at happy and uppity people. the only silver lining here is that i am sort of giving, only because i hate myself so much that i want to serve others albeit in small ways and forget i exist, i want to be put last. at the same time though i hate that i am feeling so left outso i want to be heard and acknowledged, but i cannot get any acknowledgment or attention from who it matters most..i am a horrible person with sickening thoughts anyway, why should i get any sort of acknowledgment. i should not get to have friends, to have a girlfriend have not had one ever lol , to have a family that cares about me, to have hopes or dreams, i am nothing, i am no one important or special. i am just a dirty rag, i am the one cracked egg, the defective product, i have no purpose or use other than to be thrown away and discarded. i am understanding this and accepting this more and morehonestly i barely care at this point whether people care anymore. i do not carethats all that matters. i am trying to think of other things to say, but that is probably a sign that i should stop. i have said all i can say, i have said many things multiple times over. i am not unique, i am not special, i am not someone anyone wants to be friends with or someone to look up to, i have no special qualities, no good looks, no intelligence, no wit or ability to make others laugh, i do not make anyone feel special or noticed or important, i do not make anyone excited when i walk in the room, if anything i suck the life out of the room, everyone watches me from their peripheral view, analyzing me to see what i want or what i am going to do, eager to see me leave. i justdont get it. i serve zero purpose and have no function. when people on this sub or anywhere else try and give me to stay, what is the fucking reason? could not be because i will help humanity, could not be because i have some special to offer, could not be because i look good, or give people the giggles, or befriend others easily, or make people feel at ease and calm, important, heard, it could not be because of anything good is my damn point. what do you want me to just sit in the corner and merely exist for the sake of my family? what kind of fucking life is that? clearly no one in this world needs me, so you cannot possibly imply that there is some greater goal for me to achieve, or people to meet, or grand adventure to go on. i cannot do fucking anything that this world needs me to do, i cannot be anything this worlds need me to be, so just let me fucking go. unfortunately society will not help me in this endeavor, so i must undergo this task alone, via hanging of the self. it should be fun. i do not care about the pain or slow agony of suffocating anymore, if anything i look forward to it in a sick way. i know i do not matter and do not have any worth or use, so its for the best. i am a creepy weirdo anyway, so i am just imagining all the faces of the people who will feel at ease knowing there is one less potentially dangerous person in the world, and ill be happy knowing i will not live long enough to be one of them. so thanks for everything i guess, reddit has been a huge life saveruntil it is not i guess lmao. but seriously you guys helped me get through a lot of shitty moments, helped me fall under the illusion that i was not alone and i actually had a tribe, like i had found my people. i know my people do not exist, or if they do they are incredibly fucked up and nasty, and i do not want any empathy or compassion from them, i do not want to be related to them in any way shape or form. so ill choose to kill myself instead. i literally cannot wait. for those of you who are leaving with me, see you on the other side if there actually is one . hopefully its a much better place than this, and we can ride on the cloud tops laughing at all the suckers stuck down here thinking its worthwhile. that would be awesome haha. i am literally so excited
so i met this girl on tinder 1 1 2 years . we became friends with benefits because as an attractive man i run into a lot of women who only likes me for my looks but breaks up with me because my depression is so bad. and to mention between us two i was the more attractive one and she leaned more towards average. i was 22 when we met and she was 18. i enjoyed her intelligence and could look past the obvious difference in attractiveness. she took the time to understand my mental health and stuck by me through my issues. i also help her with her family issues because her father was emotionally abusive and her mother is classified as psychotic but refuses help. as time went on we became increasingly involved with each other romantically and sexually which we both always consented to. my mother kicked me out so i wanted to get an apartment and she offered to be my roommate because she could not handle her father any longer. we finally got the apartment and it was like a dream come true we were always happy and barely argued and had more sex than we could even imagine. we adopted a kitten and i worked over night at lowes as mst so i could barely stay awake to take care of the chores. and when i would be awake i would finally relax and play the xbox for a little. she did not have a job and was paying rent with unemployment checks. once unemployment ended i had to take care of the bills untill she could find a job 2 months later. i helped her start a tarot business and that brought in no where close to the amount required for rent. though i still supported her even after also paying late fees. so when it comes to my depression and suicidal thoughts its random and the only way id cope is by making music , gaming and smoking weed. her grandpa caused me to lose my job because he would always drop me off late even though i was paying him . so i was coping with this failure with my usually vices while she finally was hired . but i did not get the same support i displayed for her when she did not have a job . music was paying the rent until my song was stolen by bk the rula. so i was in the deepest void that i have ever been in because this apartment was my first attempt at independence. she usually took acid at least 3 times a month for meditative reasons and suggested that i should try it because someone said it helps with depression and self realization. i was skeptical so i did not take it until 2 months later. she planned on taking it at the same time so i finally consumed it. the problem is she did not take hers and went to bed. i did not know this and began feeling the effects. at first it was pleasant and gave me this feeling of joy and an unwavering arousal. but then things took a really bad turn . i owned color changing led lights and the walls felt like they were closing in on me. all i could think about was killing myself nothing felt real thus convincing me that if i died nothing would matter or be concrete. i started punching myself and trying to rip out my hair. then for some reason the flashing light got faster and increasingly vivid. i felt as if i was falling into my mattress while dying 1000 different ways in my mind but my thoughts felt like reality. nothing existed but my sad scarred soul. i finally convinced my broken mind to get up and ask her for help . i was gripping the sheets trying to find something that felt real or i would have surely slit my own throat. of course the feeling of arousal never left because that was the first reaction i received after consuming the substance. so her being the only woman i was intimate with i always felt comfort in her breasts and she has always consented prior to this incident. so for sum reason while under the influence i felt that her boob was the most concrete thing in my reality so i held it while being the big spoon. she instantly told me to back off so i got up and left immediately feeling shame loneliness. i felt meaningless and was convinced that i was truly alone and should not exist. i lost my mind in my room until i passed out. the next morning i was finally coming down and was beyond traumatized. i spoke to her and explained what happened but all she could focus on is how she was traumatized from me holding her boob. i reminded her that we shared a bed every other day and that cuddling like that is a normal occurrence because we loved each other and pretty much was dating without a label. she finally seen it from my side and understood how scary it might have been for me. she held me and told me she was sorry and that she should have noticed what was going on.she offered to have sex to make me feel better but i declined because i am not into sexual pity. also my depression has extremely increased since i have took the acid. the next morning i woke up and she was gone. she just abandoned the apartment and left me with the cat and half of my property was locked in her room. she did not come back until the last day and told everyone in my family and her friends that i sexually assaulted her. i was hurt and confused because i was left with a kitten and was losing my apartment that i worked so hard for. i paid for everything in there all she owned was a few things in her room. and to say i sexually assaulted her is a defamation to my image and character because i have never forced myself upon her .so i was angry , heart broken and betrayed so i attempted suicided by slicing down my wrist with a razor and the razor was pretty much half way lodged into my wrist . my mom found me before i could bleed out and rushed me to the er. when i got back home i got into the locked room grabbed all my things and sum evidence her diary that she started when we first moved in and left with my kitten. till this day she will not talk to me and is telling people i sexually assaulted her . am i in the wrong ? the experience in that room full of lights still replays in my head and haunts me to this day . my friend who was once raped twice in the dominican republic says that this situation does not count as sexual . can anyone give me advice on how to cope or what should i say to her or if i should take legal action? this would have never happened if i did not believe her and took the acid as a cure for depression. i was stupid for being so nave but therapy does not work and i am not up to taking any man made medications anymore . i just wanted to feel normal for once but i ended up feeling worse than when i started.sorry for any misspelling and grammatical errors. my fwb roommate betrayed me and claims i sexually assaulted her but i do not think i did, and i still love her. this caused me to lose my first apartment.help!
ever since i was little my parents have always fought and blamed everything on me, just turned 18 yesterday and still nothing has changed. my parents put there expectation on me initially becoming a tennis player, so they trained me for 11 years of my life, i had no childhood as i would immediately after 3.30pm after eating would play tennis 3 hours for years on end, high school was difficult as i was unable to multitask between tasks. i was good at tennis, but i know my limitations so i told them i give up they blamed me for months on end for ruing there dreams and money, i should have told them when i was younger but if i did i was scared what would happen to me as my parents hated despised my existence if i was no use to them.then i aimed to become a doctor, year 11, age 15, after breaking up with my first girlfriend who was my emotional scapegoat since my parents hated me, our relationship was toxic and my first love chose another individual because i was too much of a coward to ask her out. during when i had a girlfriend year 10, my parents would antagonise me that i should not fall in love, it ruined my tennis career and education. during my relationship with my girlfriend i realised the way my parents where treating me, my lack of social awareness and how enclosed my life was did not know youtube, anime, insta, etc. till i was 15 . so i slowly began to shut them out of my life, both parents would antagonise me, act like my support, but then immediately backstabbed me when they had the chance, blame everything on me and have me as a common enemy this was norm in my life and still is . my parents still antagonise me for falling in love to the point, i am so depressed that my friends slowly forgot about me and the only form of happiness i still have left is anime, lego or games.my parents antagonise me on how successful they are and how much of a disgrace i'am compared to them, i am a freeloading leech that takes everything for granted, whilst offering nothing in return. the way my parents brought me up i have speech impediment stutter and i cannot formulate sentences quickly and i struggle to talk , i get bullied and still laugh, get emotional scarred and people still expect me to smile. i only laugh and smile at school while i had friends, but since i graduated i have no friends and no one talks to me, except my parents who ostracise my very existence as a mistake everyday. also during a biology class after receiving crappy marks in chemistry and getting scolded by my parents, i slit my wrist with a scalpel, my friends at the time took me to the nurse and i had some medicine band aid applied to my wrist, scared of what my parents will say to me i hid it, when i woke up, my band aid was gone and i was sure they saw it since i live in a small apartment i sleep in the same room. come morning it seemed as if they did not care or wanted to care about my injury. i wanted to kill myself since the age of 5, i prayed i would die everyday to relive my parents burden of having me, i was too afraid to end it myself, so i would hope i got into a freak accident or was killed, unfortunately nothing has happened yet.i go uni now and study software engineering, having received a atar of 77.85, which was a far cry from studying medicine. i want to make friends at uni but my speech impediment, how i look i am not exactly what you call a good looking guy, i know i am ugly , but i still continue to falsely hope on. i skipped over alot of my past because it is better left unknown. i just turned 18 yesterday, i was hoping i would die before turning into a adult, kind of disappointed to be honest, woke up immediately scolded for looking sad, i only had 2 friends remember my birthday, 2 family friends and my parents obligated wishes. as time flew more and more people forgot about me, which is not bad because i always wanted to be forgotten i guess. when cutting the cake, the asked me to smile, but i would not since i was sad i was still alive. they started to curse me like always for not being thankful for what i have, they always like to monitor what i do so they check my phones and stuff. i have a younger sibling who is blessed, they receive everything from my parents i wish i had, whom i also stopped talking to after my parents routinely check on my email, where they discovered me and my friends joke round calling each other names and stuff. one of my friends called me gay as a joke, which my sister called me infront of all her friends who are in highschool too. the only person who i had close relations with made me feel betrayed for putting trust in them. my parents made me reconcile with them, which i acted as i did, but never felt that they were sincere happened 2 years ago . i am trying to get my first job at retail so i leave the house more and can contribute money to the family and am not a leech, but no one is hiring since covid and i have no work experience. so i need to wait until covid bans are lifted if i am still alive lol.now to today, my parents spoke to me again about how much of a disappointment i'am, i make myself numb to pain by holding back tears and looking pan face all the time, but i cried for the first time to them for the first time in 2 years despite them calling me out for different things, even them all wishing i was dead and if they had known i was going to be born they would have aborted me or calling me a mistake. my parents said they probably made a mistake when they received there baby from the nursery, which broke my heart. i act stone face to hide my tears and sadness, but i did not say anything back to them, because whenever i did i would make things worse for myself by expressing my feelings. imagine ur friend consoling you despite being reluctant, when you finally get consoled, there pissed at you for taking forever and things get worse. like that so i just be quiet and only nod my head or giving 1 2 word answers. they feel no remorse and continued to talk to me. later on one of them comes and asks me why i cried saying they were surprised, i choose not to say anything so they lecture me for 1 hr 30mins asking why, telling me there hardships and how much of a failure i am. here i am now on the verge of decided whether to jump of my apartment or not, i have written and signed a couple of draft notes on what i done to my body after i die donated to medical research or organ transplants , removes more burdens of my parents. idk what to do sorry for wasting your time, this is more of a rant if anything. thank you for your time and sorry for my bad english despite it being my first language. what do i do?
hello everyone! i just want to put a disclaimer that i am poor right now and i cannot afford therapy or even just the medicine alone.i grew out of wedlock and after a year of marriage, they had annulled their marriage because divorce is impossible here. i am barely hanging on a thread right now despite being currently semi stable. so, i grew up to be extremely neglected by my parents, having no emotional support and it was really tough because i could not cry in front of my mom as it was considered weak. i would like to say that we are decently close because i came out as gay to her and my family included, but she is not really the type to give any emotional affection especially now that i am older. i have not heard any i love you s from both of my parents and they cannot tell me directly how they are feeling and that i have the same situation. we do not communicate at all and i am already 18 so i do not absolutely know what it is like to be loved through affirmations and physical affection. currently, both of them have their own separate families and i am staying with my mom, but of course, i am living near poverty. it sucks because i have not really felt what family is nor do i feel belonged because most of the time it is forced interactions. my father messaged me that he was sorry, but he is not really because he just happened to know what was happening to me. if he was sorry, then he would have been at the start. there is too many information i could say, but know that i was emotionally neglected by both of my parents because they were too busy, too selfish, and too complacent.anyway, i just wanted to know if it is normal to feel and say to myself these words while growing up i want to die ? it probably started on elementary when i was constantly bullied both physically and emotionally by my classmates and i remember trying to open up to my mother. i downplayed every problem i faced to my mom because she would often say how she is filled with problems, so naturally i had to talk to her in a non worrying and non stressful manner. she said to just be strong and fight back, and i did. for many years, i pointed a knife on my chest and wanted to stab myself with it many times at that age. but, i eventually moved on from that because i stood up for myself. it did lessen, but to my female classmate, it got worse.moving on to 7th grade, i transferred and of course i was again on the center of ridicule with somehow showcasing slightly feminine behaviors. it was stupid, but i was made fun of, though i ignored it because i was better than them. i was intelligent i was better than most of the kids at my age, however, i knew that i was going to be ridiculed always and such thoughts came back.moving on to 8th grade where i transferred again because we moved places again, i was in a new environment. a more competitive environment whose friend groups and cliques have already formed and stabilized. i was basically an outcast in a block section of 40 students. i was terrified of crowds, i would often get nervous when conversing to other people, but that was fixed by myself when i joined rotc for high school. anyway, with me being an outcast and people avoiding me because they already have their own friends and also me having a quirky personality, i often spent my time alone or trying my best to sit with others. since, i felt so deprived of friendship and bonds, i subconsciously wrote i want to die again in a piece of paper because that is what i felt and i never talked about it to my mother, even up until now.9th grade came and i was raped by my uncle. i was scared and scarred, mainly because i thought i was going to contract any virus. i attempted to ask help from my mom, but i downplayed it again to just a dream and mentioned it was vague. i was afraid of putting someone in jail, afraid of what others will think of me, and afraid of what will happen in the future. up to this day, i am still frightened by the thought and image of him, but i already have moved on from the nightmare. i cried many nights because i still did not have any close friends and i was always called weird. 10th grade was a bit better and more tolerable and i ranked 2nd on the whole batch. this was the time, before i transferred again to 11th grade, i hooked up with someone from grindr. it was mainly a one time thing, but then when i reached 11th grade and moved to a more populated area, i found myself using that app many times to seek comfort, connections, and distractions to my problems. this was the time i recognized my mental health was worsening even more. i attempted to jump off a building twice, but failed. first was i talked myself out of it and the second was i slipped backwards and broke down. or so i like to tell myself. i made those two scenarios up because that would at least have a more viable scenario for my situation. truth is, i am scared of pain and being shouted to at. i fear being left out when people come in my life. it is what it is, but i am damaged. i mentioned to my mom i was suicidal, but she also said that she is suicidal and i should deal with my thing.12th grade and graduation came and until now, i realized a lot of things. i know who to blame for damaging and scarring me and i have been trying my best to cope. again, there were so many scares that i dealt with hiv scare i am negative , but when you gain enlightenment, it is just dragging you even more down to the abyss. all the nights i cried and had panic attacks, all the unnecessary self hate by hooking up and trying to od myself, and all the negative suicidal thoughts in my head right now are all present in my head clashing.right now, death is the closest comfort i have because i cannot handle these emotions and thoughts anymore. i feel suffocated, trapped in my own hell. i do not want to be abandoned i want to be loved and to be hugged, and be said that i matter to the people i care and think about. i think i might just take my life sooner or later. i made a promise to myself to kill myself in two years if i do not find a constant source of happiness and i feel as if things are being faster and now i just want to remove the mountain on my back and finally feel peace through death. i just want to be loved, but it seems comfort and eternal peace is my only option right now. i do not want to be invalidated that those are not my options because 1 i am poor, 2 my parents and i do not communicate about our feelings and experiences, and 3 death is a permanent solution to my permanent problems. i have been suicidal since i was really young
as the title says, i feel defeated. ready to just end my life and never have to worry about this constant cycle of stress, only to see a glimmer of hope that gets crushed as soon as you think it is safe to reach for it. it genuinely feels like life, for me and people like me, in this society specifically, is only granted to prove that hope truly is not viable and that our lives and our beings are merely stepping stones for the more lucky.i used to genuinely love people. deeply, unconditionally love people. i still do, but i hate to admit that because it makes me naive and open for hurt. and it extends to most all people, and before i could handle the fact that people are imperfect, that is fine, i can still handle that. i still feel that love for people in my life, even despite terrible low points. i have always been able to forgive, and distance, and move on if wronged. not wishing bad on those who wronged me. i still do not. but that changed these past few years. i went into a deep depression, and i still have not gotten over past trauma my dysfunctional family inflicted on me. that they still inflict. because i love them, and i forgive them and recognize what they did was wrong but i still care about them because we are all only human on this planet. there is always a reason and meaning, and people have good in them most of the time. if they do not expand it, i just distance but still wish for them to change and do what is best. so i distance, but the distance does not fix my mental state, or the distrust and pain that plagues me and my current relationships to others. i am secretive. i find that to be my biggest downfall. i never allow myself to be truly open, and i lock away deeply intimate parts of myself and the things i enjoy and love personally. i never share my writing, the things i enjoy most, or my media preferences. even though it is all harmless, i keep it under wraps, and i know it is due to trauma from my upbringing. i can link it distinctly. nobody would expect my death, and i know they would not because even my partner has no idea how debilitating my mental health gets. and it makes me angry, i feel burned. i am not able to be myself. i am not able to honestly connect with those in my day to day life. i was forced to hide most everything about me growing up, lest it be suppressed or judged harshly or used to hurt me. and i cannot do it anymore. i have lost so much of myself that i will never find those pieces again, to put myself back together whole. words are only a temporary distraction before it all comes down to crush me again. and, for that, i know that without the 24 7 distractions of other people and work and hobbies i cannot function. i am not whole on my own, mentally or physically, i feel. my cousin committed suicide 5 years ago and it is like a mirror and some days i envy them. i envy that they escaped, and i hate myself for even being capable of thinking that way. i feel like a hypocrite, for thinking of doing what i have begged and convinced others not to do.i am currently unemployed due to the pandemic. started taking care of a stray, now i have kittens to take care of as well. i cannot drive due to disability, which makes things harder, i feel too burdening on my partner. so i push myself into freelance work, up keeping everything to a high standard, never taking a break from videos or auditory outlets as i work, always distracting myself. but it is all a distraction, and i am wearing on them when they ask about what is wrong and i open up about my mental health or have anxiety attacks or mental breakdowns. why are you like this why do you have to be like this? i cannot stay in this relationship if you cannot get better. why is something always wrong with you? cannot you do this later why do you have to do this right now? what the fuck do you expect me to do what the fuck is wrong with you now? and so i keep it all down, i suppress it, and i feel physically awful all the time. chronic migraines, i never get a break where my mind is not trying to distract itself or is not in an existential dread or downfall. it is not worth living like this, even as much as i love my pets and partner and family. i do not want to leave them but i feel i have to. i wish it was like the romanticized versions of mental health issues. where your partner holds you and tells you it will be okay, instead of the reality of your partner getting stressed and cracking every now and then and yelling and making it worse and saying hurtful things that come back around the next time, no matter how hard you try to forget it. when i get like that, being held and told it is going to be okay sounds like something otherworldly and heavenly and amazing. i really want to end it all, especially knowing that i will never have that. i have had that maybe a few times, and only after being torn down, only after the person who has the misfortune of seeing me like that calms down. even then, they never learn a better way to handle it, or listen to me or care to remember when i try to get out what i need and how to handle the situation i say what my therapist has told me to tell others, it does not work because i guess they all forget. it is a cycle of pain, relief at last, and then forget. then repeat. constantly. and i am too weak to handle it. there is good reason for me living. i know if i passed many would miss me greatly and my pets would likely be confused or miss me as well. i do not want that to happen, i suppose, but i want to end this constant suffering and that seems like a small price to pay. though i also do love being sentient and conscious, i love listening and seeing and hearing new things. i love learning, and in this world and universe there is so much to learn, i could spend a lifetime doing so, even though i may not have access to formal higher education i have a phone and access to videos, lectures, news and studies. that might be worth sticking around for, but i only love it so much because it is a distraction from my deeper troubles. so why dwell in it and continue the distraction? even when i write this stuff, it makes me cry hard because towards the end i realize how much i enjoy life and living, and i realize how hard and near incapable i am of doing so fully. it makes me feel shattered and bleak. why even write it at all?it feels like i cannot even trust my own brain anymore. i already cannot trust it. why even go on if i cannot trust my own brain? i just want to be happy like i was before. i feel defeated
my husband has a ton of his own problems, and has been very suicidal in the past actual attempts , mostly before i knew him, but he has been threatening suicide since i have known him. there is a bunch of complicated reasons for everything here, but i am not going to go into details. we have a 5 year old daughter. she was not planned, and we were not married. he is not an involved parent. i am basically a single parent. i take my daughter to visit family often. when we are home, he does not spend any significant time with her and he has never done any caretaking. he blames his lack of involvement on the fact that we are often away, and then on his own mental health problems. he blames me for everything.this morning my daughter was screaming and hitting me and coming after me because i said no to something she wanted. i left the room and went into the room he was sleeping in. i put it in quotes because he was trying to just sleep through all of it, though there was no way anyone could have. i asked for some help. like, just some backup, someone else to come in and just say no and hold the boundary because she was physically coming after me. we do not physically punish our daughter and try not to even yell. he got up angrily and berated me for not being able to defend myself against a toddler. i figured at that point that i had made the wrong choice involving him but i could never have guessed what was coming. we got to the bedroom door that she had slammed and locked. i was bending down and picking up the key thing that had fallen off the door frame to unlock the door, when he just grabbed the door handle and slammed his shoulder into the door, breaking through. the force was like when police bust through doors in movies, and it all happened so fast.my daughter was standing right in front of the door on the other side. like, holding the handle, when he did this. the door knob hit her in the forehead with unimaginable force, and she went flying backwards over some stupid wooden rocking horse that was by the door. i have never in my life been so shocked and scared and angry, i could not believe what had just happened. i ran through the door, immediately picked her up and brought her to the bed and just held her while we both cried hysterically. i know that parents are supposed to stay calm when injuries and things happen but i just could not in this situation i was basically hyperventilating i was crying so hard. he immediately started minimizing what had just happened. arguing semantics when i screamed why would you break the door down? saying i did not break it down, i broke through like, big difference?? and then almost blaming her for standing by the door when no one could have predicted what he was going to do, especially her. you cannot see through a door, and you should just assume someone might get hurt if you break through it with no warning. kept calling it an accident, and while i understand that it was not the same thing as walking up to her and punching her in the face, he still made an angry, violent choice with no regard for her safety. he also kept saying it was nothing compared to what would happen to him at his parents' hands, like that somehow makes this better, or less damaging.a nurse advice line was called. she is not showing signs of concussion. but what the actual fuck. i do not feel like i can forgive this. i started packing up. i feel like i need to get my daughter away. like permanently. i admit that in my immediate shock, anger and fear i was screaming things at him like, do not touch her! and we are done, we are never coming back here! so after things calmed down a bit, he started what i knew was coming. he started deflecting all sorts of things in all sorts of ways he all but accused my parents and me of beating her when she gets normal bruises and scrapes from playing tripping while running, etc. because he does not know what we are capable of and he is not there to see. and he said that whenever i lose my temper and yell at her it is arguably worse and more traumatizing to her than this one mistake. next he started saying that he will wait til august but he is just going to kill himself. because of all the reasons, but especially now because i am basically saying we are gone and this life is over now. i understand that suicide is not inherently selfish, but can you imagine being a little girl who got a severe head wound when her dad bust through her door in a fit of anger, felt at fault for standing there in the first place, and then a couple weeks later, her dad kills himself after basically telling her that this accident is the reason why? she is not a baby, she will remember this, but she is also not an adult who could separate his existing problems and not blame herself. so i am completely frozen. all i want to do is get away from him, but i know that if i do, the chances of him actually killing himself skyrocket. there is no one to call for him. all i could do is get the authorities involved and have him committed or something. i am also afraid to go to my family and tell them what happened. i cannot lie, i cannot teach her to hide what actually happened, that would be terribly damaging. but when i tell them, it is all over. they already have issues with him but they put up with him because he is her dad. they sometimes voice fear about us going home and ask if he would ever hurt us. i have never had reason to believe that he would, but now all of that is changed and there is no going back, whether this was a mistake or not. he will not be welcome at their house anymore, and they will not allow us to come back here.i feel like this is completely my fault. i should have just given her what she wanted before it turned into a tantrum. i should have never involved him. if i had not said no to her and then gotten him involved, none of this would have happened! she would not have gotten hurt in this awful way, and he would not be threatening to kill himself over it. it is my fault.i have no idea what to do. i tried to open a crisis chat a bunch of times before i made this post but i got too scared that they would be like mandated reporters or something, be able to track us down, and that would just make everything worse at this moment in time. i do not know why i am posting this even. i have no one to talk to. i am sorry. i do not know what to do
my husband has a ton of his own problems, and has been very suicidal in the past actual attempts , mostly before i knew him, but he has been threatening suicide since i have known him. there is a bunch of complicated reasons for everything here, but i am not going to go into details. we have a 5 year old daughter. she was not planned, and we were not married. he is not an involved parent. i am basically a single parent. i take my daughter to visit family often. when we are home, he does not spend any significant time with her and he has never done any caretaking. he blames his lack of involvement on the fact that we are often away, and then on his own mental health problems. he blames me for everything.this morning my daughter was screaming and hitting me and coming after me because i said no to something she wanted. i left the room and went into the room he was sleeping in. i put it in quotes because he was trying to just sleep through all of it, though there was no way anyone could have. i asked for some help. like, just some backup, someone else to come in and just say no and hold the boundary because she was physically coming after me. we do not physically punish our daughter and try not to even yell. he got up angrily and berated me for not being able to defend myself against a toddler. i figured at that point that i had made the wrong choice involving him but i could never have guessed what was coming. we got to the bedroom door that she had slammed and locked. i was bending down and picking up the key thing that had fallen off the door frame to unlock the door, when he just grabbed the door handle and slammed his shoulder into the door, breaking through. the force was like when police bust through doors in movies, and it all happened so fast.my daughter was standing right in front of the door on the other side. like, holding the handle, when he did this. the door knob hit her in the forehead with unimaginable force, and she went flying backwards over some stupid wooden rocking horse that was by the door. i have never in my life been so shocked and scared and angry, i could not believe what had just happened. i ran through the door, immediately picked her up and brought her to the bed and just held her while we both cried hysterically. i know that parents are supposed to stay calm when injuries and things happen but i just could not in this situation i was basically hyperventilating i was crying so hard. he immediately started minimizing what had just happened. arguing semantics when i screamed why would you break the door down? saying i did not break it down, i broke through like, big difference?? and then almost blaming her for standing by the door when no one could have predicted what he was going to do, especially her. you cannot see through a door, and you should just assume someone might get hurt if you break through it with no warning. kept calling it an accident, and while i understand that it was not the same thing as walking up to her and punching her in the face, he still made an angry, violent choice with no regard for her safety. he also kept saying it was nothing compared to what would happen to him at his parents' hands, like that somehow makes this better, or less damaging.a nurse advice line was called. she is not showing signs of concussion. but what the actual fuck. i do not feel like i can forgive this. i started packing up. i feel like i need to get my daughter away. like permanently. i admit that in my immediate shock, anger and fear i was screaming things at him like, do not touch her! and we are done, we are never coming back here! so after things calmed down a bit, he started what i knew was coming. he started deflecting all sorts of things in all sorts of ways he all but accused my parents and me of beating her when she gets normal bruises and scrapes from playing tripping while running, etc. because he does not know what we are capable of and he is not there to see. and he said that whenever i lose my temper and yell at her it is arguably worse and more traumatizing to her than this one mistake. next he started saying that he will wait til august but he is just going to kill himself. because of all the reasons, but especially now because i am basically saying we are gone and this life is over now. i understand that suicide is not inherently selfish, but can you imagine being a little girl who got a severe head wound when her dad bust through her door in a fit of anger, felt at fault for standing there in the first place, and then a couple weeks later, her dad kills himself after basically telling her that this accident is the reason why? she is not a baby, she will remember this, but she is also not an adult who could separate his existing problems and not blame herself. so i am completely frozen. all i want to do is get away from him, but i know that if i do, the chances of him actually killing himself skyrocket. there is no one to call for him. all i could do is get the authorities involved and have him committed or something. i am also afraid to go to my family and tell them what happened. i cannot lie, i cannot teach her to hide what actually happened, that would be terribly damaging. but when i tell them, it is all over. they already have issues with him but they put up with him because he is her dad. they sometimes voice fear about us going home and ask if he would ever hurt us. i have never had reason to believe that he would, but now all of that is changed and there is no going back, whether this was a mistake or not. he will not be welcome at their house anymore, and they will not allow us to come back here.i feel like this is completely my fault. i should have just given her what she wanted before it turned into a tantrum. i should have never involved him. if i had not said no to her and then gotten him involved, none of this would have happened! she would not have gotten hurt in this awful way, and he would not be threatening to kill himself over it. it is my fault.i have no idea what to do. i tried to open a crisis chat a bunch of times before i made this post but i got too scared that they would be like mandated reporters or something, be able to track us down, and that would just make everything worse at this moment in time. i do not know why i am posting this even. i have no one to talk to. i am sorry. i do not know what to do
hi all, in my short 19 years on this earth i have been through many trials and triumphs but my life seems to be getting progressively worse and i have not had the best life i ever and already feel like i have lived a lifetime worth of experiences due to the trauma i have experienced in my life like sexual, emotional, physical abuse, stabbed someone when i was 17 and attacked them with mallet due to bullying, being involved with a police chase, surviving car accident, being a addict and addicted to alcohol at age 17 until last year age 19 ,being deaf in left ear from birth, survived surgery, survived many illness and infection as a young child, and being revived at birth due to oxygen loss, severe bullying, i have had around 50 60 suicidal episodes last year and have had many more prior. i managed to obtain my ncea lvl 1,2,3 even though i was kicked out of school due to being sevely bullied and having everyone hate me, i have had many fun sexual experiences, done some pretty crazy and one of a kind stuff, seen and done things alot of people could ever do etc. i always made sure to live every day as if it was my last and live fearless so i have lived my life on the edge and to the fullest although i was lonely and sad alot of it due to anxiety and past trauma. but things were starting to look up around last year i acquired a good job and a wonderful partner s.c. ironically i had my car accident 15mins after i dropped her off at a friend's place as she stayed at mine and we had only met in person the night before. but our relationship prospered and that crash made me become clean from alcohol and drugs because of the thought of her and prospect of career and family i have always wanted to raise children and live on a farm in the countryside etc. but... my life has changed for the worst now initially my illness started about 1am on jan 18th 2021 after i awoke from a vivid nightmare drenched in sweat then i had an auditory hallucination and diahorrea and vertigo and derealization confusion and brainfog and was shivering with chills but after i went back to sleep it went away within 1 day and in between time i went on holiday and suffered vertigo and ear pain on the car ride down and the initial sickness did not appear until feb 9th i got the bad flu w sore throat, vertigo, ear pain, coughing, running nose, chills, diahorrea etc. and on feb 13th i then suffered derealization, severe brainfog, crying and sadness and anxiety, rem sleep issues like falling sensation that jolts awake, flashing behind eyelids, hypnogogic hallucination, constant vivid nightmares every night, head pressure, diahorrea, excessive urination and short term memory loss and a bunch of other stuff then around early march came a psychotic ocd presentation where i had this delusion i was developing shitzophrenia and had an intense fear of it and constantly googled it then that sort of stopped and the derealization died down a bit and i was left with andeonia complete loss of emotions and then severe depression and mood swings the came these mini stroke seizures and severe brainfog that happened around start of last month and every time i had them i was getting memory loss after long term and short term almost dementia like memory loss then i developed an internal vibration. so currently of now my symptoms are a slight brainfog, internal vibration, dementia memory loss, vivid nightmares still having hypnogogic hallucination upon waking, minor head pressure, crying and sadness severe depression, and complete loss of emotional enjoyment in life, loss of track of time and what is going on around me, inability to retain information, loss of imagination, hair thinning, easily bruising, loss of libido, abdomen pain. so as of now i am 5.5 months into this illness and shts only getting worse i have had many blood tests, tried different diets, meds help with mood but none of the other symptoms, tried therapy, had 2 ct scans of head w o contrast tried heaps nothing works. i personally think it is maybe autoimmune encephalitis due to a virus, covid maybe? not sure. so yeah i am pre much f'ed atm. me and my girlfriend do long distance and she has stuck by me all through this, she flys up to where i live today as her family lives here and she comes up every school holidays i love her so much and she says she loves and supports me and will do till death and we are keeping each other alive as she struggles with her own issues too but i just feel useless and dead. an example is my nana she is in a dementia home and you look into her eyes and the life is just gone... no soul, just a lost mind trapped within a body that imprisons her that is how i feel atm and i do not want this to go on forever as i cannot feel life and emotions and feel severaly disconnected from everything and have impaired cognitive function as well as experiencing symptoms on the daily. i have always had a different insight on life i feel and have always thought and felt different from others idk why but i just have i feel special in this world and sometimes i wonder if it is just me alive and everyone else is figure of imagination idek haha. my plan is too spend my last 2 weeks with her and then if i feel no better or see no reason to continue then i will end it. sorry for all the words and wall of text you prolly do not need my life story but i want to make sure my story is read by atleast someone before i go.as many of you know its a dog eat dog world and weakness is not tolerated and only the strongest survive unfortunately i am no longer strong and just a she will of a man really so yeah i was crying afraid of death and asking why this has happened to me for ages every night alone but i now realise maybe the good go first so we do not experience as much suffering as the bad who live on and generally die alone. the world is a strange place atm and is just full of pain, narcassism, suffering, corruption. i also tried talking to my parents to provide guidance and they just tell me to accept my fate so yeah idek p thanks for reading this far btw and god bless. 19 year old male my life is over.
i do not think many people saw my post from earlier this week but the tl dr is i have been suicidal for a while but especially the last month or so, there is a forest fire raging less than 10 miles from my house, i called the suicide hotline because the fire and the thought of evacuation are making me feel way more ready to actually end myself. the suicide hotline operator told me that she thought i was a prank caller, then implied i should stop calling because i have called before multiple times , and hung up on me.i thought the fire was bad a few days ago, but its only 2 miles from my house now. the forest service has done nothing to prevent the fire until today, and even right now they will not answer any calls from people in the town, and they only have those bucket helicopters working and no ground crew called my aunt who works for the forest service the next town over on the other side of the fire and she filled my family in . they tried to back burn but we do not know how much it helped. there is so much smoke that there were times today you could not even see the sun. i am watching it as i type and i can actually see the trees catching flame from this distance. its surreal.i have had most of my belongings packed for the last three days in case i really did need to leave, but i am honestly having trouble imagining myself being able to pack up, evacuate, and not kill myself. i was already planning on killing myself at the end of the summer, because i dropped out of college after two semesters and am already going to be stuck in debt until i am dead anyway, and ill never be able to go back, even if i wanted to. my only source of income will be burned in the fire if my home burns down because its a farm. i am friendless, boyfriendless, i am broke, my family is a mess. i am lonely as hell. i have probably got half a dozen mental problems that i need professional help for, but i am uninsured and broke, and the one therapy session i have gone to she ignored me when i tried to explain my problems and symptoms and just made me answer a mhs questionnaire she read off her computer. and i cannot stop thinking about my boyfriend who killed himself last year. i have got some shitty stuff going on right now and i cannot see myself finding a way out of it besides taking my own life.i cannot wrap my head around the way the suicide hotline operator acted. what the hell did i say or do that made her think my call was disingenuous? is it because i have called there before? i have before because it really had helped me up to this point to deal with all the horrible things in my life i do not know how to deal with. a few times the calls have felt forced and like the operator was just trying to get me off the line, but for so many of the times i talked to someone it honestly felt like they gave a shit about me, which is something that i do not really think i have felt from the people in my real life in the same amount in a long time.i am trying hard not to feel hurt because that feels like it would be petty and selfish, but... i am hurt for myself, but also strangely worried, i guess. i may still be here three days later but i feel more prepared, willing, and able to kill myself than i ever have before in my life. i even have half of a suicide note drafted for if i have to do it. what would have happened if she had said that to someone who was holding the gun or the rope or the bottle of pills in their hand already? what the hell would have happened to someone who got her when they called in and were maybe just hoping to to talk to someone before they died, and instead got accused of trying to abuse the system for their own amusement and were hung up on?how the hell could someone who works at one of these lines, who are supposed to be trained in talking people down from these urges. how could someone accuse someone who calls in of being a prankster and try to shame them for this perceived attack, then after hearing the caller promise that they were genuinely afraid that they were going to commit suicide and wanted some comfort or help, tell them that they have called too much before, and then hang up. i cannot stop thinking about what would have happened if someone else made that call instead of me.this makes things more complicated, but even though i feel angry, i also feel bad and guilty for feeling angry. these operators are overworked volunteers, and i know they have a script and a time limit, and they cannot actually offer any advice, and a bunch of other things that they can and cannot do. these people are signing up to try to help people but still have a lot of limits and stressors put on them to be able to do so. their because is noble, even if their methodology is flawed. and i know that they get horrible horrible prank callers and sex callers all the time, so i can understand trying to make sure they are not wasting their time on those who steal it for their own pleasure when real people suffer when they do not get the support they need. i feel terrible for feeling hurt and angry at someone who was probably just trying to do her volunteer job to the best of her abilities. but i just cannot get her voice out of my head, especially now that i am sitting in my field watching the trees go up in flames in naked eyesight, and now that i am trying to think of the fastest and least messy way to kill myself when i leave. i cannot get it out of my head that she, and maybe all the other people who helped me, might have spent most of our calls thinking i was making it up for attention or for a laugh or god forbid for sexual perversion. i know that i cannot call back to them even though i do not know if i know how to deal with this stuff without calling them and asking. all the other times they have helped me feel tainted now, which makes me feel way worse about my problems. i just do not know what to say do think or feel anymore. update the fire has gotten worse
i am alone. i do not mean i do not feel close to anyone , i mean, i am literally alone.and i cannot do it any longer. if i could figure out a way to end it that would definitely work and not just leave me with too high a risk of just suffering any more, i would do it right now. but i do not even have the energy to work out anything that i could do that i have not failed to do before.i am a student. i have just finished the first year of my degree. results are published in a couple days and i think i have done enough to continue to next year but there is at least one module that i am going to have to resit in august. i do not particularly care about any of that, it is just context. i am supposed to be doing a 6 week research internship, but i have got 2.5 weeks left of it and i have not even started writing the paper i am supposed to be working on. i care about it so much but that is the problem. i do not have the emotional capacity to deal with aiming for a career that i care about. it is too personal, something completely unrelated can happen and trigger me and i switch off completely. i am never going to be able to hold down a job like this. i have got flatmates, but i have just moved in here and i have yet to meet anyone. i keep moving in with groups of strangers. i am living in other people's space. it sounds so stupid but all i want is to live somewhere where i have got my own space in a kitchen cupboard, a shelf in the fridge. not just treading on other people's toes all of the time. most undergraduate students go home for the summer. i am not allowed to call halls home , even though this is the only home i have. i do not have any family, i do not have friends to go and see. this is not the most lonely i have ever been. i spent march 2020 september 2020 living in 1 bed flat, completely alone. i became entirely nocturnal, blew all my savings on a nintendo switch so that i could play animal crossing, listened to discworld audiobooks back to back and walked miles every day so much so that i have irreperably damaged my hip . in that time, i had 5 face to face conversations. and then i left my hometown and moved away to the city i am in now, where i have zero friends, to study. i have gone 512 days without being hugged. i got a hug a couple weeks ago, but it was just a brief thing. nowhere near enough. i think about it every day. i want someone to hold me. properly hold me. tightly. rub my back and hold my hand. i cannot even remember the last time i had physical human contact that was at all satisfying. i pet every cat i meet, i put damp towels in the drier and then stuff them in a hoodie and hold that because the warmth is comforting. but it is nowhere near enough. i have nobody that i can tell that i am struggling, nevermind that i am actively suicidal again. i am nearly 21, i have been trying to end myself since i was 12. i have had people that i could rely on, trust, feel safe with, but for reasons that are rarely anyone's fault, i always end up being left eventually. it is just circumstance. but i miss people so bad. there are 2 groups of people, people i love dearly and who love me equally but being close is not possible and people who are so much more special to me than i have ever been or ever could be to them. my childhood was not horrific. but it did suck. my birthgivers had too many of their own issues. i did not feel safe at home, ever. there was a lot of bad stuff that happened. so i left when i was 18. i have never looked back, never missed them. but from being a teenager i have had to deal with desperately wanting someone to take care of me. i have had to do so much alone. i was left to deal with my own illnesses because no one around me was well enough to. i was bullied everywhere i went and i had to hide it from home because it was too much for anyone to deal with, and my problems caused too much stress and too much stress caused danger for me. i make up stories in my head. of lying on the floor having hurt myself, badly that bits real but then someone walks in and scoops me up and takes me away to a safe place and takes care of me. and i mean that in the most literal way, yeah i want the emotional care, love even, but i would have done anything at 15 for someone to clean my injuries, make me a hot meal, give me a quiet place to rest. i get nightmares. often about things that have happened to me or around me. i wake up on the edge of screaming, often sobbing. right now it is almost every night. sometimes a few times a night. that moment waking up is the most vulnerable i feel these days. everything i want in that moment is impossible. i want to throw myself into someone else's arms. i want protecting. but even if i had a person close by, i know i could never do that. i cannot expect anyone to ever do that for me, it is not fair to do that to anyone. if someone else asked me to do the same, i could not do it. i know i have to fix myself on my own. i have to be able to be kind enough to myself to give myself everything no one else could. but everyone who repeats the the only person you can rely on is yourself thing, always seems to have someone . or at least, has had someone. and yeah, i have had good people. but i always had to go home alone at the end of the day. when i ended up in hospital, i went alone. when i move flats, i have always done that alone. when other people get to ask for help, i have never had that. so now i am just done. i can do everything right , but i cannot do enough for myself. i cannot fix myself. i cannot even fix myself enough that i could ever have a healthy relationship with someone else. i have so much to give, but too much baggage. i wish i could love someone. so this is it forever, until i can make it end. i cannot face being alone anymore
i wrote this for other subreddits, but i guess it is relevant here as well.disclaimer this will get a bit dark and may contain some grammar or spelling errors since i wrote it pretty fast.probably going to be a long post. before i get into the details, i want to talk about myself and why i was the way i was. when i was young, i was a normal kid. when i moved houses around the age of 11, i became a bit of a loner. i was always a bit quiet, but i really fell off now. i found some unsavoury sides of the internet at this time, where older people seemed to like that i was young i think you get what i mean . well the creeps turned me into a creep as well. i really do not want to talk about this. i also developed self esteem issues as i got made fun of by girls around this time as well and i knew i was unattractive. but around when i was 14 15, i saw this girl that blew me away. she had braces and glasses, and braided hair, and the prettiest smile. i switched classes the next day and never saw her as often, but i dreamt of her a lot. eventually, after being a loser and creep for a few years, i somehow became attractive to some people in my senior year. i stopped being a creep and with a competent social life now, i was not as depressed. this is where it gets really hollywood esque, the girl i had a crush on for years and i start talking. one thing led to another and we started dating. it was good for a day, but then my fears hit me. i was scared of her. i never had that sort of attention before and i was scared she would find out about who i was it fucked with me in many ways. i wanted to end it right then, but i stayed. it was amazing in so many ways after that, but my mental issues brought some minor relationship issues as well. there would be times, where i just wanted to run away. i know it sounds like i should be happy, but after being ignored and laughed at for a while, then suddenly feeling wanted by not just her but others as well really messed with me in the oddest way that i will not pretend to understand. it felt good in a way, but the transition was so quick that i was still the same piece of shit on the inside despite the image i portrayed. all the good in me came out when i was with her though my best friend said he had never seen me be a good person to so many people. i was happy, even into the pandemic. this is where it started to get dark again. few months in, we had really bonded, but my self esteem issues popped up again and i became a creep again. i spent time online and fell deeper into the hole until i ended up sharing a pic of hers that i should not have shared and everything changed her face was not in it, but i knew it the moment i did it, i really messed up. i deleted the image and fell into a deep depression. i told her i was a shitty boyfriend and that i fucked up, and she said she did not want to know. she was very attached to me at the time. i fell into a deep depression and became a she will. i cried to her a lot and she did not understand why. i revealed stuff about me bit by bit for the next few months. the deeper i got, the more depressed i got since i disassociated with myself a lot so it was hitting me as well. my insecurities and everything else. well, then came the last month. we were basically inseparable, i loved her more than anything in my life and this angel cared for me and loved me as well. i was over the honeymoon phase pretty quick, so i knew this was real. regardless, i became suicidal. kept a knife in my room just in case i only cut myself once, so it was not too major . she called the cops one day, they did not find the knife, but i loved her even more. for the first time, i felt good that somebody cared about me outside my immediate family. she saw some recovery in my mental state. the guilt still killed me so i told her what i had done and that broke her. i also told her every little thing about me, and at the time she was still willing to stay, but after a long break because it took a toll on her. however, that did not work out because i was too scared to go to a therapist or counsellor. she is now doing good and doing great things with her life. judge me how you feel, i really do not care at this point. 6 months later, i did seek counselling, only tell them bits and pieces though because i am too much of a bitch. i definitely have ocd anxiety issues according to them i knew that and i am bipolar. i am 18 now, about to be 19. i like to torture myself from time to time after she told me how broken she really was. dunk my head in ice water until the very edge or not eat for days or just hit myself. i guess it hurts me more that she did so much for me and i could not help her. i could not even apologize to her face because of our circumstances. maybe you hate me or think i am worthless, i understand. i wrote it as a confession, not a support letter. i know what i did and i have started to accept it. i know i was a shitty person, but since i cannot start my life over, i have no choice but to eventually forgive myself and it starts with confessing. i told her and my best friend now and now i am here. i do not mind the humiliation, it feels like freedom. i will love her forever for the person she is and how she saved me, but i know i do not deserve her. some of the greatest moments of my life regardless of the issues. lots of breakup videos talk about being the victim, but i was the abuser. this was my story on how i was an asshole.i am sorry, . at least you saved my life. there is so much more i want to tell you, but i will not drag you down. i was disgusting, not you.if a shitty person like me can stay alive, i hope you all find a reason. being the villain
so since my last post of honestly wanting to die. my life has somehow actually gotten worse...? go figure... i thought, for the sake of the love of my life, maybe i should pull my ass from the ground and really try to do something more for my life. i am still on the path to losing weight, i am slowly getting healthier, i am on the right track for medications, i applied for another job thinking maybe now the covid for the most part is dying. i could finally return to work. i could pay my debts, save up, buy a travel trailer for now, and a vehicle to tow it. i am 22 without a drivers license... i am 22 and i do not own a car. i am 22 and i cannot even pay a simple phone bill. i am 22 and i can barley afford to feed myself even with stamps, i cannot afford the special diet for my medical needs. i am 22 and i cannot hold a job. i am 22 and i am relying on the state because my family is basically dead to me and i to them. i am 22 with next to no friends. i am 22 and i do not think i cannot really trust anyone else ever. i am 22 and i am pathetic. i am 22 and i have longed for death for so long. i am 22 and i should have been dead before 18 according to doctors when i was a child. i am 22. i made it past all the odds i was given, i did not get pregnant at 20 like the last few generations of my family. i am 22 and i am a failure. i cannot stop thinking about it, i cannot stop longing for it. i am 22. why am i in this much pain? why do i deserve this? i try to better my life... i try so hard to no avail at all. i grew up severely abused and neglected, i kept pushing and pushing, i had no help, its never been easy, i have basically been on my own since a very young age, i took care of all my younger siblings because my parents are incapable entirely. i was the mother. the caretaker. i did it all. i cleaned an entire house pretty much daily. i cooked all the meals. while juggling public school, state enforced therapy and a bunch of other shit. i have never had a stable situation i could spit toward. but then. i met someone. i love him so much, the first person to really treat me like a human instead of a tool, someone who really just wanted to get to know me, let me express my emotions. someone who tried their best to offer me the stability i craved my entire life. but now i have fuked that up too... i got my job, i managed to nearly break my foot and got fired after one day of training. which lead my depression down again, so i stopped taking as much care of myself. now. half way through my doctor advised healing. i am being asked to leave, not by the person but another, who owns the house, so i must abide. i am 22. i am on the street. i cannot get a job and i have no real place to sleep. i am pretty much way past the point of dead inside. i really am a useless and worthless piece of shit. i did my best, i had a bit of stability for once. now i cannot live without having that again. i am done this time. i have been homeless so much because of my shit family, and got used by toxic friends to just have a place to sleep. i tried to change my life. i needed a little more time. there is something really wrong with me and i am never going to get the help i need. no one wants to be around me, is not that clear from how many times i have been asked to leave? yet no ones going to give me a reason or tell me what i did and i cannot figure it out. this is hell. i want to change and be better, because clearly something is wrong with me. but i do not know how... i cannot do this again.. i am homeless again and i am twenty fucking two. i am worthless. a waste of time and space. i am useless. i mean nothing. no one is going to actually care until i am gone. no one is going to really miss me. i cannot get these thoughts to go away, they have been so present since march my last post. i did not kill myself when i planned to because i got the job, things looked up for such a short time. now not only am i back to square one, i have taken several steps back from that. i am way fucking worse. my fear of instabilty has grown to new unbearable heights. i am confident i will never been able to live somewhere and not get fucked over. like that is legit it. i. am. done. i want to die, i do not want to do this again, it will never get better and if it does for a few months? a year? then what? i just prolonged this shit again. i cannot take itim done this time i am over my lifei cannot do this anymore. i am 22i have nothing to my name, i cannot even stand on my own two feet quite literally i will never get help, i will never be fixed, idfk what is wrong with me i cannot handle this anymore i am so scared and i feel so alone. i want to cry till my eyes bleed. i want this world to make sense. i feel like i am a break in the code. a mistake. i do not belong here. i never will. i should not be of this world. i am not made for it. i am too scared a mental hospital will fuck me like they did as a child, beyond that where do i go when i get out? i am homeless again.. maybe i should just rot there? i do not know i do not know what to doim lostim scaredim helplessi want to change my life yet every chance i try for gets taken away from me.i am undeserving of kindness, just like my family taught mei am undeserving of love i am undeserving of time or space i do not want anyone to waste their energy on mei don want to be thought of i do not want to be spoken about i want to disappear its not even that i want to diei just do not want to live like thisi do not want to struggle like this i want to be far away from all you humans.yet that can never happen. humanity is cruel death is my only option i am 22.... i am 22 and its just worse
so, this is going to be a very long post. if you read this i would greatly appreciate it because i am at the point where i do not want to die... but i feel i should want to. throughout my life i have made a ton of mistakes... mistakes that make me feel like i am going to be an even more terrible person than i already am. when i was young between the ages of i would say 10 14 i did multiple things wrong sexually. i had a dog lick me inappropriately, i had a neighbor who was a year younger expose themselves to me this person was also not right mentally , and on multiple occasions something happened with someone who was 5 years younger than me. also, i kissed my younger cousin and lied about it after saying it was just a butterfly kiss when she told someone. i never threatened or hurt anyone. and these acts were consensual. but i feel like i was too old to be doing these things, and i should have known better.i am stupid, i have no interest in what other people talk about, i want to care but it feels like i do not. i am undiagnosed but i believe i am slightly autistic and have ocd. on top of that i have social anxiety, depression and incredibly low self esteem. i hate myself. i feel like whenever i talk to people or do anything for someone its to gain something, whether its sympathy or something else. even writing this post i feel i should not, maybe i should just kill myself. i want people to tell me i am a good person and that i deserve to forgive myself or maybe these things are normal , but i do not think i can. fast forward to recent times i became obsessed with a girl i met on a video game called world of warcraft. i have pretty much lied to her this whole time and showed her what she wanted to see from me. a caring, loving, person. and for awhile i believed that is who i was but recently i have had terrible thoughts and all of these memories have resurfaced. she has had a lot of trauma, and i cannot tell if i am manipulating that or if i really care... my thoughts and past actions have completely made me question who i am. sometimes i will impulsively lie for no reason in order to gain something like sympathy, or to make myself look better than i am, or to get out of doing something i do not want to do. an example is lying about having homework to do so i could get out of going to see family i get bored around. or i lied to this girl i met about my grandma being in the hospital in order to gain her attention. i have an intense fear of abandonment, i believe the only reason i am not dead yet is because this girl is still around. everyone else has gotten annoyed and left except for my family. i have constantly brought up relationships issues with my family about this girl and people think she has treated me poorly, but i think it is just me and if you see what i have done above... someone could treat be like dog shit and that is what i deserve. although i still get upset with this girl over certain things, i try to take that anger out on myself because i feel like i am very controlling and insecure deep down. i do not want her to see that because she will leave. and i do not want to be that person.given all of this information i recently moved to california with my aunt and her kids. before i went there i smoked weed and had a moment with them where i felt like i had an incredibly powerful urge to kiss one of her kids. yet, i still went to california because i wanted to live somewhere new and be closer to this girl i spoke of. why did i brush that to the side? am i a pedophile in denial? i cannot tell anything anymore. when i got to california more thoughts and violent thoughts started popping up, along with the memories above. the guilt at the time was so strong i would cry almost every night... but was it from regret or fear of being caught for who i am? i cannot tell. so i left to come home for help but i am still scared to tell the doctors everything out of fear of how they will view and i feel like i should be in prison for my thoughts and actions combined. now, i feel like i do not even feel anything anymore... i do not know if i feel guilt. i feel numb. i feel like i am now okay with being evil.so, pretty much i feel like i am screwed. how can i be the person i wanted to be with all of this on me? i used to want to make music, or movies or some kind of art that would inspire people and give people an escape from reality. because my whole life i have kind of lived in a fantasy world in my head or through video games etc., my mom, my family and this girl are the main things keeping me alive. i told my mom i planned before and she told me i would be dooming her to the same fate if i did it. but maybe if i say everything i have done she will realize it needs to be done. but it will kill her image of me, she always saw me as sweet, caring and empathetic. i used to cry about the rainforest being chopped down or animals going extinct when i was really young... wtf happened to me?i feel nothing. talking about this is so casual to me now... i think tonight i will sneak out my window so i do not wake anyone, and hang myself with an extension cord deep in the woods. and maybe cut wrists to to make sure. i do not want to fail. i am sure i will regret it in my last moments but i think this is the best way. i wish i could just be another person, a caring person. a better person. thank you for reading. sending love for you all.maybe i wrote this for sympathy idk i do not want to.. i think i have to long post
so, this is going to be a very long post. if you read this i would greatly appreciate it because i am at the point where i do not want to die... but i feel i should want to. throughout my life i have made a ton of mistakes... mistakes that make me feel like i am going to be an even more terrible person than i already am. when i was young between the ages of i would say 10 14 i did multiple things wrong sexually. i had a dog lick me inappropriately, i had a neighbor who was a year younger expose themselves to me this person was also not right mentally , and on multiple occasions something happened with someone who was 5 years younger than me. also, i kissed my younger cousin and lied about it after saying it was just a butterfly kiss when she told someone. i never threatened or hurt anyone. and these acts were consensual. but i feel like i was too old to be doing these things, and i should have known better.i am stupid, i have no interest in what other people talk about, i want to care but it feels like i do not. i am undiagnosed but i believe i am slightly autistic and have ocd. on top of that i have social anxiety, depression and incredibly low self esteem. i hate myself. i feel like whenever i talk to people or do anything for someone its to gain something, whether its sympathy or something else. even writing this post i feel i should not, maybe i should just kill myself. i want people to tell me i am a good person and that i deserve to forgive myself or maybe these things are normal, but i do not think i can. fast forward to recent times i became obsessed with a girl i met on a video game called world of warcraft. i have pretty much lied to her this whole time and showed her what she wanted to see from me. a caring, loving, person. and for awhile i believed that is who i was but recently i have had terrible thoughts and all of these memories have resurfaced. she has had a lot of trauma, and i cannot tell if i am manipulating that or if i really care... my thoughts and past actions have completely made me question who i am. sometimes i will impulsively lie for no reason in order to gain something like sympathy, or to make myself look better than i am, or to get out of doing something i do not want to do. an example is lying about having homework to do so i could get out of going to see family i get bored around. or i lied to this girl i met about my grandma being in the hospital in order to gain her attention. i have an intense fear of abandonment, i believe the only reason i am not dead yet is because this girl is still around. everyone else has gotten annoyed and left except for my family. i have constantly brought up relationships issues with my family about this girl and people think she has treated me poorly, but i think it is just me and if you see what i have done above... someone could treat be like dog shit and that is what i deserve. although i still get upset with this girl over certain things, i try to take that anger out on myself because i feel like i am very controlling and insecure deep down. i do not want her to see that because she will leave. and i do not want to be that person.given all of this information i recently moved to california with my aunt and her kids. before i went there i smoked weed and had a moment with them where i felt like i had an incredibly powerful urge to kiss one of her kids. yet, i still went to california because i wanted to live somewhere new and be closer to this girl i spoke of. why did i brush that to the side? am i a pedophile in denial? i cannot tell anything anymore. when i got to california more thoughts and violent thoughts started popping up, along with the memories above. the guilt at the time was so strong i would cry almost every night... but was it from regret or fear of being caught for who i am? i cannot tell. so i left to come home for help but i am still scared to tell the doctors everything out of fear of how they will view and i feel like i should be in prison for my thoughts and actions combined. now, i feel like i do not even feel anything anymore... i do not know if i feel guilt. i feel numb. i feel like i am now okay with being evil.so, pretty much i feel like i am screwed. how can i be the person i wanted to be with all of this on me? i used to want to make music, or movies or some kind of art that would inspire people and give people an escape from reality. because my whole life i have kind of lived in a fantasy world in my head or through video games etc., my mom, my family and this girl are the main things keeping me alive. i told my mom i planned before and she told me i would be dooming her to the same fate if i did it. but maybe if i say everything i have done she will realize it needs to be done. but it will kill her image of me, she always saw me as sweet, caring and empathetic. i used to cry about the rainforest being chopped down or animals going extinct when i was really young... wtf happened to me?i feel nothing. talking about this is so casual to me now... i think tonight i will sneak out my window so i do not wake anyone, and hang myself with an extension cord deep in the woods. and maybe cut wrists to to make sure. i do not want to fail. i am sure i will regret it in my last moments but i think this is the best way. i wish i could just be another person, a caring person. a better person. thank you for reading. sending love for you all.maybe i wrote this for sympathy idk i do not want to.. i think i have to long post
this is what they call a scapegoat personality. my father was one too. he was murdered and his whole estate was claimed by the government as proceeds of crime innaccurate he was a multiple legitimate business owner workaholic in the 2000s. it was by corrupt police that did not want him bringing information forward about them at his appeal. his confiscated assets were in the millions and years later i was told he was tortured to death in the desert two states over right before his appeal date . he died before being able to show his innocence expose the corrupt cops trying to extort him and regain his work and assets. he essentially worked his whole life from 4am until sometimes 12am so all day night and then some at two different busy and lucrative legit businesses and provided employment to others not just for nothing, but to be spat back at in the face by all of them. as well as miss out on his own and his kids lives.i have been physically, emotionally and psychologically abused by my other parent as a child and every partner i have ever had it never happened until they had me in a place where i could not go back or escape or when there were not witnesses . i tried to buy a house with my current partner just for him to use me as a stepping stone use being the keyword and everyone else has shut me out. i have not been in contact with my old friends or remaining family at all for the past two years. my siblings are messed up by our parents but are unhealthily codependent on our mom and scapegoat me in an unnecessarily psycho way as a display of standing up for mom or you could say rage denying that she was abusive af as long as it was not being directed at them... cool.my partner since i was 21uses me to run around for his drug habit and would force me to do the deals while abusing me out of jealousy for the people i had to speak to to get him his drugs but he will not sort it out himself or help me. and he also then threatens to turn me in to the cops as blackmail for doing his drug deals when he feels like sneering down at me or is being abusive. he is also scary af and unpredictable or should i say predictably abusive when he does not get his drugs. he takes my house keys off me and kicks me out i am part owners of the house not even sure if that is legal i told people this and no one cares he just says i am a drug dealer and they think he has a legit reason lol and i have no one and no where to go. i just did a job trial and an educational course for the last two weeks which was government funded same government that took my dads whole life away the teachers were hella old and out of touch but ready to jump down your throat as if we are all feminist militant vegans ready to complain about anything and so this course went 14 days we did fuck all real learning and played games like hangman and they gave us all the answers to the assessments. all of them. it was a waste of time and a joke and probably a total of 15 minutes practical experience on a forklift which was the main reason most of us signed up to the course. they cut the course short and have not even booked an instructor assessor so fuck knows if we are even getting qualified after that bs. my job trial on the last day the boss made some weird comment about my cv saying everyone lies on here i think that is what i heard? nothing on my resume is a lie and even if it was there is no way they could or should know that they just did not trust me and had something weird in their head about me from the start. not sure if they know my last name as same industry my dad was cleaning up in 15 years ago and they love shitting all over someone they were once jealous of. he was dyslexic and left school at 14 but just charging every day.i got ghosted by them but idc that much if i did. i almost prefer that to someone scapegoating me for something i have not done to make money, again. forgot to mention i was really anxious bc i was told i could not take the day off the forklift course the day of my job trial and i nearly cried multiple times sitting in class while they played hangman no joke and a legit crackhead on meth got to come back from the last class of students to take up our teachers attention the whole day while she sat at his desk and he essentially did her assessments for her. she was not trying man she probably did not even come to class during her course and she got special treatment to come back and pass. at one point teacher made an example of me in front of the class for giggling politely at the person next to me joke about might as well go home instead of play hangman... as if i needed to be taught a lesson in front of the class and this methhead chick while he ignored our class all day to help her cheat. i really want to complain to my employment agency who set me up with this course as we left at least two hours early each day and i am pretty sure they were funding this. if i did not waste my time going the last day i might have been better prepared and successful with my job trial if i had not been stuck there having anxiety and playing hangman while we watched the teacher pass a bad attitude chick on meth the whole day. i find when you are a scapegoat personality what you do does not actually matter. they will bend over backwards to block and cheapshot you while they help people who do not challenge them, their position, or their intellect in any way. the identified patient
this will be really long, since i have not opened up to anyone and i want to say everything here, so i do not think anyone would read this. it all started last year, when me and my best friend randomly became friends with a boy from our school, after online classes started. we suddenly got close and were known as a trio and the boy started liking my best friend. he confessed to her after some days, only to get rejected by her since she already had a boyfriend. that pissed him off, and they had a fight and blocked each other everywhere. i was asked to do the same.after some months, in my mathematics class he texts me saying that he wants to be friends with me again, and i unblock him. we became quite close, and somewhere he had begun calling him my best friend. it is not like i minded it, so i went with it. he started going out with a girl during this time, whom he said that he liked a lot, but i knew that he only wanted a girl. this pissed me off a bit, but i did not say anything. we were quite good friends during this time, but the way he treated the girl annoyed me a lot. he went as far as asking another girl for n des while he was with her, and when asked, he termed it as a joke. despite all this, i was still friends with him.the last straw of their relationship was when the boy forced himself on the girl inspite of her asking him to stop many times. that was it, i was ready to break my friendship with him. i cared about the girl, and i could not be friends with someone like him.this is where the entire problem began.i wrote him messages, saying that i wanted to end our friendship, and i think it was during this period when i started getting manipulated by him. he kept nagging me for forgiveness, and convinced me that he was the victim in that situation and that it was not intentional. i knew that this was wrong, but i think it softened my view for him, a bit. i wanted to hate him, but it was practically impossible for me to do so. so i started talking sh t about him in group chats and calls where he was not present, so that my friends would think i hate him.somewhere during all this, he was again my self proclaimed best friend, and along the line i lost many friends too, which made him the only support i received in my life. when all my classmates talked sh t about me, he was my support. or so i thought. i tried getting rid of him from everywhere. blocked him, ignored him, everything. but somehow he still contacts me and i have no idea how. he can go as far as calling my parents to tell them that i am ignoring them and tell them to ask me to unblock him. i hate him, very much, and i have tried countless times to push him out of my life but he keeps coming back. i even faked having a boyfriend, so that he leaves me, but he did not, and said that he would wait for me till i broke up with him. after all this, he keeps saying he loves me, did so for a long time and he is done a lot for me.along the line, i kept getting softened and manipulated by him, and mistook his obsessiveness and toxicity for love and affection towards me. i had a therapist but she kept asking me to focus on my studies and one time i tried opening up to her she shut me up saying this is all just superficial sh t. somewhere along, i started taking anti depressants, which were of no use since they make me feel numb and devoid of feelings. i cannot talk about this with my parents either, since they love him and think that he is a really good guy. and when i try to talk to them, they ask me to take anti depressants and that they are busy for my bullsh it.to be honest, i am a very impulsive person. i do everything out of impulse. i cut my lower back length hair short because of impulse. and then i regret everything. my last straw was a similar decision. he said he loved me one day, and with all my tangled feelings of love and hate towards him, i agreed upon dating him. a decision i deeply regret, since it was really my last straw. it was suffocating for me and i just wanted to run away from everything. but i could not break up because that would mean me losing the support of my classmates all together, since he had already manipulated all of them into thinking that he loves me a lot, they would think i am toying with my feelings. i could not do that anymore, so i broke up with him, with my best friend's support. i thought i would finally get rid of him, but he created a lot of drama saying that i toyed with his feelings and everything. and all my classmates called me all sorts of things because of that. he somehow even managed to befriend my best friend too.i am just done with all this. i have run away countless times from home, but i always end up coming back because i have nowhere to go. recently, i overdosed on anti depressant pills, and currently i am in the hospital. i really thought i would die, but i did not. i do not know what to do, and how to get him out of my life. i am going to get into a college soon, and i just cannot focus on my academics or myself because of all this. i have studied my entire life to become a doctor from this college of my dreams, but now i just want all this to end, because of that one guy. i want to stand up for myself, but i do not know what to do. i just do not know what to do.if you read it till here, thank you very much, i really appreciate it. i have no one to open up to, and i need help
for several months now, i have wanted to not be alive anymore. i have come up with plans that i have come scarily close to following through on. i have gotten addicted to self harm again. i have not been okay for a long time now and i just want all the bad stuff to stop.the biggest reason for all of this comes down to two things. the first is my own life. i have no motivation in life anymore. i am stressed out. i have no money, i am terrified of getting a full time job, and my dad is being really picky about me getting a part time job to get by because he is paranoid about me losing my medical insurance for being low income. it is a lot of very sudden change and i am not ready for it. like, at all. the thought of having to start a new life, start a career, move out, and fend for myself financially is simply too much for me to handle and i have felt like my life had basically ended since i graduated from university.the second reason is my relationship. she makes me happy. she actually makes me happy. she is so damn good to me. after being molested at 14, cheated on, catfished, emotionally abused, manipulated, sexually pressured beyond my comfort zones to the point of trauma, and tons more horrible treatment, i finally found a person who is kind to me, who cares about me, and who legitimately treats me right. she is happy with me. she tells me every single day how lucky she feels to be with me but i feel it is the other way around. we do not argue. we do not fight. we have differences and disagreements but we talk them out and never get upset with each other. ever. it is everything i have ever wanted in a relationship and so much more. is it perfect? no. nobody is. but we never have problems with each other because we are okay with our differences and have so much else in common that it does not matter.the problem? her life outside of being with me is kind of a mess. she escaped from an extremely abusive situation only to find herself in another more dangerous one. she has more freedom now, but she also has to fend for herself, which nobody ever taught her how to do. she is sheltered. she is inexperienced. she feels guilty for everything wrong around her because people have bashed into her head that everything is somehow her fault. and now her roommates are all treating her like shit, financially using her even knowing damn well how much she is struggling, and one of them is an actual dangerous psychopath who is mentally unstable and basically a sexual predator. nobody in her household gives a flying fuck about her safety or mental wellbeing. and i feel like it is all my fault for getting her out of her old abusive home and into this one. she wants to leave. she wants to move out and find new roommates and get a better life for herself, but she was never taught how to do any of this and does not have any responsible adults in her life whatsoever. nobody is there irl to help her. we spend 24 7 together outside of her working, and when we do that, we are happy. but there is just so much bad shit going on in her life that she needs to get away from, for both of our sakes mentally, and it is so damn difficult because there is only so much a sheltered runaway can do. given the circumstances she is doing amazing as it is and i am more proud of her than i could ever put into words, but it is stressful as fuck and hard on both of us regardless. even though we are happy with each other, i am terrified. i do not know if we are going to make it out the other side of this. neither of us wants to give up on the other, but the world seems to love to make it feel impossible for us to survive in an adult world.i do not want to go on if life is going to be this harsh to me. it just is not worth fighting for. even if the payoff is something good, even if there somehow is happiness waiting for me on the other side, i do not want it if this is what i have to endure to get there. i have wanted to die ever since this living situation started, both my own and that of the one goddamn person i ever loved who has been genuinely good to me despite everything being against us. i am just tired. i am out of energy. i know damn well that i do not have it in me to kill myself. i might come close but knowing me i doubt i would be brave enough to ever go through with it. honestly, i have lived out the past several months hoping to die in some kind of accident, and i do not know how to get any semblance of hope back. i know i need it, but it is just not there and i do not have the energy to search for it anymore.i do not know how to cope with these thoughs. she knows about them and encourages me to talk to her about it, and when i do she is helpful, but i feel horribly manipulative and i feel emotionally abusive for saying something about suicidal thoughts or self harm. i just feel horrible for bringing it up. i do not know how to talk to her about it without feeling like a terrible person. and let me make this very clear she does not make me feel this way. she does not guilt trip me. she does not feel manipulated or controlled. in fact, she goes out of her way to specify otherwise. but i personally cannot shake the feeling that i am being manipulative. it is not her making me feel like that. i just feel that way on my own, for saying anything at all. how do i tell people i love i am suicidal without feeling manipulative?
i do not even work much qnd i still strugfle with showing upim literally the only part timer in my department, and i am constantly getting comments about how lucky i am n like, material reasons why i am not aside no benefits, no pto, no sick time, less pay i do not feel like because i do not have the option of fulltomeeverytime i work fulltime things get really bad, nearly hospitalized bad. but as i am typing thing is that bad right now so what is the point in stepping back anyway.i am unskilled, depressed, washed up, etc. i remember as a teen everyone telling me it would get better and it did not, it feels like each year adds another weight that is crushing my lungsmy parents and partner are all wonderful people. they do not attsck me, although i know how misrrable i make them. my partner is unemployed at the moment as we just moved stated and i got a job quicker, my mom is unemployed because she was a teacher and left becayse of covid, my brothers part time, my dad works nonstop.like, 2 of my family members cannot get a proper job and i have one right now and i am failing at it when all i want is to be able to provide. i want to buy my dad the new drill he wants. i want to help my partner afford the doctors visits he needs, i want to help my mom relax abt money. but i am nothijg. i am likely going to lose my current job because of absenteeism. i am a fucjing loser.i applied for disability yesterday morning and honestly its left me just feeling more suicidal. it feels like i am turning in official i give up papers. i give up at making enough to actually help my family. i give up on having ahome someday. i give up on getting married. it makes me so yired and i feel so at the end of my rope mani know it upsets my parents i do not talk about it, but what is there to even say? its cruel to say how much i want to die when tehey cannot change it, espec8ally since it comes down to how much a broken loser i am. i have it pretty good, lots of trauma as a kid and early teen, but now? god knows there is broken assholes in their 20s that do not have what i havewith my dad the conversation aslways goes are you ok? yes would you bother to tell me if you were not? n idk what to say because he cannot change that i am not ok and when he tries to make me ok it makes me feel more fucked and broken because it does not helpwhenever i go to work and i am faced with all these people who are just. going about their day. and they are fine. maybe they tqlk about not getting enough sleep because their dog barked during the day i am night shift or even with more serious stuff like their husband leaving them they are still there, all day, everyday. whereas if i feel like if someone gives me a bad look its the last fuckin straw.i just feel inherently different from others in a way that gives me no hope. i am fine with being a bit quirky. but i feel sick. radioactive, mutated. i was chitchatting with my dad and he brought up as a teen how desperate i was to make friends, and how he and my mom worked hard to instill most people are not you are friends, they are aquaintances. n hr said this so lightly without care as if the instilling was not me having meltdowns when a friend stood me up, betrayed me, or most likely, ghosted me, and them essentially blaming me for wanting friends as a homeschooled loser who only had a few chances a year to make a friend. i feel like the first 15 years of my life were an experiement on making the most lonely person you could without them just dying. and he said i am better at descerning friends now as if its not just intense distruzt of people and the friends i still have i have known since i was 11, with the group shrinking every yeari hate when peopleolder than me say oh you have so much to live for still. name them. i donthave potential. maybe less people would kill themselves if they did, idk.i cruelly asked my bf to give me a reason to live a few days ago in a moment of weakness and i know that is a terrible ask but i just. i used to be able to argue a reason to wait, easily. there is a new video game coming out, a new season of something i like, a concert, a date eith my bf, not wanting to do it near a holiday, something. but i just feel apathetic towarss those things. there is alway some dumb shit i could wait for and there is also always some pain in my heart to ruin those events too.and i know my bfs mom thinks i am a loser, and she is right. he has a little inheretance and his mpm thinks i am goldigging at that, so i try ro pay for things ehenevr especially because what if he does spend momey and then i kill myself? a fucking waste i am. i already convinced us to move back to my home state because i hated where we were previous, but i am still miserable, but with more monetary support and some parks nearby so ! i guess i am just a piece kf sbiti feel so sick to my stomach with self hatred.to be honest the only part of my 'plan' i cannot work out would be where to do it, because i cannot have my family find me. that is the singular thing stopping me and everytime i have an episode like this i feel myself caring less. i cannot do this anymore and i cannot force anyone else to do it with me. i am a loser and ill never be able to provide a good life for my loved ones
i met someone on hinge about eight months ago and we got along instantly which is extremely rare for me. we could not meet in person at the time due to lockdown restrictions. it started like any online dating relationship starts, with flirting and asking questions and getting to know one another. all of a sudden he stopped showing interest. that really affected my already low self esteem and i tried my best to talk to him and figure out why he lost interest. i came across as cold and scary, he became very defensive, it got quite bad and i had quite a severe panic attack that took five propanolol to sort out. i blamed myself and he reluctantly came back, he would be even colder and more distant now. no more good mornings or how are yous, no flirting, no questions, nothing. just very short superficial talks about current events or interests. i tried to ask him in a more direct way why he was behaving like that and it resulted in him ignoring me. i gave up and deleted him off all social media except the one we used for messaging and moved on with my life. two months later he messages me saying how much he misses me and wants to rectify things. nobody has ever come back for me, it meant a lot. we start talking again, nothing gets rectified he just repeats himself whilst ignoring and not apologizing for how he behaved. but i am just happy he is back so i let it be. we finally meet and it goes somewhat well, he does not flirt but he seems interested again. fast forward to our 5th date and we sleep together. afterwards he just goes back to being distant despite always being online. it makes me extremely overwhelmed and i go talk to him. i am ignored until he replies about how he cannot take it anymore and how it is not his fault work was busy. i mentioned how affection or at least signs of interest are and he was having none of it. ultimately i blamed myself and explained my current family situation as it also affects me to maybe make him understand that i just really needed some support and he ignored me for days. i would avoid messaging him but i would always see him online. i asked him for closure as i did not know what do he replied instantly, said it was a shame as we were so compatible and that if i wanted we could still be friends. when i replied that if we both tried it could work, he ignored me again. the day after i went for a day out on the beach and saw a little stall that does clam chowder which i have never tried before meeting him and it is one of his fav foods, when i got home i messaged him saying that i wanted to take him there to show him something even if just as friends. he ignored me again. the day afterwards which was yesterday i had a job interview. i have been trying really hard these past years to finally have my own life. i have been through therapy, medication and regularly study and follow well being advice. currently, i live with my mom who has her own set of mental health problems lately she is been well but at times she becomes awful towards me. especially if i show emotions, the worst ones are if i cry or seem angry even if i am not, if she thinks i am then that is an invitation to start a fight and my cat who is dying of lymphoma. i am an immigrant so i do not have many friends here. most of my friends are from work but lately everybody is too busy for me. so this job interview meant a lot. if i get this, i may very well be able to afford to live in my own place. in the hype of the interview, i made a decision to move on and have a fresh start. new job, then new house, new life. and i was tired of feeling so overwhelmed and weighed down by everything and now being given false hope. so i messaged a final time, stating this could have all been sorted within a day. how it is impossible to form any relationship with someone who simply is not there. i then deleted him off the messaging app we use and his number. he has not attempted to communicate but it is not as if i am expecting it. i do not think i am wrong. i think that if he wanted to this could work. what affects me is why is it that nobody ever wants to at least try to make it work? i am willing to compromise, i have always hyped him up and showed him that he matter to me. every morning i would wish him a good morning despite knowing i would not receive one back, the same would happen at night. so what is it about me that so damn disgusting that does not even deserve a good morning? i am afraid to cry under my own roof. i have absolutely nobody in this world and the only creature on this planet that somehow loves me is going to die soon. i cannot trust anyone because of the amount of times i have been bullied, rejected, belittled, used, harmed. i have attempted suicide twice before so i know this third time i would not fail, plus three times the charm. the only thing keeping me here is waiting to hear back from the interview and how bitterly disappointing it is that now, after my entire life spent trying to overcome trauma and abuse, when i am finally getting where i want, someone appears and completely kills any crumb of love i had for myself just by not bothering to be there. after a half ghosted relationship ended i have been thinking about suicide for the past days
delusional neighborshi everyone, i live in la and my neighbors like to talk outside in the hall of the apartment complex. btw i live in the projects talking to them nicely is not going to be a solution. do not know much about them since they live across the hall. all i know is that there are adults let us call them the red neighbors in their thirties or older, do not work and i think they live off food stamps like a lot of people in the projects. there are a total of 5 women possibly not sure. most of their time they spend talking outside their apartment door, hallway, or staircase. my apartment is less than 20 feet from the staircase so i guess they can hear when i am doing my chores. lately, i noticed that they have been giving me stares when i see them outside. they used to talk to me before when i moved in years ago hi neighbor, how are you? when they would see me but shortly after that we stopped. no reason at all and well i do not mind because i have social anxiety so it is hard for me to speak to strangers even if they are my neighbors. so i might come off as shady to people but i am a no one so why should someone care right? anyways i also noticed that they have been talking quiter when i start cooking, or doing laundry, or washing my dishes but i feel like my neighbors think i am nosy and eavesdropping. they have not said anything to me directly but i have heard them say stop pretending your cooking or sometimes mentioning my apartment number. i am not sure if they were saying this subtle comment directly to me or whatnot but i am always listening to music with my earbuds on so maybe it is in my head.update i wrote the top part a couple of days ago and left it as a draft bc i did not know what else to write but here is an update on this situation. they asked me when they found me in the lobby. i know you are listening to our conversations. do not act stupid. you pretend to cook so you can listen to what we are saying. me i have never listened to any of your conversations nor does it interest me. i am often hearing music on my earbuds when i do my chorers. but if you do not like people listening in to your daily convos then i suggest talking outside of the building or in your own apartment neighbors i know you are fucking lying. if you continue to do this ill fuck you up! i was taken aback by this confrontation bc i am allowed to do my chores at any time of day. just bc they are out there talking does not mean i should stop and not do it at all until they leave. so i am a bit shaken up since i have anxiety i am getting very nervous. i do know that they were not bluffing when it came down to fighting me. like i mentioned i live in the projects and it is not the nicest place to live nor are people nice here. i can not move out since i have not finished school nor do i have a full time job. can anyone help me with how i should go about it??? i am freaking out. i live with other family members and i am scared they might harm them too. we are on the skinny and petite side while they are tall and big so we are at a disadvantage here. i just cannot wrap my head around the reason why they are mad at me. do they feel entitled and why? are they on drugs that it has damaged how they think? or are other neighbors on my floor talking shit about me to them? i once heard another neighbor orange neighbor who i have never talked to but i know his voice since he likes to join them in the hallway. well, he referred to me as the spanish female and he kept on repeating my apartment number. to this day i have no idea why. i know this because he was yelling at this point. that another neighbor pink neighbor had to come out and calm him down btw pink, orange, and red neighbors know each other. i think they grew up in the same building since they were children. also, all the neighbors are thirty or beyond since they have kids another instance was that the red neighbors were fighting outside in the hall that pink neighbors stepped in and said to lower the volume bc spanish girl is listening. tf why would i be listening plus i am not the only person living on the floor there are other families and they are being loud enough for everyone to hear. mind you i was nowhere doing chores but in my bedroom and they were loud enough for me to hear. i just do not get why they are picking on me and i am the spanish girl since i am the only spanish on my floor. why would pink neighbors say that? could it be bc they hold a grudge against me? before covid pink neighbor's kids used to play in the hall and their kids intentionally would hit my door with a basketball and kick it while laughing. i confronted them and never apologized instead they acted as if i was the villain. btw all of these neighbors also do not work is that why they are so interested in me since they have nothing else to do??? i start working soon in person again so hopefully, i do not run on them but that is probably a lie since they stay at home all the time. i just do not understand what is it about me that they feel like they could bully me. i have been bullied before so this brings back memories and makes me feel like shit. if anyone could suggest something i would appreciate it. delusional neighbors
so, where to begin. i checked in on this profile which i have not done in ages, and saw my old suicidal posts from three years ago. if i would done that a year ago i would have been shocked to see how depressed i was. now, that seems like an understatement. so, what happened? well, it is the old story that keeps repeating itself, i managed to find a woman, we fell in love, i moved into her house pretty quickly because i was basically living out of my car at the time. she has a beautiful house in the countryside, with a huge garden and two dogs. i loved living there, finally feeling happy and at ease with myself. she encouraged me to go back to uni, and i did, and did pretty well. even managed to get some new friends. life was good. then my grandmother died of cancer about 3 months into the relationship. i was devastated since we were very close. but i did not turn to drugs and alcohol like i would have in the past. because i had her. she helped me through that trauma like a real trooper. then summer came and it was the best summer of my life. while the whole world was going crazy over corona, i was just mowing the lawn, playing with the dogs, and cuddling with the woman i love. we even started thinking of getting married. at my birthday party all my old friends were there and everyone seemed so proud that i would managed to get my life back together, and grow up so to speak. i started back at uni in the fall, and things went well. i managed through the skin of my teeth to pass all the courses. christmas came, and she had to work, but at least we would get to celebrate new years together. it was just us, but it was the perfect nye celebration. i will not go into details because i will fucking kill myself if i think about how happy we were. new year, next level uni courses. i felt overwhelmed at the level required. i started slipping behind, but i did not tell her, i kept a straight face. of course she found out i was lagging behind. i do not really know what happened next.i took her out for a valentine's day lunch at a really nice restaurant, and from that moment, something felt off. she never said anything but i could feel it. she did not want to be intimate with me. she was just...not there. i could sense from that point that this was going in the wrong direction. i tried so hard to get her to communicate with me what was wrong, but to no avail. she started neglegting the house and just playing video games all day when she was not working. so i picked it up. made dinner every night, did the dishes, all the housework, took care of the dogs etc. and kept falling further and further behind in school. it got to the point where i was so exhausted i just broke down and begged her to tell me what we can do to get back to where we were. no response. then came the day i knew was going to come. she told me to get my stuff and get out. i had a week to find a new place. her best friend was going to move in instead. and so, in two seconds my whole world fell apart. i was back where i was two years earlier, just older and with more student debt. thankfully i had my family there to support me, but i was just in a state of shock. i knew we had our problems, but jesus christ, why could not we try to work through them? i certainly was willing to. so, i became homeless, again, reaching 30. dropped out of school, lost touch with all my newfound friends, and moved into a dorm that has been remade into sorta like a halfway house. i resisted at first, but of course i broke my two year sobriety now that i was back in my small hometown, where everybody knows everything. now, i had no money, no job, no friends, absolutely hate living where i live, and have become a hermit. i am too ashamed to show my face around here. so, i take drugs, sleep all day, sit up wanting to blow my brains out every night. did not help that the police arrested me twice in a month either. so now they are probably going to repo my car, my most beloved belonging. i am not allowed to see the dogs, she is basically ghosted me, and i just cannot take the pain anymore. every time i wake up a wave of utter despair and sadness washes over me. i live in filth, because who fucking cares. nothing lasts in the end. and i have got rent due, car insurance, probably two fines around 1000 each, and a drug habit once again. i do not want to play this game anymore, where we fool ourselves into thinking life is good, when tragedy is always lurking in the shadows. dear god i wish i had a gun so i could just end this pathetic, miserable existence. i guess i will get some fentanyl and od. seems like the easiest way out. i have had a good life. facebook keeps reminding me that 10 years ago i was backpacking through asia with my best friends. 7 years ago i was living abroad having the time of my life. but since 2016, it is been pretty much nothing but downhill. and since i cannot get a job with a criminal record crap economy overall, how tf am i supposed to get through this? just get me a gun for christ sake. i cannot take it no more. see ya on the other side, where there is no more pain. if only i had a gun, or could get one, i would not be here today
okay, i do not normally post my problems on the internet... but i am desperate for help at this point. i will keep it really cut and dry this is years and years of shit, condensed but i really want to know if i am being too ridiculous or not, because my family seems to think so... amp x200b if a family friend who lived in your house, with your family, raped you virgin with a chronic pain disorder , would you expect your family to defend you? amp x200b mine gaslit me and refused to believe me until it was found out years later he gave me vaginal scarring and hpv warts inside of my vaginal canal. i had to show them the proof from the doctor. he works at our family business, and lives on our property still. i have since moved out of town. but i cannot be anywhere near my family or even talk on the phone with them without hearing his name or his voice or the like. amp x200b i let my father who runs the business know that i was working on my case with a detective, so find a replacement truck driver because once he gets interrogated he is getting kicked off the property and fired. that was almost 8 months ago. two months ago, he was given a polygraph and completely and utterly failed it. he is telling everyone at work that i am a liar and he passed the polygraph with flying colors. my brother is still best friends with him and plays video games with him 4 hours a night almost daily. he works with him. my father refuses to evict him or fire him until he finds a replacement, which has not been working out very well. amp x200b i have been gaslit my whole life by my family, and have really bad c ptsd that adds to my chronic pain. my rapist knows sees this stuff daily, and i guess he decided to join in because he knew my family would not believe me or defend me... but now i am getting really fucked up because i never thought it would go this far. i never thought they would spend years defending my rapist, i never thought that even after proving what he did, my family al would allow him to slander me at our family property and business. the ptsd and despair is so intense lately that i cannot pull myself out of it. i get an hour of therapy per week but it is not enough. i have been really screwed up the last several years, but after seeing my family treat me this way... after seeing my own sibling side with my rapist... after he gets to just keep going on like nothing happened.... after he gets to lie and tell everyone he passed his polygraph... after he gets to keep being apart of the family... after my family tries to make me feel guilty for having needs or feelings... i cannot take it anymore. i just cannot. amp x200b is it ridiculous of me to expect him to be given a 30 day notice of eviction from our property? is it evil of me to ask that he be fired so i do not have to hear his name or voice over the phone anymore? is it fucked of me to feel extremely betrayed that my brother sides with my rapist? my brother already treated me like shit but i never expected him to do something quite this screwed up. he is been shown proof that i was raped, so it is not just him believing my rapist, he chooses to ignore the proof ... is it wrong to expect a family friend that is basically a 2nd son to my father, to get removed from our family? is 7 months long enough time to prepare to replace him? am i asking too much? i feel i literally cannot move on or continue breathing if i have to have him involved in my life in any way, shape, or form. my only choice has been to stop speaking to my family members. but that does not stop me from suffocating in the toxicity from afar while my family just sits idly by letting him slander me to everyone around them. it does not help me move on. it does not fix anything. i am just secluding myself more and more. i have never asked for anything this selfish in my life, so i feel insanely guilty for even asking for it... but i would rather die than to keep enduring this, and having this make my chronic pain even worse. i just need him out. i need him gone. amp x200b i will not even go into even more fucked up details, but he also stalks women around town, and is still a sexual predator, and might possibly have an attraction to children as well given his odd behavior. unfortunately i cannot go after him for my rape because i did not get a rape kit done because i knew my family would refuse to drive me at the time, cannot drive myself with my condition. i was terrified and knew the gaslighting would trigger me to kill myself in a heartbeat with how fragile i was . but here i am, years later, still stuck in this crossroads. and now it is even worse. i just want the pain to fucking end. this is way too hard to endure alone as a handi cap person. amp x200b do my feelings seem justified, or am i being ridiculous? i have to ask because my entire life i have been convinced my feelings are always wrong, and i do not think normally as other people do. so i would like to ask the reddit community what do you think a normal reaction to this situation would be? if something like this was happening to you, what would you do? i really need some other thoughts perspectives...
it literally feels like god is stopping my attempts at doing anything i want to with my life i have been trying to buy a car and the last two times the people changed their minds and sold without telling me. the car i had to save up for for like 3 months had a blown head gasket the owner did not tell me about, bought it sight unseen because i really wanted it. my last girlfriend joked about me wanting to drive cars and said just make sure you do not buy one with a blown headgadket haha and that is exactly what happened. it is like god or some force is confining me to some narrow field of reality where i have no control and feel as though i am being groomed to be an artist musician. every time i try to break away from the patterns and behaviors associated with that it is like the force returns multiplied. my latest forceful effort being performance car driving. maybe i am having a midlife crisis. i am 32 and live with my parents and i did not used to think it was a big deal and i have never been a freeloader or at odds or consistently mean to my parents, it is been relatively normal since childhood. yet my last girlfriend and all of the internet friends i had were so nasty and spiteful to me about being my age and living with my parents still whenever they got angry or had a bad day then they would go back to trying to be sweet or talk regularly. i am a felon because i made a mistake at 19, i have been in and out of mental hospitals for time windows of a couple weeks about 3 times clinical depression then schizophrenic diagnosis i begged for because of my last girlfriend convincing me i was when it turns out she was cheating on me since day one, i did not go to college, i have never had a job that made more than 14 an hour and could not hold them well except for a job at a custom ceramic pottery store called color me mine that my last girlfriend convinced me to quit i literally broke down and cried at work because she kept saying how i was not making enough money to move in together a long distance relationship even though she would never give her word that she would be there once i saved enough, the reddest of flags for that relationship she is a decent person i will not say anything else about her. i liked making art and playing guitar and some people liked it, never really applied myself. i felt like i was getting too old to pursue that dream. i got out of the mental hospital and just started working hard and went off meds. this is the longest i have ever held a job and i make 11 hr. i figured after all of the car deals went bad that i should just play guitar and see where it takes me and then a guy i consider a friend at the store said oh, so you are going to be a rock and roll loser when i said i might just give up on wanting to be a driver. like what am i supposed to do? the way this is typed is terrible because i am on a phone and everything is fresh from today and yesteryear so i am just typing sorry if it is terrible i feel like killing myself and i did not really allow myself to realize it until about 10 20 minutes ago. it is like whatever i do there is some pre written narrative i cannot control and the people i call friends are so mean to me and it is not an exaggeration at all and then when i do the same to others to try to push back then i am the mean person. i guess i just have been attracting people who want to walk over me, and i have tried to behave differently and most people like me more yet there is still all of this backlash about my finances and home situation. i quit smoking weed several months ago and never really drank. i feel like overdosing on heroin because that is how my best friend died. i want to kill myself right now. thank you for reading this, i feel like killing myself, i probably will not ever post here again and will probably end up deleting this and this account. i hope you had a good day today or that you at least had fun, the guy this morning said sold the car, have a good day i have nothing besides my family and low paying job my parents drive me to work every day for about 5 months now and i guess i should be grateful, it is just hard when people a decade younger than me are superficially having a more satisfying existence and treating me like dirt because of what i have not been able to overcome yet i do not know what i am supposed to do amp x200b and its the little synchronicities that kill me, like someone is controlling my computer phone etc, like the targeted ads and moreso even the refresh list of stuff on reddit i do not even or have never clicked on like strangely pointed and mostly negative stuff people say that comes to fruition, cars beeping when no one is leaving or going, as if there is some group on person or entity trying to make my life into some passive artist type for whatever reason and i deplore it. there is so much to it and i know id just look insane trying to connect dots in a suicide note i already tried killing myself before and this does not help. after all the work i have done on myself and my life stuff like this is still happening and i want to kill myself i do not know what to do 32
i risked too much, and now i feel i am losing it all. the thing is, i did not have much to gamble with in the first place and it took everything i had to be strong enough to keep moving forward. i have been trying to get this engineering major finished since i was 26, now i am 30. it is going to still take another year and a half. it is not that i am not smart enough. it is that i have extremely debilitating undiagnosed issues that because me to self destruct and self harm. my level of self hatred is not negligible. people have seen it in me for years. men have told me things like that i have a chip on my shoulder, they ask me why i am doing what i am doing, they use me repeatedly because i have no defense. it is a curse being intelligent at the bottom, especially for a woman. it is almost too painful to describe. and the fact is that i take pains not to blame others and to shoulder burdens on my own. and it is never enough, it is never good enough. i am used up and ruined. the only time things were going well for me, someone greedy and evil saw my happiness and my earnestness and they pounced on me. tricked me, used me up. hurt me beyond measure. and i feel that i am screaming inside but no one seems to care. it is past the point of being too proud to ask for help, it is just that it seems i am asking too late. the efforts i make now seem to be tainted and cursed. having high expectations of myself translates into high expectations of others and when you are down down down in a bad place financially, mentally as a woman believe me the amount of people who judge and mistrust your character is much higher than those willing to be sympathetic or to do anything to help.i make the issue worse by watching misogynist propaganda i find online. i play into that mindset that i am just a dirty slut that deserves to get thrown away, because it hurts so badly to not understand why my life has been so cruel. it almost is a relief to just feel the abuse, feel that i deserve it now because it keeps finding me. what a cursed existence. all because i wanted more from life, and i truly believed that i had been short changed and that if i worked hard enough that things could get better for me. unfortunately for someone that has the label independent woman, it is pretty unappealing in all reality where i am at geographically. not terrible, no one stops me. but people are suspicious. and men seem to just have a sixth sense that my passionate spirit and easy to excite personality and my openness are just ripe to abuse and take advantage of. i have to move in 3 days, i have nowhere lined up. i broke my foot recently and i also got charges for smoking marijuana recently. i had to take medicaid so that i could get some kind of medical care, and i hate myself for what i have become and where i am at now. to me, i am a victim of circumstance and of ignorance my own . yet no one cares about the particulars when you are down like i am, they just see someone emotionally out of control and our society, the world in general, treats women so disposably. i am extremely aware of my own disposability and the thrill or excitement or hope that allowed me to keep functioning in the past have been taken from me. amp x200b honestly, i am too overwhelmed to function and too stubborn to give up. i have never felt more misunderstood or more unattractive. i have thoughts of ending my life daily but i lie to the therapist about that because i do not want to end up in some lockdown or for it to be any more obvious how fucking insane i have gone from all of the despair. i feel strongly that at this point, because of my lifelong self destruction, that the only person who would really feel upset would be my mother. and even she is more than aware of the neglect and abuse in my past so even she would probably have to acknowledge that the act has given me some sort of relief. although she is so religious , maybe she would hate me for it. but it cannot be much worse than having to support your daughter who was ruined mentally by an abusive man and who has such misguided lofty aspirations when in reality, i am nothing more than a used up slut who is too old for a man to love. i know how skewed my perceptions are, it did not matter when i was functional, but now i am not. i do not want to face the consequences of the past . i want to give up because all of my idealism and hope are dead. and i am not even attractive or youthful or anything useful to a man anymore. yes i have got issues bad. i feel so worthless. i feel so hopeless. i am drawn to people that abuse me. i am a burden to the state and to my mother financially. i am not sexually driven or beautiful so i'have no worth to men. i have existed in misery without help for so long that nothing gives me happiness anymore and i attack those that try to help me because i have been hurt so many times. i want to gather all of my belongings, leave this place, leave my stuff with my mom and just drive away and find somewhere beautiful to end my life, alone and solitary and without anyone else around to hurt me. only myself just let me crawl away and die
i am not scared of death, i want it, but i want it to happen like a car crash, hit by a bus, building falling on me. a way that does not i valve me doing it to myself... but lately, driving to and from work, all i can picture is flooring it into any tree, pole, body of water that i see. i entertain the thought every day now. i have not been this bad since i was in middle high school. all my life i have been winging it because i did not think i would live this long. i wish i did not live this long, i cannot imagine living any longer. its so hard for me to wrap my head around the idea of living a full life. day after day. heartbreak, illness, tragedy, natural disasters, wars. with the exception of a few good moment far in between. i cannot understand how that is worth it to anyone, but i guess i am not like anyone. never have been. i am too self aware to live in this world with the thoughts and abilities of observation that i have. i know when people do not like me, i know when i am being annoying, i know i am not pleasing to the eyes and hearts of those around me. they will not verbally say it, but i can read their body language. i can read through the tone of voice or messages. i can tell when everyone who i ever cared about has done me wrong. especially lately. i cannot blame them. i do not like me either, i do not like how i look, sound, or act. i do not have a personality of my own. i merge. i blend. or i just occupy a space. i can provide acts of service and endearment, but i am rarely able to connect. or they cannot seem to connect with me. i used to be funnier, but in an immature freshman kind of humor that is not appropriate today. now, i do not know anything it seem my brain cannot consume, resonate, or learn new information. it does not stick. its not advanced like everyone else. i hate to ask questions because no matter what, i will not retain it. i am defective. my self imagine is lower than the floor, its in hell. growing up being told i will one day blossom like a flower or go from being an ugly ducklong to a beautiful swan was hopeful.. but that day never came. i can make a list as long as a cvs receipt on all the things i hate about my appearance alone. looking in the mirror is exhausting. recently had a great friend do a photoshoot of me, i felt confident in the moment, but as soon as i saw the pictures... i loathed myself even more. she is a brilliant photographer with skills. i wish i could have enjoyed them as much as she did. my motivation of anything disappeared a long time ago. i used to draw, fish, play games, hang out with old friends all the time. have not been able to enjoy anything outside of mindless phone games. the friends i used to have, who i thought were my friends... all moved away. i should not be sad about it. they moved a long time ago and they were not nice to me behind my back, but that was when i had the most joy. we were inseparable, going on adventures... then after they moved, i reconnected with another friend who i thought was different.. turned out to be same. i have realized that i have always been the ugly weird friend people drag along to uplift their image and status. those who i do or did connect with, they are excelling, moving forward with their own lives. i cannot relate to them because i am way back in the line. i do not want to block their way. new relationships, kids, work. i am so happy for them and wholeheartedly wish them the best. for my own relationships... 2 serious ones. first one was a dream come true. everything i could ask for until it was not. i was at a point where i was moving forward and they were too, but in a very different sense.. i wish them the best and i wish i could take back some words. now in my current one... if i even could say its currently happening.. 5 years. 5 years of what seemed to be my forever... until it was not, it might still be, but any outside perspective would tell me to run. we managed to get our first apartment, taught me how to drive, got a cat.. all the great milestones. until it they decided it was not what they wanted anymore by communicating with their ex again. since then, its been back and forth. my fault, continues to be my fault for staying. i do not even care anymore because i love them. i do not want anyone else. i also know when they leave for good... that will be the end times for me. one of the last threads that has been keeping here. it is fucked up, but that is my reality. though, it brings me back to wanting it to end in a freak accident rather than myself because i do not want that burden on my parents. that was, still is another waiting period, if all else fails, i will wait until they pass. all i really know, is that i was not made to be here. i have no purpose in this world if all i do is sit and suffer. repeatedly get hurt, especially on purpose. no personality that could allow new interactions, even then, i already know what the outcome of those would be. its a cycle of non stop reminders that i have no worth, no value, no point in existing. i would much rather be in eternal slumber than existing agony. what is the point for me
i am nearly 20, male, living in the uk. growing up i lived with my mum, my step dad, and my two half brothers. i was always an angry child, at 10 11 my mum called the police on me because she kicked me out and i smashed a window.i went to live with my dad as i was starting secondary school, he never made me do anything and allowed me to play video games all day long. i stopped washing as often and therefore started to get bullied for having greasy hair by a lot of the people i thought were my friends in primary school. soon after i moved schools and over the next 5 years my confidence slowly increased and by the end of it i got along with nearly everybody. however during that time i spent pretty much all of my time, that i was not sleeping or in school, playing video games, to the point where i have now spent 10s of thousands of hours of my life gaming. my attendance and behavior at school gradually got worse and worse. i did not care about revising for any of my gcses and therefore failed most of them. after school i did not stay in contact with any of my friends. then i went to the local college, but once again did not care about the work and skipped a lot of days to play video games. after a few months i met my ex online and soon after dropped out of college. i remember the first time i met her, i saw her walking towards me and i remember thinking she was the most beautiful person i had ever seen. also i could see she was nervous and i felt more confident than i had ever felt in my life and every time we met then on i had the same level of confidence. however i would not meet her very often as she lived an hour away and her parents did not like me. also after dropping out of college i started to develop social anxiety as i never went out, never met any friends, stayed in my room all day playing video games and talking to her. after a year of dating her we started to argue a lot more, she would often lie to me about things that would happen because she was scared of my reaction, and then eventually when i found out i would have a go at her and end up blocking her. she was very insecure and could not understand why i took out all my anger on her and just wanted to spend my entire day playing video games, and on top of that i accidentally got her pregnant twice and she lost them both because of stress. towards the end the arguments seemed to happen every week and i did not realise it at the time but now i know her life must have been hell. she struggled at college, her parents were very strict, she had to sneak out and get a train to visit me, as i was too insecure to visit her, and on top of all that the person she loved would treat her like shit and prioritise gaming over spending time with her. after two years of dating her, and an argument about me getting an aquarium with my benefits money i decided to leave her. my biggest regret. i started to quit playing video games and after about a month i contacted her again and found out she had found someone new. it almost killed me, i started to drink alcohol, cut myself and spent a lot of my nights sitting on a bridge over the motorway. for two months i tried winning her back, but she lied to me and was actually dating this other guy the whole time. over the 6 months after i left her i spent everyday drinking and was arrested 3 times and nearly sectioned 3 other times for trying to kill myself and calling the police saying i had weapons to try and have them kill me, and everytime i was handcuffed i would try smashing my head on the ground or wall because i wanted to punish myself.it is over a year later, i have been taking mirtazapine for the last 8 months. i think about her every single day and have tried contacting her so many times with fake accounts but every time i get angry that she hurt me and just end up trying to hurt her more. and if all that is not bad enough, every time i have tried to hurt her i have used every secret thing she told me she was insecure about because i wanted to hurt her as much as possible. i know this is pure evil. i now live in a caravan outside my mums house, i do not play video games anymore, i have been going to the gym everyday for the last few months, i have started to read books. i have got a few tattoos. i have tried to move forward with life and actually become a man. but since taking mirtazapine my memory has got a lot worse and i struggle to think straight. which is good for not obsessing over my ex but how can i have a future and live if i cannot even think. and a lot of the time i do not see the point in even trying, the best case scenario is i become a man and independent but even then i know i will end up hurting more people and i just do not want to hurt anybody ever again. i just do not know what to do and my reoccurring thought is that if i kill myself than i will spare a lot of people pain in the future, and i guess to also stop myself from being hurt again. no friends, no job, no relationship. i am not a good person, i have hurt people my entire life. is suicide righteous if it prevents more harm from being inflicted.
honestly, this is my first reddit post. i have never felt this way before. the story starts way back about a year ago. i have felt some sorts of depression throughout my early teens and have experimented with extremely high retarded in fact doses of otc medication to see the effects and what would happen with the goal of not waking up over some stupid shit i honestly should not have been stressed about. some dumb ass shit like getting yelled at or getting in trouble. i have been diagnosed with adhd since elementary school and have been pumped up with adderall and melatonin everyday in order to just act remotely normal and behave. around the beginning of high school i stopped everything completely and did act out a bit in school and with my parents, but nothing severe. i then started smoking weed, and a lot of it. i was high for probably 3 years of my life straight. every morning, and every night i would get absolutely blasted in order to just keep to myself and not because any trouble and a good nights rest . i vividly recall in grade 10 trying to stop smoking and i did not touch anything for a full week and i felt out of it and fried for the whole week so i just kept it going. i started to sell to keep up with my habits, and that is when my parents caught on. i would lash out and just be a brat towards my whole family. in grade 12 i failed my first 2 classes of the year and was not on track to graduate. my parents kicked me out, and i left the country to stay with close family. i was doing all my classes online and had great success. i decided to go towards the route of engineering specifically software and got straight a's in all of the prerequisites needed for university. i took a full year 8 classes of online high school and finished them all in a semester. i enrolled in university conditionally for the program and am just finishing up my last finals in order to upgrade my university classes i also graduated high school early and got my transcript . the problem is when i came my family would just shit on me and say it was all my fault i got in this position, and that if i did not change i would kill my parents. i would finish my work and in turn i would get liquor on the weekends to celebrate a job well done. at this point i was studying 14 hours a day, 7 days a week with no days off. at this point for a long time i was drinking on my own to cope with myself and help me sleep keep in mind i have been out of the country away from my families house since the beginning of the school year . my family i am staying with took my phone and went through my group chats and found old snaps of me smoking with my friends and what not, and took my phone away. i have not talked to my parents, or my friends in around 8 or 9 months, with the exception of my parents calling my family and in those situations they would mute the phone and force me to smile, say everything was alright, and give the phone back to them so my parents would not suspect anything. around 2 months ago when i graduated i started hanging out with my cousins and partying, and that is when my family found out i did cocaine, smoked lots with them, and drank regularly. currently i am not addicted or dependent on anything, but i am at the lowest point of my life. i life my whole life wrapped around the finger of my family. i can not watch tv, listen to music, work out, hang out with my family, or even take elongated breaks to eat or take a shower. my family is planning to have a road trip back to my home country to drop me off to my parents, but i truly do not see myself seeing my parents, friends, or family ever again. i genuinely do not see myself going to university, or even going home. currently i just wake up at 4 30, and study until 8 30 with 15 minute breaks to eat and take a shower before i sleep. i used to love talking to people and eating and hanging out, now i only feel remotely content by myself. i feel no urge to eat, i feel no contentness with my life, and i am overwhelmed with guilt for all the pain and suffering i have caused my family back home. i have zero appetite and like fucking clock work i puke my guts out every morning at 7 30. my family forces me to eat and i can not hold anything down. i am rapidly losing weight, and am losing the urge to live. i know i am for sure missing a lot out and it may be mixed up, this last year has been the craziest year of my life, but i think i got all the main bits in. i was just wondering if anyone felt this way, and if anybody thinks i am crazy, or being driven to that point. my family assures me its all my fault, and my lack of appetite is me screaming for attention and i am a attention seeking bitch, but i truly feel no urge to eat, and every day they just yell at me worse and worse and it pushes me closer and closer to the edge of killing myself. i truly am at rock bottom, and ready to end it all. i live my life in darkness, with nothing to look forward to, and no light in sight. please let me know what i should do. can anyone relate?
i got heavily exposed to some really toxic mold about five years ago while working as a scuba instructor. there was a thin layer of it on the interior of my scuba regulator and i was breathing off of that regulator for about 4 hours a day for 2 months underwater and as a result of that my mental health totally collapsed in about 7 weeks flat once i had figured out what was going on it was too late i had been severely poisoned i have been trying to get my mental health back ever since a couple of years ago i developed sudden onset severe debilitating tinnitus, with my hearing test coming back as normal . every time i talk to a doctor about this one of two things happens and they either say that is impossible and kill the issue or they do not know how to help or who to refer me to and kill the issue i have done a lot of my own research and have had some success controlling symptoms with various supplements but i need back up on this and there just is none. i have tried bringing what i have done and the limited success that i have had to my health care providers attention on multiple occasions and they have nothing worthwhile to say its always they do not know what to do and do not know who to refer me to and then the issue dies once again the research and the understanding just is not there yet for this kind of issue to date my health insurer refuses to acknowledge or entertain this issue. and insists all symptoms are mental health related only but also refuse to provide adequate testing to prove otherwise yes or no.i was recently able to push for a head mri and it showed something interesting in that it showed flagged for chronic paranasal sinus disease. this was interesting since previously my health insurer refused to authorize any test that would show such a condition and obviously what the mri technician saw on the mri was bad enough that it warranted calling the inflammation chronic with no other scan to compare it to. i do not have a clogged or stuffed nose. it is looking like i may have had do have a phantom cyclical fungal infection in my sinuses for half a decade now that is causing my tinnitus and mental health problems. i asked my health insurer for a ct scan to see the extent of the problem and a biopsy culture to see what is causing the problem, both were immediately denied. i am currently fighting them on that. what is the point on giving someone an mri if you plan on just ignoring the results?... if a ct scan and a biopsy culture shows a chronic fungal infection that is causing the inflammation, my tinnitus and my mental health problems might be treatable with the right combination of antifungals and steroids to treat the infection and bring down the inflammation. they are refusing to provide treatment by not providing the testing to see what treatment would help.i have been currently experience long term passive suicidal and or mutilation impulse on a near daily bases as a result of my current situation for seemingly no other reason. my health insurer is well aware of this and are celebrating since they finally provided a single individual therapy session and they feel that a single therapy session a month is adequate treatment for the situation that i am currently facing. i have been so destroyed by this situation that i am unemployed living with family and as result of making so little income last year i just switched over to state medi cal insurance. since i am now on state insurance my copays are zero and i am pretty sure that i can weaponize the current laws against my health insurer.these days i am passively suicidal on basically a daily basis but not actively suicidal. the current rules state that i am supposed to go to emergency if i am passively suicidal. i do not because i think that it is a waste of my time since there is no treatment there but i think that i might start going. since, if i start showing up to my health insurers emergency with passive suicidal thought on a regular basis they are required by law to check me in and evaluate me every time but cannot hold me unless i pose an immediate threat to myself or others. this will bill the state a few thousand dollars each time this happens and will only be a time inconvenience to me at what point will the state stand up and take notice? fifty thousand dollars of the tax payers money wasted, a hundred thousand, five hundred thousand? there has to be a threshold here where they start asking what the hell is going on here. i doubt they will blame the suicidal guy that is just trying not to die by suicide. then i can leak the story to the media and let the story snowball from there. the negative publicity for health insurer may be very significant. let me know what you think? i am thinking about weaponizing the current laws against my health insurer to get adequate testing and treatment let me know what you think?
i got heavily exposed to some really toxic mold about five years ago while working as a scuba instructor. there was a thin layer of it on the interior of my scuba regulator and i was breathing off of that regulator for about 4 hours a day for 2 months underwater and as a result of that my mental health totally collapsed in about 7 weeks flat once i had figured out what was going on it was too late i had been severely poisoned i have been trying to get my mental health back ever since a couple of years ago i developed sudden onset severe debilitating tinnitus, with my hearing test coming back as normal. every time i talk to a doctor about this one of two things happens and they either say that is impossible and kill the issue or they do not know how to help or who to refer me to and kill the issue i have done a lot of my own research and have had some success controlling symptoms with various supplements but i need back up on this and there just is none. i have tried bringing what i have done and the limited success that i have had to my health care providers attention on multiple occasions and they have nothing worthwhile to say its always they do not know what to do and do not know who to refer me to and then the issue dies once again the research and the understanding just is not there yet for this kind of issue to date my health insurer refuses to acknowledge or entertain this issue. and insists all symptoms are mental health related only but also refuse to provide adequate testing to prove otherwise yes or no.i was recently able to push for a head mri and it showed something interesting in that it showed flagged for chronic paranasal sinus disease. this was interesting since previously my health insurer refused to authorize any test that would show such a condition and obviously what the mri technician saw on the mri was bad enough that it warranted calling the inflammation chronic with no other scan to compare it to. i do not have a clogged or stuffed nose. it is looking like i may have had do have a phantom cyclical fungal infection in my sinuses for half a decade now that is causing my tinnitus and mental health problems. i asked my health insurer for a ct scan to see the extent of the problem and a biopsy culture to see what is causing the problem, both were immediately denied. i am currently fighting them on that. what is the point on giving someone an mri if you plan on just ignoring the results?... if a ct scan and a biopsy culture shows a chronic fungal infection that is causing the inflammation, my tinnitus and my mental health problems might be treatable with the right combination of antifungals and steroids to treat the infection and bring down the inflammation. they are refusing to provide treatment by not providing the testing to see what treatment would help.i have been currently experience long term passive suicidal and or mutilation impulse on a near daily bases as a result of my current situation for seemingly no other reason. my health insurer is well aware of this and are celebrating since they finally provided a single individual therapy session and they feel that a single therapy session a month is adequate treatment for the situation that i am currently facing. i have been so destroyed by this situation that i am unemployed living with family and as result of making so little income last year i just switched over to state medi cal insurance. since i am now on state insurance my copays are zero and i am pretty sure that i can weaponize the current laws against my health insurer.these days i am passively suicidal on basically a daily basis but not actively suicidal. the current rules state that i am supposed to go to emergency if i am passively suicidal. i do not because i think that it is a waste of my time since there is no treatment there but i think that i might start going. since, if i start showing up to my health insurers emergency with passive suicidal thought on a regular basis they are required by law to check me in and evaluate me every time but cannot hold me unless i pose an immediate threat to myself or others. this will bill the state a few thousand dollars each time this happens and will only be a time inconvenience to me at what point will the state stand up and take notice? fifty thousand dollars of the tax payers money wasted, a hundred thousand, five hundred thousand? there has to be a threshold here where they start asking what the hell is going on here. i doubt they will blame the suicidal guy that is just trying not to die by suicide. then i can leak the story to the media and let the story snowball from there. the negative publicity for health insurer may be very significant. let me know what you think? i am thinking about weaponizing the current laws against my health insurer to get adequate testing and treatment let me know what you think?
long one, thanks for reading..i was going a moderate depression. my therapist and gf suggested i take a medical leave, but i was concerned about having those free extra hours to drive me crazy, and about my career. gf suggested she could work from my place and keep me company. and if i felt anxious, she would be there. i accept the idea of the leave, and immediately become a different person. therapy does wonders without the anxiety of work, and the cloud of depression is gone. the little voice tellling me everything will go wrong and ill be alone is gone. i feel safe. i feel happy. i feel hope.two days before the medical leave, she asked me when she gets to meet my parents. big step! but it just makes me happier, my life is going somewhere, the depression is lessening exponentially, and i have clearly met someone that loves me.the day before the leave begins, she dumps me via text. it had been 9 months. of course, i went from moderately anxious and depressed, to severely so. however, at least, she promises she will still be with me every step of the way, and i could call whenever. i start a php, which is more intensive group therapy. on day 3 of the php, they pull me out of therapy to tell me i am clearly too depressed for their program and they might have to release me, aka kick me out. i did not mention any suicidal thoughts, but i guess they saw something in my attitude. i freak out, even the people that are supposed to help me tell me i am too broken for them. i am in crisis and scared and my ex comes over. she spends the whole day with me, about 10 hours. she tells me she is in love with me, that she will be there. day 4 of the php they kick me out. i text my ex, and she responds asking me to delete her number and that she cannot help me anymore. in the span of 5 minutes, i lose my entire support system. i become suicidal.i get worse and worse, and start making plans. that scares me so much i text my ex regardless, being honest about it this is not about getting her back, or a manipulation tactic this is a human being that is terrified. she made promises that allowed me to depend and lean on her, and broke them all. i understand giving an ex space, but i am also fighting and losing for my life, so i do not think its that disrespectful of her space. she never responds.my mother discovers how bad i am and stays with me. she helps with daily life stuff, but i am way too broken. i keep thinking of my exs behavior as a betrayal. i tell myself this is proof that i cannot count on anyone, that my life will always suck. my mother hugs me, i feel nothing. i keep getting worse, and have an episode where i just went catatonic. she would talk to me and i would not respond, forget about eating. did not move for hours. she gets so scared she calls a friend of mine. same deal, hugs me, says hes here for me, but it does not nothing for me. the damage of the betrayal seems to have put me past repair.i get hospitalized, but when sent back home immediately feel as before. i just lost the ability to hope, and be affected by others. i wake up crying. i do that all day until i go to sleep.. still crying. sometimes i stop crying, but its out of exhaustion, not having gotten anything out. sometimes because i scream while i cry and my throat hurts too much. this goes on for 2 weeks. i swallow my pride, and beg my ex for help. if no one can get to me, maybe she can. if the betrayal can be undone, maybe ill stop seeing the world as my enemy. she did promise.. but no response.after the third week, my mother in desperation calls her. we know its bad, we know its not healthy, but this is starting to be life or death. she created a dependency with her promises and it broke my mind, my mother hopes that i will react to her.ex shows concern for a moment, calls although my mom did not hear the phone . my mother calls back, but it goes straight to voicemail, and we never hear back. she blocked her too..i have done everything. the drugs, the hospital, the php, the medical leave. my support system is not helping me, not through fault of their own, they just cannot get me to move or eat or feel anything. i get no warmth from their hugs. we disrespected my exs boundaries in desperation hoping she would make a difference, but she apparently has left me to die. i have done it all. i want it to end. i have begun planning for it, and its destroying my family. i could get hospitalized yet again, but the underlying issue always returns the betrayal broke me. i had plenty of other issues physical health, work, pandemic , but was still getting better, fought against it all. until the betrayal. it does not seem like i can get out of this one. i am out of energy, and i am out of a fight. i just want out i was almost out of the woods, then someone kicked me down and everyday i think about ending things
i have never felt like my parents loved each other. and staying together just for me made me realize once again that i am actually a burden. despite my mom's efforts to tell me that i am not a burden and that i was wanted and i am her 'miracle', i have always felt like a burden. when i was a child i could not put my finger on what made me feel that way but now i can. all their fights were about money. we stayed in an one room apartment and there were, some nights, cockroaches crawling around and giving me nightmares. me and my mom slept in a bed, while dad slept on the couch. he snored so loudly. i felt a cockroach on my forehead one night.one day, i had to go to school with my neighbors my girl friend who was a year younger than me and her mom and we were waiting for my mom. we were in front of my door and we could hear my mom yelling at my dad. i entered the apartment and told my mom we were waiting for her she thought we were gone by then. i got out of the apartment after she told me she was going to come, and i could hear her yelling again. i was so embarrased and scared. my mom broke a mirror with her fist and there was blood on the floor when she got out. my dad came after her just to hit her in the head. i think i had my first panic attack then but i do not remember. me, my friend and her mom left and i wanted actually to go to school so i could forget. so i could get away from them. i cannot remember, but i think my dad was the one who told me not to go to school that day. so my mom took me to her friend's house where she complained about what happened.that is not all. there were fights almost every week. all about money.we moved in another apartment. 2 rooms this time. and you think i should have been happy right? i was not. i still slept with my mom because she wanted to. i slept in the same bed with her until recently i am almost 20 . she told me i was going to thank her later. shit. now i have my own room and i am not happy. i guess all these years of being miserable made me immune to happiness. when i was 12 i started self harm. i was cutting my wrists. she found out and she was angry about that. she yelled at me. my sister died in a car accident and because of my mom's mom but i will talk about this later . that is why i am my parents 'miracle'. though, my father keeps joking about how he did not want me actually. 'a miracle indeed', means i was unexpected. when i was 10, he bought me some trousers. they were big sized. the cashier told him i do not need such a big size. yes, i was somehow overweight. like, 5 or maybe 10 kilograms more than i should have had. i liked food, i still do. like, tasting food is the only thing that makes me feel good. anyway, he bought the trousers anyway after telling the cashier she is fat. . we got home and guess what. the stupid trousers were indeed very big for me. and when i told him that he raised his voice telling me 'you are fat, understand that already!!!!'. i think this fucked my self esteem so hard. i have social anxiety and i cannot go outside. i am afraid, i hope the next university year will be online again. he hit me from times to times. he told me once to buy something from a specific shop and i bought from another because i forgot. he hit my leg. he hit me many times when he found out i started smoking ciggs. 16 years old and my mom allowed it because she was the one finding me smoking and thought they were right. my dad said something like she will become a whore eventually ...... just because i smoked... like almost every teenager.. i remembered this part of my childhood because they are fighting now.. they kept yelling at each other 'go to hell' and swear words that i cannot translate to english. they are so uneducated and my mom is obsessed with church. she told me that a priest think we will have a war on august. she keeps telling me that people are stupid and do not know what is coming. i just feel like if i had other parents and a decent life i would have been somebody by now, you know? maybe i would have had a summer job i had 3 and they fucked my self esteem even more maybe i would have had a boyfriend, a group of friends. i do not understand how girls can undress in front if someone.. i cannot even imagine. i am so embarrased with myself. i am a virgin and i feel like a failure. who would want such an unexperienced girlfriend? no one loves me and i love nobody. sometimes i make myself think that i love someone, that i care about someone but that is my imagination. being poor is not embarrasing my mom tells me. no, but i am still embarrased with how things did not work for me just because you are who you are. if you read all this shit, thanks. i have no one that i can go to. writing a part of my childhood trauma. long shit. i know you are not going to read. i will pretend this is my diary.
when we were still together.23rd of december 2019 my then boyfriend killed himself by hanging in an psyciatric ward. a week before this he had taken a lot of benzos and i had been at a night shift. so when i came home in the morning i went straight to bed. i noticed he had fallen asleep on the couch but i did not want to wake him up. 6h later i wake up and go to pee and whatever you do when you wake up. when i passed the trash next to the kitchen i noticed all these emtpy benzo boxes. i rushed to the couch and he was drooling and could barely keep his eyes open, so i smacked his face not as in abusive but trying to wake him up and calling his name he was kind of awake but like a zombie. so i tried to get him to stand up and go to the bed to sleep it off i was going to call for an ambulance but a month before this he had taken a box of paracet and i called the ambulance and he got so mad at me but i did not care about him getting mad, i was going to call but as soon as he got up on his feet he wanted to have sex. i tried to lay him down, and told him we could not because i was tired etcetc not trying to put it on him and that he was a fucking zombie at the time. but he pushed me to the bed and held me down, i almost could not believe it cus a minute ago he could barely stand and now he was pushing me on the bed basicslly trying to do it against my will.he could not get an erection because of all the benzo and i was relived. but he started crying, saying he was not a man cus he could not get his dick up so i started comforting him ? telling him we could watch a movie or anything else to get him distracted so i could call the ambulance i know i should have done that when i saw the boxes in the trash cannot do much about it now but his manhood was ruined so he needed to go out and take some amphetamine. and when i tried to block the bedroom door he took his hand around my troat and squeesed and pulled me away and threw me on the floor. he then looked for his wallet and phone so me being filled with adrenaline, got up and blocked the door going to the hallway. he then toon a knife and pressed it against my throat and said i have stabbed my brother, imagine what i could do to you and i just remeber telling him fine, alright. i will move away from the door now and i did and he walked off. i looked out the window until i could not see him anymore, and when i could not it was as if my whole body just went numb. i remember falling to the ground because i could not feel me knees legs anything waist down and cried while calling my best friend who is on the other side of the country. she had to guide me on who to contact cus shw knew i had made two new friends in the city. so i called them both, 1st had visitors so i just hung up, called my bff again and she told me to call the other person my now boyfriend and my ex's best friend and he had to guide me through the phone on what to do, step by step. he told me to get a bag, how many of different clothes and to get out of there and he would meet me at the 1st guy i called apartment. i stayed there for a week, i did not dare to answer my then bf calls, texts or even tell anyone where i was cus i was scared of telling any one else what had happened. so i turned off my phone. a week later my friend got a call from the police cus they knew i was there. and they told me it was critical and i had to get to the hospital.he died that day, and i was planning to follow him to the other side. both me and his best friend my now boyfriend .. idk found each other in grief? lifted each other up, we understood each other and what we went trough so we fell in love, and all of a sudden we both wanted to live for each other. it happened fast, not going to lie. 2 months later we were in a relationship.now my ex's family is blaming me for his death even tho i had already 'saved' him 5 times from suicide in 10months, before i met him he had tried to take his life 30 times or more. idk why i let his family make me feel like shit but it fucking sucks and it fucking hurts knowing that these people knew what he had done, how many times he had tried before and now i have to suffer from it. i am still with his best friend, and he honestly saved my life. i know i should be happy with just that but i cry everytime i am alone and i talk cry to empty rooms and empty chairs, basically shouting at my ex's ghost. its everything from telling him i am sorry to yelling how much i hate him for what he put me throug.idk what i needed from this post, maybe just to share it cus his familu does not believe me. they believe i cheated cus i got together with his bff 2 months after his death.if someone made it this far please tell me how to move away from this, i am so tired of feeling like it really was my fault my ex killed himself
i am thinking i might add more. i have cut out personal names unfriend me now to make this easier on yourself. i am going to kill myself now or kill myself later. call the cops to ease your mind, no ones going to find me. waste your time by telling you care when you do not, because i know when all seems good people do not care. give me your reason that i am wrong to say such things. say to me that you have been going through what i have been going through. people with double standards against me, that judge me ignorantly, deny it please, so you can feel better about yourself. i have had enough of every christian with a double standard of love you rather judge than get to know others. you do not know me, because you judge me. and i do not know you because i judge you. if you talk behind my back, you should grow up and talk face to face. but fuck that now, it is too late.so now, know me for the fucking piece of shit i am. i am a fool, i know nothing. but you are wise, discerned, you know many things. tell me what ought to do. i am weak and broken. yet you are strong.no more condescension. no more bullying. no more emotional abuse. for those who are wondering about christianity, a lot of them are just broken imperfect people acting like they are perfect.they ignore fellow believer that struggles with depression. some of them forgive you and cut you off, for something they did that they cannot see. some them lie straight to your face saying that they care for you, and then go ignoring you. some of them are your best friends, that say they are there for you but then drop you like a stone when it gets too heavy. some of them use you, and again for sake of their image, get rid of you, because you are brokenness is too much of a mess. some of make falsehoods about you to justify what they say, when you really just need someone to talk to. also i find it hard to believe that christians would rather isolate you than love you.more than 5 years of wanting to kill myself. i cannot talk about it. people say i talk to much about it, shut me down. people say i should be happy, shut me down. people say i am not the only one, shut me down. now i will not talk about it. now, i will try to be happy. oh now, i know i am not the only one. tell me with your learned words, i am being unfair in my statements. call me arrogant for saying these things for feeling this way. my heart has been filling up because i have been silenced by a hardened heart of people, and now it is spilling over. all i see is evil. christians should not ignore someone who is struggling, we are supposed to represent christ's love, but it seems these people get caught up in themselfs rather then share love. i am joining them, i am going to think about myself as i kill myself. no more christains with double standards of love. people who are so focused on their image ethier online or in person no more. is too hard encourage others? or is it just encouraging specific people you do not like? and again, for those who think i am always negative. you paint pictures that you want to see. never hearing the broken. no more prejudice.out of everything i cannot stand, the most is myself, so i am ending it. i am finding somewhere secluded. and it would be a shame to hear from me again after saying all this crap. i am making sure it is done. also i do not want to be locked up, and go through the same thing that is making me type this.and for those thinking i am seeking attention, use your brain. even if it is that, does not mean it is not a cry for help? but i have to prove to those who think like that. i am going to kill myself, do not worry. i could write book from this heart of pain and thought, so give me your wise words. look at your heart and learn from yourself. this does not apply to everyone, but that does not mean by saying that, you are one the ones this does not apply too judge for yourself fucking look in the mirror and actually look. are not you wise? or do you know that you know nothing? both trains of thought gives you all the more reason to look at yourself.this is the only stage i am getting, my death. let me make a splash, so you can forget about me. i am sorry i am unbearable, it is my fault that i am too much to bear. i am sorry i am annoying, it is my fault. now with your knowledge, hear what i am actually saying. fuck this rant for being stupid. i fucking do not deserve anything. rape me with your words, and tell me how stupid i am between the lines, or something like that. this is sad. no one wants to truly die. however, if you force feed your own words into someone is mouth not giving a someone a chance to speak, they will be voiceless. and voicelessness is what kills. my suicide note tell me what you think
as i type all this out, i am certain that the final chapter to my story is coming to a close. i am so lost. so empty. so bewildered. i do not even know what i am feeling right now, let alone who i even am. i can barely formulate words to describe to you how mentally fucked i am. that is why it is taken me over 7 draft's and 4 month's to type this post out. i want to apologize in advance if i am all over the place here.i really miss being a kid. i was a charming fellow who oozed optimism. everywhere i went, i radiated positivity. perhaps you could mistake this for innocence? regardless though, everything was so different then. the only thing that mattered to me was catching the latest episode of ed, edd, and eddy. never in a million years would i have expected to grow up and be worth less than the ground beneath your feet. here i am at 21 and i have become, nothing. i do not have a car, i just got a job and i probably will not keep it for much longer , i have no one to love or appreciate me, the little amount of friend's i have are slowly pushing me out of their lives, my credit is fucked. the only thing i have is music. but even still, it can only go so far. drowning out my thoughts in tune is great and all but eventually, i will be brought back to reality and my little fantasy will vanish.it does not help that i still live with my emotionally abusive, narcissistic mother. what is worse is that, realistically, she is the only remaining person in my life and because of this, i am forced to love her. but loving her fucking hurts. it feel's as if i am walking on egg she will's when i am around her. she constantly gaslight's and manipulate the fuck out of me to the point where now she has complete control over my life and emotions. not only is everything my fault but she convinces me that i have said thing's to her and i cannot recall me ever doing so. if i try to strike up a conversation, she pays little to no attention to what i am saying what so ever, and then scolds me for not talking to her. she always calls me inadequate and weak. whenever i mention a promise she made to me, or something hurtful she is said to me in the past, she acts like she has no idea what i am referring to and say's, ...that does not even sound like me. i would never say anything like that to you... . everything she says to me leaves me questioning my past and rationality. maybe i am a weak, lesser human ass pussy that overreacts and exaggerates? as fucked as it sounds, at times i wish she would just bawl her hands up into a fist and let out all her frustration and anger onto me. but she does not. so instead, i take a blade to my arm and brand words onto it.it is incredibly difficult for me to describe my emotion's. it is almost as if my brain is like the physical manifestation of white noise. most of the time i feel so dissociative, my entire being is on auto pilot and i do not really snap out of it until i am in stressful situations. but by then, anxiety ensues and i start trembling. like now for example.suicide has been the hand tugging at my shirt for as long as i can remember, as far back as my youth. i even attempted twice this year, and unfortunately i am still here to tell the tale. i know a lot of people attempt because they want for their pain to end. for me, it is a bit different. my pain will not end. as long as my heart beat's, i will forever remain this way. there is no light at the end of the tunnel. these thought's will never stop. i will never not be depressed and miserable. it is been almost a decade since i have been this way, and it will never end. i have tried almost everything therapy, meditation, religion, hotlines, support groups. nothing. next time, i want to ensure my method will work. i do not want to survive and end up in a vegetated state or losing half of my face or what have you. last month, i watched as my childhood friend was buried 6 feet under. he shot himself. well, i take that back. i did not attend the funeral. my mom guilt tripped me out of doing so. imagine what kind of shit friend i am. pathetic. no wonder everyone is pushing me away.i have no idea what to expect when i post all this but...it is really late. i am not making any sense right now. if you managed to read through this bible's worth of text and hear me rambling and being a bitch, thanks i guess. maybe someone might give a fuck. i have a treat for you. it is the only gift i can give this world half decent taste in music. listen to a different age by current joys , the whole album. it is been on repeat as i have typed out all this bullshit. if you are as low as me, maybe this album will speak to you as it is done to me. me rambling a bunch about my life being so cruel.
been pretty miserable with my life for what feels like the longest time so i am just going to vent some of the thoughts i have been having. my entire life i have felt like nothing but one huge fuck up. when i was younger i could barely sit through my classes and was diagnosed with adhd and was prescribed concerta when i was like 6. i was so young that i could not even swallow the pills whole, my parents has to open the capsules and mix it in yogurt just so i could take it. i felt so awful that i could not do what everyone else could on my own and i think i started spiraling from there. got more and more sad, got prescribed more and more drugs and just kept feeling worse and worse. if you can name a stimulant or antidepressant, chances are i have taken it at some point. i cannot shake the feeling that they have all fucked my head up. i cannot even remember my childhood. i do not have any fond memories growing up at all. i feel like i should feel nostalgic for something, anything to remind me of the better times, but i cannot shake the feeling i have always been miserable. all the adderall and prozac really messed with my head. i have done a lot of weird embarrassing shit that i have no answers for and i cannot ever get it off my mind with the few friends i do have bringing it up all the time. every single time someone brings it up, i feel this seering, screaming embarrassment and all i can think of is hanging myself. i am such a loser embarrassing fuck and all i do is ruin myself. the only way i have gotten through any of it is by pretending it does not exist and disassociating with video games. in high school all i did was go to school and play video games. they kind of became my life for years. collecting them and learning about game history used to be my biggest passion, but i feel like they stopped being fun years ago and i just play them now because that is all i do. i am such a loser disassociated fuck with a fucked up loser adhd brain and i cannot take myself seriously for even a second without wrapping myself in like 5 layers of irony. i can barely tell where i am half the time i can barely sleep at night. people would always tell me that it would get better, that oh high school sucks for everyone but i am 21 and i feel just as awful as ever. i feel so cursed everywhere i go all i do is fuck everything up. i cannot trust myself to do the most basic of shit without fucking it all up. i feel like a sociopath and i hate it. i do not know what to do with all these thoughts. i have only gotten this far by doing nothing about them, but i feel like if i keep doing that i will end up with a bullet in my skull. last week i got kind of drunk and put a noose around my neck and injured my throat in the process. i am terrified of myself. like i want to die, but i do not want to want to die you know? like of course i would love it if things did not turn out this way, but the way things are now i just want to end it. i feel like i know exactly how to fix all my problems too, but i just feel like i cannot with my retard ass smooth brain. i just keep taunting myself with shit like oh if only i was not sped i could actually go to the gym consistently and talk to people and make fulfilling connections and actually improve my life, but i am fucking laying in bed for like 14 hours straight wishing to die. its the worst feeling i have ever felt in my life and i cannot stop thinking about it. i could go back to therapy, i have had tons of different therapists over the years, some better than others, but none of them ever really made me feel any better, and the last 2 i saw just tried to sell me shit so i am not exactly in the market for a new one. god i feel like i could fix a lot of my problems if i just did not hate myself so much but it just feels so deeply rooted that i do not think i could ever see myself liking who i am and that just makes it so much worse. i cannot help but think what my life would be like if i had never gotten diagnosed in the first place. like would i be the fuck i am now if my head never got fucked up in the first place, or would i be even more of a spaz?so tldr i am a miserable borderline psycho who spent over 15 years taking meds that made all his problems worse and i have not felt happy since middle school. i apologize for how rambly this post is, but it is like 10 am and i did not sleep last night because i could not stop thinking of the ways i could kill myself. i am not really looking for any support or anything in the comments i just kind of felt like venting because i have never actually put any of this into words before. thanks to anyone that actually read this far tho. god i hate myself
i will not write a lot to not waste ur time ended up writing a lot , but for the past 8 years, my life has been hell. got gt !sad! lt by a family member, parents insulting me, emotionally abusing me and overall having suicidal thoughts. mind you i have gt !binge eating problems and struggle a lot with my weight! lt about 2 years ago, that is when things got worse, that is when i grew up and realized how fucked up my parents are. they would beat me, then show me love. insult me to the point i would want to gt !end my life! lt , then show affection by buying stuff. this would go on for years. i had the opportunity to have a psychologist at school to help me sort things out in 2020 2021 it helped quite a bit, but now it is summer vacation, aka i have no one to talk to. me and my friends have stopped being close and this is where my gt ! suicidal thoughts! lt peaked again. about 8 9 months ago, i have planned to gt !overdose on pills! lt . since i am a minor, i do not have access any pain killers etc, i only had tylenol. the day i was supposed to do it, i stopped myself, i told myself it would get better, or so i thought. recently i feel exhausted, i have no one to talk to and etc etc. everyday i try to be happy, playing valorant with friends, meeting new people and brushing off all the intrusive thoughts my mind had. but hey of course things would never go right. my brother bought a gt !weight scale! lt , or whatever its called. i was stressing a lot, knowing my dad would tell me to go on it, and of course he did. gt !i weight a lot, basically overweight! lt . the disappointment i saw in my parents face were sad. as i said earlier, i struggle a lot w my weight, mostly because of my parents. my younger self would not give a fuck about how much gt ! i gain or loose weight! lt , but over the years, about when i turned 10 12, that is when i started gt !gaining weight,! lt which made my parents concerned. i understand why they are concerned but the things they would do to help me??? exemple one time my mom got nervous about my stretch marks, so she brought me to a family doctor and the family doctor told me that gt !i was overweight! lt . my mom, mad and disappointed started insulting me on the way home for about 10 minutes. then she called my aunt, and for 15 minutes straight they,both, were insulting the shit out of me, calling me gt !pig,ugly,fat,embarrasing,disgusting and many insults! lt all in vietnamese . when we got home, she had to make a scene of course, screaming and yelling how much i weight and calling me names, that is when my dad joined and insulted me even more. that night, i was very close of just ending it. i am also failing math and important things asian parents would want they are kid to succeed in. i do not understand why i cannot just end it already? why am i so afraid of something i want? i could just end it right now, and all of this will go away, i will not have to experience this anymore. i will be free, correct? today, right now 4 39 pm, 2021 07 18, gt !i feel like ending it again! lt , but i am such a pussy for not ending it, i really do want to die but i do not know what is holding me back. i could say it is my friends, but they could not care less about me, barely check up on me, etc etc. . in another dimension, i could say my parents family, but obviously they are the because of this. so who the actual fuck am i staying alive for? literally no one. so why cannot i just end it? nothing makes me happy anymore, unless i just fake it and act like a happy person. you might think i am the most ungrateful brat ever, you can say that, but please understand where i am coming from. i am so grateful to have a family. but can they act like humans for ounce? not insulting everything about me for 5 minutes? not making me hate myself for everything? i have also lost so many actually loved ones these past years, lost many precious friends, due to my mentality i could not afford being happy or caring for someone else anymore, so i lost many friends. lost my precious grandpa a few weeks ago. and everything is going down hill, when i told my friends my grandpa passed away, they left me on seen, and never replied. so i ended up deleting my messages like pratically every messages lol . i know my friends are not therapists, but atleast, brighten me up? idk maybe i should not rely on other people, but yet again i have no one to rely on. i will go off for a few hours, will check up if there is any comments to this. if anyone is still reading, thank you so much, i just wanted to rant but yeah.lots of love, ahria. not real name ofc 14yo ranting tw mention of suicide,overdose and insecurity of body
pog, if you are reading this, i am probably dead. about 9 months before my oldest brother was born, i did the maths on my parents ages and it worked out that my mother was barely 16 at the time, whereas my dad was almost 34. which is pretty fuckin creepy. this also predates the solemnization date of their marriage by about 6 months. as a kid, i was basically treated like the favourite child, fuckin royalty by my mother. which is not a good thing, honestly. she pretty much treated me like a toddler until i was about 13, shielding me from everything, i.e. sex, kids that were not my colour, etc. she also did some really creepy and gross shit, like forcing me to wear nappies, showering with me, to a very creepily late age. its probably why i act so immature and childish, i literally do not know how to grow up. i am always going to be an annoying fuck ddd she also started going on real weird power trips, like screaming about how i should know my place over the smallest things, and buying sticks to beat us with anyway, cos i was treated like a favourite child, it caused my four siblings to fucking r e s e n t me. i remember one time, when i was 8 and he was 17, my brother kicked me fuckin hard. he had to move out for a few months. i was told the reason why is cos the police were investigating that thing, turns out my sisters made false rape allegations against him. my other brother also told me the entire family breaking down was my fault this was when i was 7 or 8, its probably why i apologise for fuckin everything. i do be ruining everything every day, my dad used to come around. my parents got divorced cos my mum wanted to get a job and not be a stay at home mum, and my dad got pissed the fuck off. he lived in the second house we had, my mother kicked him out and got the first house in the divorce proceedings. they fought every fucking day, a couple times it got physical but most of the time it was just yelling. during one of their shouting matches, i remember my dad shouting something that he only came every day for me, because my other siblings are old enough to go see him whenever they wanted. i felt hugely fuckin guilty cos it was literally my fault that everyone had to deal with these fights cos of me, so i eventually moved out in 2017 because i hated the feelings of guilt whenever he came around. that shit backfired anyway, because i was seen as the fucking enemy by my mum, as if i betrayed her side of the family when i just wanted the fighting and shouting to stop.right after i left my mum, my uncle head of maths at the school i went to got me a school therapist who was actually just his mate telling me by islamic law i should respect my mum and go back to her because otherwise i will go to hell. i reported him and he got fired, but it left a sour taste in my mouth, i fucking hate therapy now. shit i do not remember the dates for.finding a picture of a young girl like, a toddler. in a swimsuit hidden on the family computermy brother putting my mother in a headlock, and almost fuckin choking her out.i also have a feeling i was nonced on as a kid, because i seem to have the symptoms other victims have, ie. repressing most of my childhood memories, hypersexuality from a very young age, and a fear of males in general, to be honest.i just feel like an accident. it is less that i want to die, i just wish i was not here in the first place. taking up space, annoying people, making tons of mistakes, hurting people i care about. at this point i self harm because i deserve the pain. even as i type this, i am marking up my skin, scratching my wrists and my torso. it stings, but i cannot stop doing it.i try my best to be a good person. i give food to as many homeless people i can see, i try to be supportive and caring, the kind of friend i always wish i had when i was suffering. but i cannot help feeling like its not enough. i am not enough for anyone. all i ever wanted was to make people smile, to help them as much as i can so my existence is not a complete fucking waste.but i keep fucking up, i keep hurting people, i keep on being a cunt. i do not know how to fix myself, and i am starting to realise i cannot.i just want to know why i hate myself so damn much.i am sick of being an outcast, all i have ever wanted is to fit in, to be normal . but every time i look in the mirror, no matter what i do, all i can see are my parents, and what they fucking made me. i need to force myself to remember ill always be alone, instead of getting my dumb fucking hopes up whenever i meet a new person. because they will abandon me sooner or later. my story tw sexual assault and self harm
pog, if you are reading this, i am probably dead. about 9 months before my oldest brother was born, i did the maths on my parents ages and it worked out that my mother was barely 16 at the time, whereas my dad was almost 34. which is pretty fuckin creepy. this also predates the solemnization date of their marriage by about 6 months. as a kid, i was basically treated like the favourite child, fuckin royalty by my mother. which is not a good thing, honestly. she pretty much treated me like a toddler until i was about 13, shielding me from everything, i.e. sex, kids that were not my colour, etc. she also did some really creepy and gross shit, like forcing me to wear nappies, showering with me, to a very creepily late age. its probably why i act so immature and childish, i literally do not know how to grow up. i am always going to be an annoying fuck ddd she also started going on real weird power trips, like screaming about how i should know my place over the smallest things, and buying sticks to beat us with anyway, cos i was treated like a favourite child, it caused my four siblings to fucking r e s e n t me. i remember one time, when i was 8 and he was 17, my brother kicked me fuckin hard. he had to move out for a few months. i was told the reason why is cos the police were investigating that thing, turns out my sisters made false rape allegations against him. my other brother also told me the entire family breaking down was my fault this was when i was 7 or 8, its probably why i apologise for fuckin everything. i do be ruining everything every day, my dad used to come around. my parents got divorced cos my mum wanted to get a job and not be a stay at home mum, and my dad got pissed the fuck off. he lived in the second house we had, my mother kicked him out and got the first house in the divorce proceedings. they fought every fucking day, a couple times it got physical but most of the time it was just yelling. during one of their shouting matches, i remember my dad shouting something that he only came every day for me, because my other siblings are old enough to go see him whenever they wanted. i felt hugely fuckin guilty cos it was literally my fault that everyone had to deal with these fights cos of me, so i eventually moved out in 2017 because i hated the feelings of guilt whenever he came around. that shit backfired anyway, because i was seen as the fucking enemy by my mum, as if i betrayed her side of the family when i just wanted the fighting and shouting to stop.right after i left my mum, my uncle head of maths at the school i went to got me a school therapist who was actually just his mate telling me by islamic law i should respect my mum and go back to her because otherwise i will go to hell. i reported him and he got fired, but it left a sour taste in my mouth, i fucking hate therapy now. shit i do not remember the dates for.finding a picture of a young girl like, a toddler. in a swimsuit hidden on the family computermy brother putting my mother in a headlock, and almost fuckin choking her out.i also have a feeling i was nonced on as a kid, because i seem to have the symptoms other victims have, ie. repressing most of my childhood memories, hypersexuality from a very young age, and a fear of males in general, to be honest.i just feel like an accident. it is less that i want to die, i just wish i was not here in the first place. taking up space, annoying people, making tons of mistakes, hurting people i care about. at this point i self harm because i deserve the pain. even as i type this, i am marking up my skin, scratching my wrists and my torso. it stings, but i cannot stop doing it.i try my best to be a good person. i give food to as many homeless people i can see, i try to be supportive and caring, the kind of friend i always wish i had when i was suffering. but i cannot help feeling like its not enough. i am not enough for anyone. all i ever wanted was to make people smile, to help them as much as i can so my existence is not a complete fucking waste.but i keep fucking up, i keep hurting people, i keep on being a cunt. i do not know how to fix myself, and i am starting to realise i cannot.i just want to know why i hate myself so damn much.i am sick of being an outcast, all i have ever wanted is to fit in, to be normal. but every time i look in the mirror, no matter what i do, all i can see are my parents, and what they fucking made me. i need to force myself to remember ill always be alone, instead of getting my dumb fucking hopes up whenever i meet a new person. because they will abandon me sooner or later. my story tw sexual assault and self harm
is been a while since i posted and left the things halfways. i explained how i was forced to quit from a well paying work and have been unable to recover economically since. i have severe trust issues now and have become very bitter and cynical. last time i also told you about how i started wandering alone afterwork looking for troubles until i was finally assaulted and went so far as to goad my aggressor to pull the trigger on me. so i started therapy. i was still being somewhat supported by both my exs, one helped me find a place to stay and try to recover enough to find a job again and the other one lend me her shoulder and listened to me whenever she could, i was grateful for that. then the therapist made me realize a few things. first of all that i was right to be depressed, my story was harsh, and she was amazed i went for so many years without looking for help. i told her that i already do things to stave off depressions since i sculpt, write and do digital art as a hobby, but lately that was not enough, i felt and i still feel like i do not get joy from it anymore. she suggested we started with telling her about myself, about my relation with my family, with my friends, etc. so it turned out that i was not only depressed but had repressed over 20 years of anger, since i always acted as a mediator or a problem solver, i barely ever let out my anger be shown. i have adandomnent issues because of a very traumatic episode that ocurred when i was five and is something that keeps on dragging with both my ex's leaving me at some point, although both cases were amiable enough i got hurt and moved on or tried to move on. this feels like senseless ramble, sorry. so i quited my job on the call center. i move cities again and had to stop seeing my therapist because of money being short. i started working at a winestore and i kept bashing my head against the boss's. he was an idiot. i also understood that i have a very difficult time working with people face to face. i am not only assertive but also quick to lash out against costumers and the boss if i feel atacked somehow. i left the place after a year, they did not fire me because even though all the fights, i was a good worker, and one of the few that did not quit after 2 weeks of work because of it being too hard. i left on my own volition after a discussion about the contract, and since i was a petty jerk y waited enough to time my quitting with the holydays, so bossman would have to cover my absence himself. just after quitting, i got on a fight with a close friend, and my landlord decided to evict me just because. actually i know the reason but since the place was offered by a friend , i took it at something they would go backsies later on. trust issues, man. since i was getting evicted i stopped looking for a job, took my stuff and returned to my folks places, which does not make me happy. i was wanting to burn my savings on the therapy again but i felt bad about using money while not having a job, then covid came and jobs became more difficult to get. one of my ex's finally decided to push me into drawing lewds for commission. it was an old idea i never truly tried because i am not comfortable about it, is not something i like. but my regular art never got attention. with her help i created a super corny girly nonethreatening handler for deviant and off i went to draw shit for other people. she just asked me to never show her the stuff, and i could comply with that since i m not comfortable letting anyone else that i know see it, although close friends have been warned. i started to get some traffic, with it some commissions. i started saving money again, and thought of calling my therapist again to see how we could work into improving myself or my life, since i ve never stopped having suicidal thoughts. then my ex let me know that she was having a hard time being there for me, she made me feel as a liability and cut contact with me completely. and i had a meltdown, she had been my closest friend through the whole ordeal and now she leaves. so instead of calling my therapist to improve myself, i tell her i feel miserable, wronged, sad, and still want to die. i want the pain to stop, i am more scared of keep hurting than of died, a week before a roof almost fell over me and i did not even react. i am numb to that, but i do not like hurting i am tired of that. i am tired of this, so why should i drag this on? and now i also understand that i feel emotionally alone, and even if a stop feeling hurt, that will not change easily. tldr random rant and followup to last post. my world just got smaller follow up
warning this is an absolute mess because i was crying so hard the whole time i was typing this. just for some background, my dad beats me and is a prideful piece of shit, and my mom has the iq of hamster. my parents are not normal and super dysfunctional and are the sole reason i am like this. they were strict af and did not allow me to go outside at all. the first time i ever went out with my friends was when i was a senior in high school. they also did not allow me to join clubs or engage in any extracurricular activity. even though they were strict, they had no expectations for me, i cry myself to sleep every night thinking that i have wasted my childhood doing and accomplishing nothing, and also thinking that i wished my parents pushed me more to be better and try new things. because i never actually got to try anything in all my teen years, i do not know what i want to do, and i am studying a degree i do not really want. consequently, i am just going to waste even more time, thinking of what i want to do because i never got to try anything when i was younger. i almost 20 years old and i have no idea what i am doing with my life.whenever i got angry, my mother would poke and poke and poke, saying things like look at you being dramatic again , oh look she is mad how sad my mother does not speak english so it sounds a bit awkward when i translate this . my father does not even think i exist and when i say what is in my mind, or even show a little bit of discomfort on my face i will get hit. even if they do allow me to do something, they will not even bother driving me anywhere, or get me something i need for school, so basically, i am still not allowed to do anything. when there is a problem, they never solve the damn problem. they like to set aside and stack up the problems and let the problems stress them out even more in the future, and complain like a bunch of fucking idiots. imagine living with these nutcases, and experiencing this every single day.we used to live in a foreign country, and we were pretty well off when i was younger. my parents had all the opportunities to save money. fast forward to the present, my dad cannot find a job and my mom has never worked a day in her life. even right now, when literally all we eat is canned food, she refuses to find a job. you mean to tell me, that all those years, they did not save for retirement, college, and we do not even have a damn house. and they keep complaining about not having any money, when in actuality they have done absolutely zero saving to sustain the family. now, we cannot pay for college tuition and they tell me that do not have any money saved, and they expect me to support them after i graduate, if i even do anyway. most of my old high school friends live alone and even though my parents obviously do not fucking love me they refuse to let me move out even though i know in my gut it is going to benefit everyone if i did. note in my country, parents pay for college, and things like student loans do not exist where i am from. i would also like to get a job, but here where i am from, kids my age are absolutely not given a chance to work, and not getting a college degree is an absolutely positively big deal. i am so young and all i think about is money. i cannot depend on my parents, so i always think about what i should do next to save myself, and this so tiring. salary rates here are also extremely low. how could they even think to have me support them when it is their responsibility in the first place to sustain themselves. i have talked to my mother but she does not understand a single word i am saying. when i get a job, i am running away and i am not giving them shit. they do nothing but expect to get everything.i am so mentally unstable i think of suicide in my every waking moment ever since i was young. of course, nobody takes me seriously. i am so tired, i just want to end it all. i have no support, and the environment i grew up in and am currently in is very unhealthy. i think of killing myself everyday. i want to get revenge on my parents so bad. i am so angry at them for being so irresponsible and for treating me like a dog all my life. i want to live a happy life, i want to move out, i want to be loved, i need therapy. i am so sad and pitiful and exhausted. why is it that i cannot be happy. why cannot i be loved and respected. why cannot i have normal responsible parents who actually try to take care of their children. on the verge of committing suicide, need advice
warning this is an absolute mess because i was crying so hard the whole time i was typing this. just for some background, my dad beats me and is a prideful piece of shit, and my mom has the iq of hamster. my parents are not normal and super dysfunctional and are the sole reason i am like this. they were strict af and did not allow me to go outside at all. the first time i ever went out with my friends was when i was a senior in high school. they also did not allow me to join clubs or engage in any extracurricular activity. even though they were strict, they had no expectations for me, i cry myself to sleep every night thinking that i have wasted my childhood doing and accomplishing nothing, and also thinking that i wished my parents pushed me more to be better and try new things. because i never actually got to try anything in all my teen years, i do not know what i want to do, and i am studying a degree i do not really want. consequently, i am just going to waste even more time, thinking of what i want to do because i never got to try anything when i was younger. i almost 20 years old and i have no idea what i am doing with my life.whenever i got angry, my mother would poke and poke and poke, saying things like look at you being dramatic again , oh look she is mad how sad my mother does not speak english so it sounds a bit awkward when i translate this . my father does not even think i exist and when i say what is in my mind, or even show a little bit of discomfort on my face i will get hit. even if they do allow me to do something, they will not even bother driving me anywhere, or get me something i need for school, so basically, i am still not allowed to do anything. when there is a problem, they never solve the damn problem. they like to set aside and stack up the problems and let the problems stress them out even more in the future, and complain like a bunch of fucking idiots. imagine living with these nutcases, and experiencing this every single day.we used to live in a foreign country, and we were pretty well off when i was younger. my parents had all the opportunities to save money. fast forward to the present, my dad cannot find a job and my mom has never worked a day in her life. even right now, when literally all we eat is canned food, she refuses to find a job. you mean to tell me, that all those years, they did not save for retirement, college, and we do not even have a damn house. and they keep complaining about not having any money, when in actuality they have done absolutely zero saving to sustain the family. now, we cannot pay for college tuition and they tell me that do not have any money saved, and they expect me to support them after i graduate, if i even do anyway. most of my old high school friends live alone and even though my parents obviously do not fucking love me they refuse to let me move out even though i know in my gut it is going to benefit everyone if i did. note in my country, parents pay for college, and things like student loans do not exist where i am from. i would also like to get a job, but here where i am from, kids my age are absolutely not given a chance to work, and not getting a college degree is an absolutely positively big deal. i am so young and all i think about is money. i cannot depend on my parents, so i always think about what i should do next to save myself, and this so tiring. salary rates here are also extremely low. how could they even think to have me support them when it is their responsibility in the first place to sustain themselves. i have talked to my mother but she does not understand a single word i am saying. when i get a job, i am running away and i am not giving them shit. they do nothing but expect to get everything.i am so mentally unstable i think of suicide in my every waking moment ever since i was young. of course, nobody takes me seriously. i am so tired, i just want to end it all. i have no support, and the environment i grew up in and am currently in is very unhealthy. i think of killing myself everyday. i want to get revenge on my parents so bad. i am so angry at them for being so irresponsible and for treating me like a dog all my life. i want to live a happy life, i want to move out, i want to be loved, i need therapy. i am so sad and pitiful and exhausted. why is it that i cannot be happy. why cannot i be loved and respected. why cannot i have normal responsible parents who actually try to take care of their children. on the verge of committing suicide, need advice
no one will read this or care but i am so sick and tired of my life. people would always tell me when i was younger things will get bette you will not feel this way forever but that is a lie. i am very fortunate to not have to worry about anything since i live with my boyfriend and he takes care of everything for me. but i am still unhappy probably because he treats me very badly. we have been together for four years and i have been living with him for three after my parents kicked me out because i would not go to an inpatient program for an eating disorder i do not have. they kicked me out and then got pissed when i did not come back home, and tried to call the police on my boyfriend and his family, and to report me missing. none of this worked because i was not missing and i was not being held against my will. so i do not really have the support from my family and if i moved back in with them like they have begged they will take my phone and cut me off from anyone outside my immediate family.i used to have a lot of online friends but after one of my close friends ghosted me i got very suicidal and told them about it. their response was to contact my sister who then told my parents and my parents tried to get me involuntary committed into psych ward. they also called adult protective services on me to try and force me to come home. neither of those worked and i am on very tense terms with my family. so they are not an option to try and get any help or support or assistance from. another close friend who i confided in about my issues he would do the same to me sent me a message full of hate and telling me i deserved everything that happened to me because i stopped talking to him. i stopped talking to him because he would not respect my relationship and it made him really angry that i did not want to talk to him anymore. it was kind of good because it revealed that he was major nice guy incel.so since then i have not really tried to make any friends online or in real life since then. in high school i had bad experiences where i had friends and id want to hang out with them and make plans with them and stuff but as soon as their other friends asked to make plans with them, they would ditch me for their other friends. i guess they did not like me very much, but you have not tried being friends with people irl since then. the only people i talk to are my boyfriend, his best friend because he comes over all the time, and then my only remaining online friend.now about my boyfriend. at first when we first started dating everything was wonderful and it was nice. the problems started about 4 months in, but i wanted to make things work because i was infatuated with him. but anyways, after i moved in with him full time, he started abusing emotionally and sexually. he would call me shit and call me stupid, insult me to my face and then ask me why i was upset. he would say upsetting or mean things to me and if i confronted him about it he would immediately say it was a joke and to lighten up. he would have sex with me when id tell him no and he would pester me until i just let him because then he would leave me alone after he was done. he would have sex with me when i was asleep and whenever i sit by him he molests me until i stop him. when i tell him no to anything sexual he gets very pouty and give me the silent treatment when i ask him to please stop touching me because he touches me literally 24 7. he gets angry at me when i do not want to have sex because it does not feel good to me. its to the point where i wish i was not female anyone so he would not be constantly trying to feel me up and have sex with me. one time we had a pregnancy scare and he said if i was pregnant he would refuse to let me have an abortion and convince me to keep it. i hate children and have no desire to hace one. i told him if he forced me to keep a baby id kill myself and he got angry at me when i told him it seemed he cared more about this potential baby than about my life and my wants and wishes. good thing i did not turn out pregnant. this happened two years ago and its still happening now. i have no where to go and i am tired of him treating me like shit and justifying it because i do not have a job. i want to kill myself so i can be free from all of this. i want to kill myself so i am not just being used for sex. hes only nice to me when he wants to have sex and he feels bad that i do not want to do he buys me things afterwards. things do not get better.
i posted this to another sub and someone called me immature and a big fat loose for seeking validation on internet so my decision to die seems the right one. it is clear to me after 8 years that i am stuck in the same situation. i will never try to do anything, to find a job or relationship or a house to live alone. i will never become independent not because i cannot but because i do not want to. i want to stay with my mom forever, alone with my books in my room like a teen and go out only with her. i cannot take responsibilities, i cannot make decisions not because i am stupid but they make me feel so anxious and panicked and i do not know how to manage this. i still remember 8 years ago when i tried to rent a house to stay alone twice and i panicked too much and in the end i cancel it. i still remember how i felt 10 years ago when i attempted to live alone in another city for studies and how depressed and alone i was. the furnitures my parents bought are still haunted me whenever i see them in my grandma's house. and maybe i was 18 years old and i had to deal with a very difficult situation in my house but i am still unable to take action.my situation does not make me happy, i feel bored, i want to do something different and exciting but i cannot. i cannot even think to live as an adult, to have a romantic relationship or a stable job because i am afraid of all the conflicts that may occur. maybe these things have to offer me exciting things but i am aware that as more you expose yourself and take responsibilities you have also more problems to deal with. and i had enough problems in my life already.some may think that i am immature or spoiled or sheltered and the last two i believe that are true but i am not immature at all. this maybe is the problem that i do not get never excited because i overanalyze things and try to see all the different perspectives. people around me rent houses without second thought, say lies thst they have experience to take a job and generally grab chances without thinking it a lot. even if they do wrong they do not punish theirselves and they do not feel bad if in the process they treat unfairly some people. i cannot even sleep thinking all my past wrong decisions, i am not able to say a lie even for the most unimportant thing. i am unable to deal with anything or to put it correctly i cannot deal with my feelings. even when someone hear sent me a private message i get panicked, i do not know how to react and i think of that all the time. i can start a conversation when i am too desperate and i know that maybe i will not be alive long enough but sooner or later i start to fear that someone is going to harm me or discover or harass me etc. this is probably the main problem i am so afraid of everything and even if i fight it and try to make steps in the end i always go back to my parents security even if it is toxic. and i feel relieved and i can sleep at nights but i also feel so desperate and empty. it is not my fault that i feel this way. my father is a negative person and make me feel afraid of the works and people because he always showed me the worst case scenario. my mom tried to protect me and give me moments of entertainment and not let him spread his negativity but she is also a victim and a depressed person and life was not easy for her. our life in general was not never easy many bad incidents happened to our family, put of out control and these made my father even more convened for his worldview. i do not know what is wrong with me, is my traumas, my ocd, my social anxiety? do i have the peter pan syndrome and i want to stay child forever? am i autistic and that is why i find the world so terrified? is my county and how unorganized and corrupted everything is here that make me feel so desperate? i feel like my life has an expire date. i do not know if i commit soon or no but i know that when my mom dies this will be my end also. maybe i will end everything sooner because there is no point i feel so miserable and i just waste money. therapy and medication never were helpful on the contrary the made everything worse. i waste so much time in this crap and also in fortune telling seeking desperately an answer but now i realize that everything is b llshit. i hate myself that still believe in something higher either is the god or something else because this enabling my ocd and i still try to make decision with random ways not with my mind. i will never move forward
that is the question i have been asking myself, for months. i am underage less than 15 and i think i can asked myself that fricking question. i live with my mom and my two sisters, my dad live in another country with another family. but i do not care, that is not why i am asking myself that. one of my sisters 14 years old said when i wad 5 6 that i was a big baby, and that i just needed to suck up my problems and grow up, because that is what adults do. i was 5, why the fvck you want me to act like an adult ?! but i was little, and she was the sister i admired, so i did it. my other sister 17 years old was the one that i was not really talking to, because of our age difference. but we had the same interest book, anime, japan, culture... so we started talking more and more together. but i sincerelly regret it. she thinks that just because she is older than me, she can do what my mom do scolding me when i do something wrong and all that . and she think it, but way too much. example one of the day her best friend was home, i did some noise will drinking my chocolate milk and she smashed my head on the cup, and i started crying and bleeding. her friend told her that she was exagerating and to say sorry or help me but no, she think it was the right thing and she does not cared. example 2 i started fighting with her verbally and she pinned me against the sofa, hurting my shoulders and i pushed her in stomach so i cn go to my room. but there, my other sis 14 literally started beating me up, till i was on the floor, crying and screaming stop ! it hurts ! stop fucking beating me !!! and my sis 17 said stop ! do not get physical ! but she was the one pushing me on the sofa. when i called my mom, she said she did not want to know anything. example 3 yesterday 27 july 2021 i was playing fortnite with my cousin 10 and step sis 10 . i am used to curse but they know i was sarcastic. i said shut the f up to my step sis and syam 17 yo big sis name started yelling at me do not talk like that like i xas talking ti this bitch. then she said things like y you responding because that is how a conversation works and at the end she said to you think i am your friend and i was like well i do not pick people with such petsonnality as my friend but, since i wanted to finish that argument i just said uh... no ? and she smashed my head on the switch i was playing with. i screaming what is wrong with you ??? and pushed her in the stomch so that crazy would go away. in conclusion, i have a scratch on my face, that i will maybe keep 4ever. yesterday, because of that, i scarified myself. its been 13 days i did not do it. i do not care about the mark, but the fact she would want it on my face is what hurts. i tried to end my life multiple times, since i was 9. the first time was because a person in my family r ped me. since that i cannot feel pleasure in life, and even if i did forgive that person, she is still horrible with me. my sexuality is a problem. my mom said you are lucky i accept you . like if you do not think you will accept me, why you did a kid ? but some people get kicked out, so i guess i am lucky. my gender is a problem. i identify myself as a genderfluid person, but he him pronous are the one i love the most even if i use all pronous, even it . who am i is a problem. i need to smile. always. even if i am just eating. my mom said these exact words smile. i said smile ! ugh !!! why will not you smile ?? it is not like you are unhappy either ??? do you even have a reason to not be hapoy, to smile ??? well do i have a reason to smile and to be happy, while i am not doing anything except eating ? and last but not least, what i asked. i never asked to be born, to live with my mother, to go see friends, to go to someone is birthday, to live, to be feed, to have a house or go to school. i only asked a few things, and one of them is to go see a therapist. i asked it. i asked it three time. but even if she said yes, she did not do anything. and so, what am i supposed to do ???i am supposed to smile if i am not ? i am supposed to stay with my mom because she fighted for me for years, even if she do not care about my mental health or well being ? i am supposed to let my sisters hit me, just because they are a few years older ? i am supposed to do things, but how can i do them if i cannot even take care of myself ? what am i supposed to do ?
i should start by saying that i know i have a blessed life. my parents are still together and love me and my siblings unconditionally. i live in a developed country where there is no war. my parents paid for all my college and i was a great student. i got a job 1 month after graduation and never lost it.all of this just makes me feel shittier about the absolute mess that is the inside of my head.i worry about my mother dying on a daily basis. she is a workaholic with a terrible autoimmune disease. when i was younger my grandmother told me i needed to force my mother to go to the doctor otherwise she was not going to go and i was going to let her die. she is been going lately. and that is all the more worrying because i know that means she cannot handle it by herself anymore. despite working hard all her life, she also realised this year she will never be able to afford to move to a house with any of the things she is always wanted for us. she often cries saying that she wishes we did not live in this cramped apartment, even though me and my siblings are fine with it. my heart breaks for her and i cannot do anything about it. my grandmother had several strokes these last two years. she stayed with us until it was impossible for us to keep her here. she went to live with my uncle and was mistreated by them. she is now in a nursing home and cries every time i talk to her on the phone. she has lost most of her ability to speak but her brain is still ok so she gets incredibly frustrated at her body and her situation. i want her to keep living but at the same time i think about how i will off myself before i am ever in the same situation as her.i am in my late twenties and i have had anxiety and depression since i can remember. i never did well socially. i am an average looking person and i am intelligent and funny in that sarcastic way so i did have a few admirers mostly of the creepy kind and some superficial friends but i was also the forgettable person. in high school, the group of people i walked home with made plans in front of me without ever inviting me. they did not even pretend to be sorry about it. this is also my fault. i act nice and i am a people pleaser because i do not like confrontation as it makes life harder but i never really care about anyone. i do not miss people when i am not with them. i never get texts and i barely have any phone numbers on my phone. just my very close family. i have never kissed or dated anyone. at the same time, i am so incredibly lonely because i cannot connect with anyone that i often cry myself to sleep over it.at work, i am regarded as a high performer, despite the fact that i have recently slept entire mornings afternoons when i should have been working, now that i am wfh. i just lie through my teeth during the morning stand ups. my coping mechanism is just shutting down and sleeping so that is what i do. it sometimes gets to a point where i cannot tell what is reality or dream. i have a very stressful job. i am doing the work of 6 people since the team was reduced and then all the more senior people left. the previous knowledge the team had was also lost so i struggle to figure it out by myself. this job is totally unrelated to any of my majors 2, that i took just because i did not know what i wanted to do and it is a meaningless, ok paid, dead end job. i have looked for other things but there is nothing. i feel completely trapped in this job, my parents house where i cannot make any decisions but cannot move because i cannot afford to, and perpetually worried about my family. i look into the future and i just see the same or worse. and each day, i get more tired of this faade. last year, i almost opened the car door and threw myself in the middle of the highway. i have been thinking about this more and more frequently. i now think about this every day. i am just wondering what the point of continuing with this is. i live through all of this just so i can have maybe one day per month or less where i get to do what i want to do and to be happy. i cannot bear the thought that i will have to live another 40 years of this. i do not have the courage to off myself directly but throwing myself off a cliff, a bridge or in the middle of traffic sounds wonderful. i just want peace in my head. i feel trapped
tw se ual as ult, s lf harmim not sure how long this will be, but i just need to get some things off my mind for the time being. so hopefully this helps? my journey with depression started in 5th grade. i was practically bullied everyday, never physically but the words just stuck with me. 6th grade came around and my depression just slowly started getting worse. this is when my long journey of self harm started i will not go into detail but i got to the point that id do anything just to feel something other than sadness. this is when my friends slowly started to stop talking because they noticed the shift of energy. we were kids, we were not supposed to feel this way and nobody else wanted to be around someone that was like me. because of this i turned a majority of my time and focus to social media, i stated creating anonymous accounts just so i could have somewhere to express what i was feeling. i some how got sucked into a rabbit hole that lead me to kik. if any of you know, that app had been busted numerous times because of the child groomers that were on the app. this is when i had my first experience of being manipulated by an adult. again, i will not go into detail but this happened for months . skipping to 8th grade, i am still self harming at this point. a friend ended up seeing the marks, which caused me to just change methods. eventually, i did quit because i just knew it was time for me to give it up. from my freshman year to my sophomore year, my depression stayed steady. i was still experiencing suicidal thoughts, but i knew i was not at risk of going through with it. i wanted to die, but i just could not get myself to go through with it? i guess its a fear of not knowing what will happen after? my junior year of high school was the start of a downward spiral i would have never predicted to happen. i ended up losing my dad, we thankfully had a good relationship. i was 16 so it absolutely destroyed me when he passed, especially with how sudden it was. i ended up binge eating constantly because it was my way of trying to cope. in total i believe i lost about 4 relatives that year. a few months go by and i start talking to this guy, we end up hanging out and this is when i was sexually assaulted aka this is how i lost my virginity. the reason i feel so guilty is because i continued to talk to him after, and we met up twice after. i truly just wanted him to want me, the movies made it seem like losing your virginity was this magical thing. i just feel like people would say that i was not sexually assaulted because i continued to see him? but i swear i said no multiple times, i tried to push him off of me, i can vividly remember what his weight felt like i felt as if bricks had been stacked on my chest to the point i could barely breathe. to this day i can still remember what it felt like, it nearly sends me into a panic attack everytime.after this, i knew nothing would ever be normal again. i remember going home showering immediately and i just scrubbed at my skin for what felt like hours. you are probably wondering, why did not you report it?. i was scared, my mom thought i had been hanging with a friend not a guy 4 years older than me. in the moment i thought id be the one in trouble. this still haunts me to this day, i always wonder if there was more i could have done. i would try to think of any excuse for what happened. anyways, i had told 3 close friends about what had happened and my guy friend said , it sounds to me like something you just regret and that you are trying to make an excuse. which again, caused me to feel even worse. after this i just kind of used my body as a way to seek validation? i was constantly having sex in the attempt to make someone want to be with me. and that brings us to now, obviously there is tons of other things but this message is just getting too long. i picked up a few addictions along the way, but i am working on it. its been rough, and i wish i had the time to tell every detail but maybe one day. i have made it to 19, i have been thinking of starting therapy, and possibly getting a diagnosis. its been rough, and to this day everyday feels like a battle. but i refuse to give up, there is too many countries i want to visit. you do not have to read, i just need to rant
any personal identifying details are removed if you are reading this, then i am sorry. please forgive me, although i know that might take some time. this was purely my decision, and its not your fault, or anyone elses. there is not anything that you could have done. i feel so broken and so lost, maybe now i can finally, finally find peace. i owe you an explanation the longer my life goes on, the worse it gets. in regards to so many different problems in my life, all i hear is, it will get better. its not getting better. any of it. participating in life is tedious, draining, unfulfilling, and incredibly sad. though you are now probably experiencing bewilderment, anger, and grief because of what i have done, please know this i did not want to die. almost everyone and everything in my life was supportive of me. i wanted to try at life to attempt to grow old. the world was truly a beautiful place at times. this was especially true because of my wonderful family all of it , and because of removed friends in particular removed names . to these friends even though the time in our lives when we would see each other has long since passed, you were there when i was the happiest. you were rays of pure sunshine in an otherwise bleak world. to you, and all of the other extraordinary friends i have known along the way, thank you for being there for me. i was seriously lucky to know all of you. the thing is i feel emotionally unfit to keep wading against the currents of life. i am so sad almost all of the time, and i cannot do anything about it. believe me, i have tried and tried. you name it sobriety, exercise, mindfulness, meditation, self help material, multiple medications, multiple doctors, multiple therapists, and even a psychiatrist. to me, suicide has been an insidious and ever present mental, intellectual, emotional, and spiritual cancer ever since the first time i heard about it in childhood. i almost feel like this was inevitable. i have always felt like an outsider looking in on life never a participant, only an observer. i have thought about suicide at least once per hour excluding sleep for over a decade. after trying to simply just hold on for years, i guess the final straw broke the camels back. there were brief periods when i thought i might be able to overcome this feeling. when i was able to potentially envision a future, it was so liberating. these periods were always due to help from other people. i tried so hard to be my own source of light and strength, instead of looking to others, but that is just not how i am. i have always needed some help. to be blunt, i never thought i would make it to age removed . now, i am that age slightly older , and as time passes, the relative stability and occasional optimism of my past has completely eroded into an existence that has no fulfillment, only despair and pain. after years and years of desperately trying to find meaning and motivation, there is no future. i cannot envision it. its just nothing. i feel totally lost. this, in combination with the increasingly crushing burdens of being an alive human being, leaves me with only one option to quit. this feels like the only thing over which i have ever actually had control. to stop struggling against the currents of life and let them overtake me sounds like the most appealing thing imaginable. i am sorry to pass this pain onto you, but if you are reading this, then you are stronger than i ever was. i just could not take it any more. being the perpetual observer is so lonely. if you are lonely, then i am truly sorry for you. those moments when you have something that you would like to share, but there is no one there i know that pain well. i have felt fundamentally alone and lonely since i started retaining memories. the one thing that i always really wanted was to travel, but i never got to do that very much. the farthest i ever got was location removed . in the future, if you are ever at a particularly beautiful place, or in a wondrous moment, maybe think of me just briefly. if i am lucky, ill get to be right there beside you. if i am even luckier, ill soon get to surf the waves of spacetime.i am so sorry, and i love you yes, you so much. fuck it, here is a draft of my suicide note. see if you can relate hint you can
i am so tired of failing at everything.i am tired of being a disappointment to myself and others.it is been this way my whole fucking life...barely passed middle school, failed and dropped out of high school. got a ged and tried going to college only to drop out because of abysmal grades and horrible anxiety depression.went to therapy, psychiatrist the whole deal, it did not fix anything. got diagnosed with asd basically what most people call aspergers and got on some meds for awhile.meds helped a bit with the anxiety but they turned me into a zombie, effectively killing the last two neurons i had left.dropped the meds and decided to try my hand at college again...it was pathetic, performance was even worse than before and i washed out a second time.could not hold a steady job during this entire time either. i am so fucking stupid i fuck up even basic tasks. i have worked a string of minimum wage jobs here and there until now and i have sucked at every one of them.here i am about to turn 26 and i fucking hate what a pathetic looser i am. i am a autistic, friendless, borderline unemployed, virgin dumbass who struggles to perform basic everyday human activities my failures are not just academic and work related. i have never had any semblance of a social life either. never had friends growing up not a single one. i was always alone, it worried my parents, they tried to help but clearly it did not. i have never had a friend, never dated, had sex or even had a halfway decent conversation with anyone not related to me. every interaction i have ever had has been nothing but surface level politeness nothing more. not that i would have anything interesting to say to anyone anyway since i have no life experiences or interesting thoughts to share. i have basically been a hermit for as long as i can remember. everything feels so god damned difficult and it produces so much anxiety that i basically hide from everything and every failed attempt at anything that want or feel that i should do causes me to sink even deeper into this hole i have spent my whole life digging.i wish i was like my siblings. successful, smart, loved and respected. my parents would never say that they are disappointed in me, their love for me is unquestionable. i can however see it in their faces feel it everytime they ask how i am doing or what my plans are. that tone of voice that tries to sound reassuring but instead sounds like they are questioning themselves on what went wrong, why i am the way i am.i do not even know where i am going with this other than the fact that i just want jt to be over. i give up. i am tired of being a damn waste of oxygen. i cannot stand another day of struggling on a shitty job, only to come to an empty apartment and sleep until the next day because i do not have it in me to try anymore...i have tried, for 26 years i have given everything i got and it always failed. my absolute best efforts are often less than other peoples half assed rush jobs. i am tired of feeling like the dumbest person in every room i am in. i am tired of never being taken seriously. i am tired of being alone. i am tired of never having anything go how i want it to.some of you may read this and think its impossible to actually fail at everything and yet here i am. the only things i possess have been handed to me out of pity by my family, superiors or just the occasional kind stranger. i have not earned any of what i have. it is actually a bit comical how bad i am at just living. my existence has an almost slapstick quality to it, the problem is that while that shit may be funny on screen its actually fucking depressing in real life.so here i am typing this while i think about wether i should buy helium or a shotgun. helium would be peaceful and leave an intact corpse less traumatizing on my survivors . but a shotgun seems faster and easier to acquire 'merica! but my head will essentially look like someone threw a plate of chunky tomato sauced spaghetti at the wall... the thing that scares is i will probably botch my suicide too and survive this shit with irreversible damage that will make my existence even shittier...wich is why i am probably stalling myself by typing this shit on here...if only i could just die in my sleep... failure...
i do not feel like an actual person. normal people find fulfillment in things and i just do not. i have been taking medication and it does not work, i do not take medication and nothing seems different. i just feel like i am empty. i was sitting here today, wondering what i should be living for, and aside from making sure that no one feels guilty or sad about me leaving, i did not have an answer. i feel like i graduated from college for nothing. i feel like the job i found i got for no reason as i did not feel good about having it and now i am going to lose it because of failing at keeping my grades up. it is weird because i am more upset at the idea of others thinking i am a failure than having actually failed. i did not even want to do all of this in the first place, i just did it because it felt like i was supposed to. i feel like shit that i worked this hard just to do things i never wanted so the people in my life could feel like they did right by me. my whole life is just this big blur and it is a hard pill to swallow, knowing i never truly lived for myself even when i was younger. it is weird how the most important time of our development is spent doing things that do not even matter to us. well at least to me. i am starting to think i was never normal to begin with. i never did things because it is what i liked, i did them because it was socially acceptable. i did not feel accomplished when i got good grades because it meant i did well, i felt accomplished because someone thought i accomplished something. i continue to accumulate these pieces of paper telling me i did something correct only to stare at it and feel nothing. i mean that is what some of the better jobs think anyway so it makes sense. it is not enough. it means nothing. and then i think, maybe, i did not even have enough willpower to work anyway. i have just been tired from the beginning and waiting for it to all end like a black screen at the end of a movie. and then i will just get up and walk away. or maybe i will stay seated and it will be a black screen forever.i think ahead sometimes like, oh, well maybe i can find a nice guy, get married, have a kid, maybe travel and then i look at everyone around me and see that they have all done it so maybe that is why i want to do it. and then i get this feeling of already having done it because i have seen it done so many times all the way to its finish. i do not even know why i am typing here anymore. i do not even know why part of my brain wants me to keep going when i already know how some things might play out. i do not know why i would want to stick around to see everyone older than me die first. recently when i think about getting another job it scares me because it just means i am going to another place where everyone else matters except for me again. it will always be for the sake of someone else that i am working. that i am living. even eating is a chore that i really do not do because it is just so bothersome and annoying. but starving is also annoying because it hurts a lot. but thinking also hurts. i am not even 30 yet and this is how everything feels. it is horrible. it just hurts. i feel like i cannot talk to anyone because depression is this big epidemic that is spreading in every generation. i keep picturing how i am going to kill myself and then i get bored and stare into space. i keep picturing doing something more important with my life and then i get bored and stare into space. this is not a life to live but if i die i am afraid someone is going to miss me. people who feel things that are not sadness should be allowed to feel happy. i just feel so sad and when i am not feeling sad i feel nothing. it is getting kind of dangerous. i am really thinking it is about to happen. i am really about to kill myself. and i cry because i know it is true. i know i do not care anymore. i know they are going to hold some funeral for me where people are going to cry and be upset despite my life being really simple and kind of sad. there is nothing out here for someone like me. jobs feel wrong, friends feel wrong, sex feels wrong, family feels wrong, it all just feels wrong. i do not think i was supposed to be born.i guess i just wanted someone to know. this will not make sense, sorry
i am constantly being insulted by my family for being lazy and what not and i completely understand why.but i really do hate it so much. i say anything back and they think i am disrespecting. they think giving advice like you are a little brat and you will not succeed in life ever and you are going to work in a horrible job or be homeless is good advice.i really should not be complaining considering my life is just so much better than most people i have read in this sub reddit. it is just that i have felt like this for constantly and i feel like nobody wants to help.i am quite stupid and very stubborn. probably inherited it from my parents as they are both stubborn. they constantly say things like you do not love me and that i am going to die one day and it really fucking hurts when they say that.i wish i could talk to my parents about suicidal thoughts properly. they are very dismissive that i have any mental health problems so i do not think they will care. i do remember vaguely as a child my mother said i wish i never had you or something along the lines. i would not of remembered it if it did not happen.i do not want to really talk to them either as one has been previously suicidal and has anxiety. i do not want to worry them any further as they always complain about it. i do not know if i can call myself their son if i constantly act like a piece of shit.another thing i really hate is that i am forced to work. my parents say i am not forcing you to work but if i do not work, my brother and my family will threaten to take everything away from me usually my phone which is a huge detriment to me as i only really have friends online. during my summer holiday, which is now, instead of taking a break i am forced to work from 5pm till about 11 45pm.it does not help i do not sleep until times such as 7 10am as i want to have some time for myself without having to have a worry at the back of my head.i feel targeted, useless and a detriment to my family. i am called selfish and useless often and since i am the youngest, my problems are disregarded and called small.my childhood i was constantly compared to girls and other people and how much better they are than me and how they wished they had a girl instead. i hated it, i told them i hated it, they do not really care and say they are not comparing.it is amazing how i am being insulted at this very moment and currently being told to have my feelings suppressed and i am acting childish and i should just suck it up. it is amazing how much they do not care about me and they do not listen to a word i say. sometimes i wish i was not so lazy and just ended myself. enough of my sulking and running to my bedroom to cry, back to whining.i just wish i could seek help without being judged, without having that negative stigma, without hurting any feelings. i really cannot take this anymore.i often have suicidal thoughts but in the end of the day i am so useless i cannot force myself to get up, and just jump and snap my neck. not like i am going to do anything about it, i am just a whiny attention seekeri suppose what really hurts my mental health is that a lot of my friends rely on me to help with their mental health issues, i have been helping for like 2.5 years and i really cannot handle it anymore. it hurts to see my friends like this, and it hurts that i cannot do anything anymore. they have had therapy but it does not work, so many of them rely on me. but nobody has the patience to help me since i am very very stubborn.i wish i can change, but i give up so easily. working out? give up in about 2 weeks. drawing? see others do better and think people are better, there is no need for me .i am such a stupid problematic piece of shit it is comical. i envy a lot of people that succeed because i am an asshole quite frankly. seeing people achieve happiness and change, something i cannot do.i do not know if i can change at all. this mindset has been carved and refined through 16 years of my life.i suppose i am writing this for validation. to be accepted by random strangers online.there are much more to write about but, i am going to be shouted at if i do not return to work.sorry for the terrible formatting, my first day using this app. life sucks
there is too much to say and i want to keep this simple. i feel so weak and disconnected from reality. nothing has ever been ok with me, especially since my dad died five years ago, and then two years ago realizing i have been living a lie. even long before then, nothing has ever felt normal.i have never felt stable and i do not think i ever will. my social anxiety is so so bad. i feel constantly threatened by everyone when i am out in public i feel like i could be attacked any moment i am outside somewhere alone.i die inside from people seeing my disgusting outer she will of myself instead of how i have always wanted to be seen. i scream internally from the tragic fact that i have never had a close female friend or a childhood where i could have really grown to be my own womanly self, you know? i feel fucking robbed.i have never kept a job longer than four months in the past five years... because there always comes a point where my social anxiety goes through the roof every time. in one instance, i had a near psychotic episode during which i felt like reaching for a gun. it freaked me because it came out of nowhere. it is sad too because most of them have been part time jobs. i just feel pathetic because my body cannot handle any amount of manual labor anymore and my mind cannot handle people. i feel so weak and fucked. i hate the fact that we are all cursed to work and throw away the best years of our lives until we can finally retire with less than a couple decades to enjoy the rest of our weakened crippled existence. i do not like work and i do not like it period. i am almost at the point where i am considering crime or something. maybe i can go wreck something and scream at the top of my lungs and get myself sent to a psych ward maybe that could get me disability... probably not. maybe injure and permanently handicap myself. i am just desperate ok? i should have never been stripped of the disability i was getting up until i turned 18 i was diagnosed with mild autism so that is why i was getting it, but they removed my eligibility the moment i became a legal adult... even though they should not have because, if anything i am way more fucked up and disabled now . you want to know what i like? what my passion is? the only thing in the entire universe that sets my heart aflame? it is writing, but not just writing it is writing these sci fi fantasy stories i have been having in my head since childhood. i do not ever want to work as a writer because making it a standard job would kill my only passion forever and if that is gone then i am definitely gone.. so yeah, i have always wanted to make a series of graphic novels based on these childhood stories of mine. and i feel so stupid for not getting serious about it till a couple months ago. i am writing a thousand words a day just to practice and to hopefully improve as time goes on. i have been paying a wonderful artist bits of my dwindling money to make these beautiful concept arts of my main characters... this is what makes me still feel alive. to share my stories. i do not even care if i make that much money out of it. i can be poor the rest of my life and if one or two people like my story, my life is complete. but it is so hard to maintain my hope. i feel like i am treated like shit with every job i attempt. i currently looking at a sign spinner job lol which seems promising. it is crazy though... i do not ask for much just a few hours a day, like 3 or 4, preferably 3... i do not want to work longer than i typically write each day and yet the world seems to ask too much of my fucked up self.... my money is running out and i hope i find something tolerable. because i am getting closer and closer to just wanting a car to hit me or something. do i want to commit suicide? i do not know. i have a lot going for me with my writing... if i die, a universe dies with me. but i hate myself and how i am so broken, lost, and delirious that i cannot ever feel like a normal human... like it makes me want to hurt myself a lot. thank you so much if you have taken the time to listen to my venting. do not mind me, just a mentally ill trans girl who feels like she will never be able to keep a job and has little to no future...
i wish you could read this but i know you would not. because i cannot give it to you. i sit here tonight with tears in my eyes thinking about my life. i do not even know where to begin. my mental health is fucked up. if i see a genie, ill probably have just one wish to die. and rest. in peace. and maybe make it to heaven if it does exist. so i guess this is it. i just wanted to say for all the times i kept mute when you spoke to me, for all the times it seems i get mad at simple questions you asked that i should just give a straight answer but instead it seems like i am mad at you for asking. for all the times i make you think is he going to get mad at this before you ask me your loving motherly questions, i am sorry. i am truly sorry. i know it keeps happening even though i wish it does not. i wish i could talk to you like a loving son would talk to his loving mother. i wish i could answer your loving question which are questions you ask to ensure i get the best out of everything. i wish everything can be normal but it is not. i am not normal. my brain is fucked. depression has eaten the shit out of me. it feels like i have lost the ability to take any joy in life. the reason why it seems as though i am mad is because i am so fucked everything triggers me. you ask about my school there was once a time the word school triggers me. when you ask, i wish i could tell you but instead i fall into depression. you talk about my sisters, i have a panic attack. my uncle or sisters calls your number i have a panic attack. i wish i could just experience peace. i have been abused for all my childhood and most of my teens. i still suffer from these. i have vivid nightmares and flashbacks. you have seen me wake up crying a couple of times. sometimes when we share the bed, i kick you in the middle of my sleep. i am sorry for this too. its my nightmares. i am been tortured in my dreams. my abuse are fresh in my memories that my dreams are as though its happening again. i wish i could explain to you all and you would understand. i do not just chose to be in bed all day, moody, sad, and listen to sad song. i do not choose to be this way nor do i like the way i am. for all the times i was called lazy, i was not lazy. i was dieing a death that eats you up slowly. for all he questions you ask which have triggered me every single time. for the once you asked today that fell on deaf ears followed by a long silence or an odd answer, for all the ones you will ask tomorrow and the next, i wish i could answer them all. i am sorry you have to feel this way. trying your best not to hurt me, trying your best to see me happy. but all i do is let my depression eat me away like a vulture feeding on its carcass. i wish i could be genuinely happy but at this point, all i want to do is rest. i want to experience peace. the kind of peace i do not have to worry about any single thing. the kind of peace you do not have to worry about me. the kind of peace where i cease to exist. yeah i have big dreams, but it would not matter when i rest. i tried to kill myself unsuccessfully and i am afraid it might happen again this time successfully but why do i fear? this is what i have wanted when i spent years practicing with the knife, when i swallowed the pills and watch you watch me in pain as i puke my gut out, when i started learning to tie a noose, when i did lots of reasearch on the most painless way to go. though there are things you do that hurts. like you saying i did things i did not do or using my name to get money from family members. i have said it several times to you that i wish i was never born. i told you once out of frustration that you should kill me. that i did not ask to be born. i have never told you, but despite my life full of abuse, deep down you are my mom and i do love you just as a child loves its mother. sometimes i have this feeling inside that i just have a few more years before i finally end my life in college studying the course you all want me to study when i actually want something else. i guess that is it. i have nothing else to say than what you have heard me say before i wish i was not born. to my mom,
for four weeks i have had thoughts and dreams about how nobody understands what i am battling in my mind, everybody is angry and shouting at me for being so silent and useless and a burden. in these dreams i go to the bathroom, empty a bottle of pills on my hand and throw all of them down my throat. my knees get weak, i break down and then sleep. even though i am unconscious, i see how somebody discovers me and what i did and just stands there indifferentlylike she expected it but is not surprised so she does not care.i call a therapist because these thoughts get persistent in my day. i try to not overhope since therapy is no magic, i am aware of that. an hour later, he tells me he will not work with me and i should just take pills. no therapy is needed here since i am already unfixable. i leave him crushed, baffled and angry.i visit a friend the first time since the pandemic for three days. we planned this for three months now. the first two days go absolutely pleasantly. we talk and laugh, play cards exploding kittens and durak and drink a little, we watch movies disney's luca and netflix's ratched . third day, he changes. when i talk to him, he always just monotously answers okay. i try to tell him, i am just trying to smalltalk and that his indifference feels cold to me, and he responds that he does not have to be interested in everything i say. that hurt. i go quiet. i do not know what to do or say to him. as a kid i was bullied for being an odd one out in school and by my family. that is why i tend to go silent so to not annoy anyone and become invisible. then he gets angry at me for ignoring him. i get quieter and secretly cry in the bathroom. the visit ends. my mind is confused and broken.one week later i think whatever. , start to ignore my feelings and my hurts by taking ssri again. i still have a good batch of unused ones from when my maternal grandfather died and i developed a now partially overcome hypochondriasis which was fed by me actually having a for six months unrecognised infection of my cns. so since nobody wants to help me to learn how to deal with these emotions and my suicidal thoughts, i might aswell just take these fake blisses of happiness. it is the only option i have. fake smile, no cry, here we go.third pill in i get headaches throughout the day. my sleep is disrupted, i wake up several times in the night. even though in the morning i wake up rested i am awfully tired at day. i have to lay down for half an hour in the afternoon or i would crash hard. i am not even sleeping, just laying there with my eyes closed. throughout the day it sometimes feels like i am not even there. while reading i see my arms and it feels like they are some weird noodles that do not belong to my body. it is as someone is standing behind me holding the book. my head feels as if it is floating in a gelatine of air. sometimes it even is hard to read the words in the book. but why should i be concerned? it is better this way. i am tranquilized.fifth pill in, today. i realize how many friends i tried to talk to about my struggles and how every single one of them told me in the end that they cannot handle that part of me or straight up do not care. i am not even sure if there is any friend who would realize that i am gone if i would be offing myself right now. i think that they would realize that i am not responding to any chat messages after a while. but after that why would they care to investigate any further. it would seem like i left or ignoring them and they would forget about me.that is where i am right now. in my head i am walking through a ghost town. a town that never lived. a town that is made of gray and is shone upon by a misty moon. a town that has empty houses for those friends that will never come. a town that is filled with the graves of all the people who i pushed away, who distanced themselves, who i lost. here i am, a lifeless wind howling through my empty mind. i cannot scream because nobody would hear it. i cannot cry because of my fake happiness. the flame in my heart has burnt cold. i am nothing more than a hollow body, no life, no spark. i do not know where i am.
i remember being 13. constant morning wood. full erections. could masturbate whenever i wanted. over the next few years i noticed that my erections became weaker and that i could not ejaculate as easily. got my first girlfriend at 16 and i realized something was wrong as i could not get it up. could not ejaculate. nothing. we broke up a few weeks later. she told all her friends that i was gay. was not nice. other than a few wet dreams, i have not orgasmed since i was 15, nor have i had an erection.i am now 31, and over the last 16 years i have tried everything. endocrinologists, neurologists, urologists, cardiologists, everything. i have had every blood test and everything is normal . something went seriously wrong during my pubertal development. no one knows what. i have tried every pill, every cream, every urethral tablet, every penis injection, every pump, every ultrasound therapy, and every band. i have taken anabolic steroids, serms, sarms, and dopamine drugs. no change. the last resort was a penile implant which became infected and had to be taken out. the doctors are unwilling to try another one given the likelihood of infection. it does not matter anyway, as my penis was still numb. so now i am left with a shattered, fibrotic penis. i cannot even pee standing up because my pee hole was ruined.so here i am. a 31 year old who by some definitions is still a virgin. i had a second girlfriend at 25, and the only sex we had was oral for her benefit. that lasted 6 months then she left me. she said were not compatible, but the only arguments we had related to my inability to have sex, so i think it was that. i am pretty sure she was cheating on me. i did not really enjoy the relationship anyway, as i thought she was the most beautiful woman i had ever seen, and it was very frustrating to not be able to have sex with her. all i wanted to do was hold her down and fuck her silly every second of the day. i could not fall asleep next to her because i could not stop thinking about all the ways i wanted to fuck with her. it was a huge tease and i was honestly relieved when she left me.i am going to kill myself. i will not say how or when, because that will get this post removed. if you think its stupid to commit suicide over a penis that might as well not exist, try this. do not masturbate, have sex, or orgasm for 6 months. do not touch your penis at all. see how horny you get, and how every thought in your head is related to how much you just want to have sex. then realize that you will never be loved by a woman, and even if you were you would wish you was not because she would just further add to your unquenched libido. live every moment wanting something you cannot have, and hating yourself for being unable to have it. sex does not seem like much until you cannot have it, just like water does not seem like much until you cannot have it. i have never and will never be able to have sex with a woman and fall asleep with her in my arms. that thought alone is enough to make me kill myself. this is mental torture. i have tried everything to fix my penis, including some treatments not even officially indicated for erectile dysfunction and genital anaesthesia. i have given it my all to fix my life, and now there is nothing left to try. its hopeless. i hate my life. i have sacrificed everything i can in the vein hope of being able to have sex, and to have a normal relationship. or at the very least being able to have a fucking wank so i can relieve some tension.i am very proud of myself for sticking it out this long. i think anyone else in my position would end it before their 20s. but this has to end. i am truly unhappy. i was born 100 years too early. no doubt they will be able to diagnose and fix what was wrong with me in 2100, but by that time ill be dead anyway.if there is any silver lining here, its that an elevated libido makes men aggressive, and aggression makes the act of committing suicide easy. i am done. goodbye and good riddance to my shitty life. not going to bother with a suicide note. hope you all manage to fix your problems. i am unable to have sex. i am ending it here
i remember being 13. constant morning wood. full erections. could masturbate whenever i wanted. over the next few years i noticed that my erections became weaker and that i could not ejaculate as easily. got my first girlfriend at 16 and i realized something was wrong as i could not get it up. could not ejaculate. nothing. we broke up a few weeks later. she told all her friends that i was gay. was not nice. other than a few wet dreams, i have not orgasmed since i was 15, nor have i had an erection.i am now 31, and over the last 16 years i have tried everything. endocrinologists, neurologists, urologists, cardiologists, everything. i have had every blood test and everything is normal. something went seriously wrong during my pubertal development. no one knows what. i have tried every pill, every cream, every urethral tablet, every penis injection, every pump, every ultrasound therapy, and every band. i have taken anabolic steroids, serms, sarms, and dopamine drugs. no change. the last resort was a penile implant which became infected and had to be taken out. the doctors are unwilling to try another one given the likelihood of infection. it does not matter anyway, as my penis was still numb. so now i am left with a shattered, fibrotic penis. i cannot even pee standing up because my pee hole was ruined.so here i am. a 31 year old who by some definitions is still a virgin. i had a second girlfriend at 25, and the only sex we had was oral for her benefit. that lasted 6 months then she left me. she said were not compatible, but the only arguments we had related to my inability to have sex, so i think it was that. i am pretty sure she was cheating on me. i did not really enjoy the relationship anyway, as i thought she was the most beautiful woman i had ever seen, and it was very frustrating to not be able to have sex with her. all i wanted to do was hold her down and fuck her silly every second of the day. i could not fall asleep next to her because i could not stop thinking about all the ways i wanted to fuck with her. it was a huge tease and i was honestly relieved when she left me.i am going to kill myself. i will not say how or when, because that will get this post removed. if you think its stupid to commit suicide over a penis that might as well not exist, try this. do not masturbate, have sex, or orgasm for 6 months. do not touch your penis at all. see how horny you get, and how every thought in your head is related to how much you just want to have sex. then realize that you will never be loved by a woman, and even if you were you would wish you was not because she would just further add to your unquenched libido. live every moment wanting something you cannot have, and hating yourself for being unable to have it. sex does not seem like much until you cannot have it, just like water does not seem like much until you cannot have it. i have never and will never be able to have sex with a woman and fall asleep with her in my arms. that thought alone is enough to make me kill myself. this is mental torture. i have tried everything to fix my penis, including some treatments not even officially indicated for erectile dysfunction and genital anaesthesia. i have given it my all to fix my life, and now there is nothing left to try. its hopeless. i hate my life. i have sacrificed everything i can in the vein hope of being able to have sex, and to have a normal relationship. or at the very least being able to have a fucking wank so i can relieve some tension.i am very proud of myself for sticking it out this long. i think anyone else in my position would end it before their 20s. but this has to end. i am truly unhappy. i was born 100 years too early. no doubt they will be able to diagnose and fix what was wrong with me in 2100, but by that time ill be dead anyway.if there is any silver lining here, its that an elevated libido makes men aggressive, and aggression makes the act of committing suicide easy. i am done. goodbye and good riddance to my shitty life. not going to bother with a suicide note. hope you all manage to fix your problems. i am unable to have sex. i am ending it here
i am ashamed of my own existence. i am a nave 17 year old who does not know anything about anything and has been depressed ever since puberty hit. i think about killing myself daily.i have no close friends. i have never had a girlfriend and i doubt i ever will since i am ugly as shit and also very awkward. i got all the shitty genes, almost all of which came from my mom and i resent her a little for it and my dad for marrying her big forehead, big nose, moles, bushy eyebrows, lots of body hair, brown eyes, insomnia, frizzy hair, long legs and arms, kind of short height, and all of those are things i cannot change. my name sounds stupid. i fucking hate looking in the mirror and pretty much constantly avoid looking at my reflection even on the toilet water just before i take a piss . looking at my own face just pisses me off and i want to chop it off with an axe. i am constantly ridiculed because of my looks and personality. i have always been a terrible student. i have a low gpa and a shitty sat score. i hate sports. i have no extracurriculars. no decent college will accept me and i do not even care about college that much to begin with. i probably have a porn addiction and my diet is shit. but those are the only two things which bring me pleasure and i depend on them. i am incredibly bored all the time and almost nothing feels enjoyable. videogames bore me death. most movies are silly to me and i hate hollywood. i find most people boring and have to pretend like i care about most conversations. i have no interest in having pets. i am also extremely pathetic and afraid. i have never drank alcohol or done drugs. i do not know how to drive. i feel detached from all human beings and sometimes wish i was born as another species. a dragonfly does not need a goddam plane ticket. a beetle does not need friends and family or an education. a bobbit worm does not need a home with a fucking mortgage. i fucking hate existing and i cannot wait to die and finally be free. my parents do not take my interests seriously and i am constantly pressured to major in a stem related field which i find extremely boring since i have always found humanities much more interesting. they also think i am going through the teenage angst phase, and they may have a point. nonetheless i still have trouble finding meaning in things. i feel caged inside my body and hate being alive. i also hate that i feel this way since i am very privileged. i do not believe in abstractions such as good, evil, love, joy, or nations because they have no basis in reality. i feel like we just pretend like things are meaningful and every single thing we do is a distraction from imminent death. i am spiteful, and hate nearly everyone but am aware that i am the problem. i have rape and murder fantasies and i fucking hate myself for that. i feel fucking alone all the time. if i could describe my life in two words they would be confusion and solitude. i am not patriotic at all and i do not believe in countries. i cannot fathom how some people are willing to die for their countries. to them you are just another fucking statistic. i also do not care for any religion at all. everything is so trivial and absurd and ephemeral. i am just a tiny animal on a floating rock born in an overstimulated and depressed time. i do not even want to talk about the pandemic. language is extremely limiting and i cannot even express myself with words. i feel like everyone gets to a point where they realize that everything is a social construct.all things, including my own achievements, will accomplish nothing. an individual life cannot change a fucking thing.life is so arbitrary. it is just a matter of who you are born as. one's genes and habits, i suppose. being born is a terrible misfortune, and i hate that i live on a floating rock filled with pointless cruelty and pretentiousness and animals who assign false meaning and emotions to everything. i am just a dipshit kid who feels like a failure. i see no reason why i should not kill myself. constant suicidal ideation, the triviality of everything, and anger at being alive
warning this is long. i am basically describing all my problems. i am 23. i am supposed to have finished my first year at this really good law school. i have told everyone that i am. instead, i have actually been a graduate student with my masters in legal science at a less reputed college near me, while actually applying now. i have lied to everyone. i left my hometown to go to law school. i moved into an apartment with my high school college bestie. she works a lot as an engineer. moving in with her was a great idea, i do not regret it and i still love her. she is a good roommate, but honestly she just talks a lot about herself and her life, i feel like she never asks me. i am also very good at deflecting but i wish she would push a little harder to ask how i am. so i tend to avoid her and chill in my room a lot. i also need time to relax. i also smoke weed almost every day and lie about it. i have a vaping problem that is so hard to quit but i am trying. i lost my gramps earlier this year and its been difficult because he was my favorite man on this planet.i was diagnosed with adhd and generalized anxiety disorder, bordering depression. was also prescribed medication i never kept up with. i was going to my psychiatrist then she moved to a different clinic that did not take my insurance. its been like 6 months since and i still have not gone to another. here is the issue that i think triggered me to become the asshole. my cousin had this graduation extravaganza party. i did a lot, i worked a lot, i fucking cleaned up vomit and managed t o send 30 teenagers home after 1am and ubers were closed. i worked my ass off and just never felt appreciated through the whole moment. even worse i feel like i annoyed everyone. so, it triggered me real bad and i pushed away everyone. now i am stuck with no one i can talk to. i have some really good friends i just completely stopped talking to. by the time i realized id pushed everyone away and stopped talking, i could not figure out how to respond and they all still to this day have been trying to get me to talk to them. but a group of friends two of whom i stopped talking to and the rest people i was t close with and i had planned a trip months ago. the hotel reservation was under my name and i had a discount. if i did not go, they would not be able to stay there. so i went, felt like everyone hated me the whole trip. the last day was super bad and i cried many times secretly through the day in the bathrooms lmao. then, i got super wasted and cried for hours in front of 3 of them. no one cared to really talk to me because we had a 9 hour drive that day. so, right before that trip i was ready to apologize to all my friends. then the trip happened and i no longer really want to talk to anyone. i am not suicidal, i just do not want to live. the only reason i am still on this planet is my mom. i could never kill myself because i cannot fail her. but i imagine myself dying or getting cancer all the time. i do not want to do anything, i have lost passion is everything. i know i am for real depressed. i lie about everything because i do not want anyone to think negatively about me bc i already have severe body image issues and i cannot stand to let others thinks there is more wrong with me besides the fact that i am clinically obese. i push everything off. i am pretty sure i have a rotting tooth that could probably get infected and kill me at any time but i have not gone to the dentist because i do not have the energy and now i am scared and also i do not want to. i need to know if i am an asshole to my friends but also advice on how to get out of this rut. in the last 3 days, i have not been smoking, i have not been vaping. i go to coffee shops and work super hard on my applications also helps that i have some left over adhd meds. i finally started to feel some hope and light. my diet is good i no longer binge eat like i used to everyday. i also go the gym like 3 times a week. something feels different this time but i need any and all advice on how to forward with all my problems. loser and asshole and sad
i have been badly depressed my whole life. or at least gloomy. my parents were always nicer and favored my sister. they were usually more attentive and lenient to her. her life has gone pretty well while my life has genuinely has nothing going for it.i was not a good student, i got into a community college and had to drop out due to injury. i have always had bad legs, my knees always buckled and my feet do not point straight and it always made it hard to walk. since i was little. it is led to my falling a lot and having resulting injuries. 2 dislocations, a broken ankle and i broke my kneecap. the last injury was horrific, i had to drop out of college, walk in braces for over a year, 3 surgeries, wheelchairs and walkers. i am a burden on my family with all my health problems. i do not have insurance and have no money.i have always had weight problems. i suffer from obesity, always have been since i was 8. i know what and what not to eat, but nobody to push me to do it. i give in to bad food more often then i like to admit. i cannot make myself stick to diet. and i cannot exercise because of the disabilities, i also just do not have the drive. i cannot even stand for 10 minutes wihtout getting fatigued. i want to but i cannot push myself to do it. i feel myself getting bigger, i thought i could finally exercise when my family got a pool but i cannot get in. it is just above my hip and i cannot get in, i am scared to death of ladders, i cannot step over the side. i really want in but i cannot. i think my years of being obese are starting to catch up to me, i would guess i probably do not have much time left anyway.on top of the weight are a myriad of other health problems i have been stuck with. i am not body confident because every man in the family is taller then me. they are all tall and i am way shorter, i even have small hands and feet. i feel like i have a kid's body. they are all multi talented, while i just cannot physically do anything. i cannot play sports, i cannot sing, i cannot dance or anything. the only thing going for me is that i know really random trivia from years of watching quiz shows.i cannot work so i live with my mom. i literally stay in bed all day. sleeping, screwing around online and watching anime.i am also getting lonely, i have no friends, i talk to nobody. i have never hung out with a friend or texted a person. i also am still a virgin. i honestly do wish i could experience a relationship one time before i go. it is what i will regret most. but i knew it would not happen due to my looks in general, and my complete lack of social skills.i finally found a community that accepted me. r waifuism, i have a waifu, since i was a kid i had a crush on a female anime character, i knew a real relationship was not going to be a part of my life, so i embraced the waifuism. 6 months i have been posting on there and they banned me out of nowhere. that was a heavy blow, for months i have regularly been contributing to this page and it was the closest i had to real friends and i suddenly got banned.i cannot stick to anything. even simple things like writing fanfiction or making youtube videos. i have had stories i have posted a chapter to on hold for years. i regret doing that, i do not even have an excuse, i just quit. i have 0 drive to do anything. i do not even know what i would want to do if i could work. i have thought about becoming a va but i do not have the drive. it is my dream, since i have always liked cartoons. i know i will regret that and not finishing the fanfic's. but that is it. the closest thing for me is that i want to meet my idol, a woman who i have been a fan of for years and who voiced some of my favorite anime characters. she left an impact on my childhood, i would want to meet her and thank her for that.the only thing that is really stopping me is my grandmother. i love her to death and losing me would completely devastate her. she already lost 1 son, he died of cancer a few years back. a lifetime of loneliness and health problems, along with just having nothing to live for.
do i, a privileged, loved, white woman raised in upper middle class, who grew up with a stay at home mom, who always had food in the fridge and vacations now and again, who had supportive parents who did not split, who got straight a's, who considers herself of average attractiveness, and managed to provide an independent adult life for herself, have the right to crave my death?this, for the love of all things good in the world, is a humiliating, but honest question.basically, i feel like an outdated computer that keeps trying to load malware, but the virus keeps crashing the system. so i am either tiptoing around the infection, or trapped in a blue screen of idle discontent.do i even actually want to die? or do i crave death as an alternative to improvement? and if that is true, when exactly does my brain recognize plan a is not working? how will it know its time for plan b? why does it keep trying to load the malware? it did not work the first 9,036 times, why does it keep putting faith in the next time? or the next time? why does this thing in my skull long to self destruct so badly? and why will not it just fucking do it already? why does it fucking hate itself god dammit!?fuck. where did the virus come from?is it my fault?did my childhood imperfections pave the way for this emptiness? was my introverted, anti social nature that did this to me? did i learn too late in life what it meant to remove yourself from the center of your universe, resulting in an unrelenting and perpetual social anxiety? did my insatiable appetite fuck my brain up? did my perfectionism that sweet sweet desire to do great things, and that destructive and sociopathic hatred of mediocrity permanently damage my ability to feel content or patient? did i hurt someone, or say something, or watch something long ago that awoke a darkness in me?or is not my fault?was it the indoctrination of that fucking church that told me to pray and repent the scars on my wrist? was it my gas lighting mother who dramatized every god damnable phenomenon on this planet? who would preach love and tolerance, and also how unbiblical and repulsive the gays are, and how the blacks need to stop popping out babies for the welfare? was it my brother who treated me with what can only be described as an angry hatred for existing, for some god damned reason, for the first 16 years of my life? was it the friends i longed for? the friends i did not long for? did i think too highly of myself? or not highly enough? was i lazy? or did i exhaust myself? why do i feel guilty and ashamed of myself all the time?fuck i do not know. i am not sure i care to anymore.all i know is right now, in my weakest moments, defeated, alone, selfishly resentful of this infected brain, and blue screened, all i want is to turn it off. i want to be thrown against the wall and destroyed for being defective. because in real life, you do not get to reset yourself to factory settings. if the malware does not take, what the fuck do you do to remove the virus?if you are still here, please know i am so sorry. i am so fucking sorry for being here. if you are still reading, please know this sadness, this euphoric and liberating sadness, is my empathy for you, my precious brother or sister, as undeserving as i am to have it. i hurt with you all. and i am so thankful to you for allowing me to.i will finish with this.as long as i can remember i have hated myself. and i do not admit it to anyone because i do not have the right to. i do not have the right to my anxiety. or my anger. or my insecurities, fears, inadequacies, or sadness. not when i read your stories. your fucking beautiful and tragic stories. where do i get off taking up your precious space with my problems? problems so profusely unproportional to the feelings they convey.i want to launch plan b. but i do not want to give up on plan a. it is so infuriatingly conflicting. especially when plan a exists in a near constant blue screen realm of existence. but hey, maybe 9,037th time's the charm. do i have the right to my mental deficiencies?
here is the thing with gaining confidence, you have surrounded yourself with people who judge, take advantage, do not actually care, think of you as a joke, and you put up with it because you do not believe deserve better. for a long time i was like that and finally in my marriage it got pushed too far. she took the kids back to our home town and left me in the city by myself for 6 weeks. i told her not to, we fought about it lots until i finally said do whatever tf you want. after she returned was the first thing i told her i wanted a divorce. i will change, i will be different... the usual except she did not change, and a month later things were back to the way they were before, being a 2nd rate citizen to her family, constantly worried about her being happy first, and always me second. few months later i began asking for a divorce again, and again, and again until finally she threatened me with the kids you will never see them, i will make the divorce a shit show, i will move home with them basically using the thing i fear the most against me. after about a year of continuous deterioration, i started to become close friends with girl i knew, we had a connection but nothing inappropriate happened yet . after about a year was the first time i tried to kill myself, because i could not handle not having my kids and i was trapped. we got in a fight brought on me borrowing my brothers truck to help another friend move out of an abusive relationship long story, but tldr basically had his truck too long so he freaked, so i skipped meeting my wife for lunch, so she freaked because people only think about themselves . i was intercepted walking to the overpass and hospitalized for a week. took her 24 hours to visit. which is when i found understanding, no judgement, and acceptance in this friend and a relationship started in secret. few months pass, still asking for a divorce, she takes the kids again for 5 weeks and still nothing moving towards separating and i tell her about my affair. i am done. she explodes, how could you cheat on me, you will never see the kids, etc etc unless you never see the mistress again here is the asshole part is that she was an acquaintance of my wife, friends i am not sure, not like they were close but nonetheless it happened. she said we would have an amicable divorce, 50 50 custody, no bs. i agreed, broke it off, put the mistress through hell, gave it up not have my kids subjected to this. and then nothing happened, 2 months of sending mediation services to her until she finally says she is not going to cooperate. i reached back out to my girlfriend to mend things after barely to not at all talking the last 2 months and things get on the mend.forward to christmas, i leave early for work in order to see her, my ex wife packs the kids in the car at 530 in the morning to find my truck there and tells my 7 year old everything. how much of a pos i am, how i cannot be trusted. acts like she is finding out we are together for the first time and this part i will never get over, my sister and brother are at my house telling her to keep the kids away from me, get a lawyer, fk me up as much as possible my ex wife verified this in one of her fits so she keeps the kids from me over christmas, i came close enough to killing myself again that i spent all of christmas in the hospital. literally the worst experience of my life. that was 6 months ago, she is slandered me to everyone we know, have not talked to my family in months nor do i want to and i am completely alone. i have never felt loneliness like this. i have a knife now but do not have the balls to go through with it. i wish i had my guns. probably could have been over long ago. i am trying to convince myself my kids will be fine, maybe that is the hesitation. there is really nothing else holding me back, the 2 youngest will not even remember me, should not make any difference to them. it is my oldest. i do not want to hurt him but he would me better off with someone who was not such a mess. aita just did not want to be with her
i had anxiety since age 11 and ruined childhood because of that. i had derealization and crazy anxiety attacks where i cried. i had no idea what was happening and could not really tell my parents what was wrong. dad was an alcoholic but a happy type of drinker, mom worked very, very hard and got hooked on pills and occasional alcohol. we lived in a house with my grandparents that i loved very much. my mother made go to different school at 10 that i hated. it was further away, teachers sucked and schoolmates made it clear they do not like outsiders. i had a friend there that was most hated in my class therefore i was unpopular too. my dream was to leave that hell and study electronics. 5 years of torture left... but to be honest last two years were much better i got a pc and had something to talk about with others and also realized that so called friend was a liar and manipulated me. my mother did not want me to study electronics but chose another school instead. i was broken. i suffered from stomach issues and puked every morning. classmates and friends were great though. the anxiety went away and depression started... the derealization was mostly gone but the depression kicked in and i started to loose interest in my hobbies. what is happening? i do not know maybe i am just sad that i am fat. so i lost weight. no that was not it and no my mother said i look horrible because i am skinny. i was always something i her eyes... you do not go out, you play too much, you read too much, other kids speak 7 languages, they have good grades, they do sport.... depression destroyed my concetration and my ability to learn. at age 18 i had my first suicide thought. i was like what the hell are you even thinking about?i wanted to become a detective so i went to law school and lasted 3 months. my world crumbled. now what?? i was unemployed for months and parents hated me because i was a disgrace. i found a corporate job with help of my sisters husband. i lasted 3 days. back to school i guess... i had no interest in math so tech schools were out of the question. i applied for social work and finished it. somewhere in the middle i got an idea i will learn math and apply for it school and that is what i did. i worked hard whole summer. then first semester started and i almost went crazy. it was hard to concentrate and i felt like my whole reputation depended on this. i will show everyone i am not dumb and lazy just a depressed lost fuck. i got a bachelors degree and realized corporate world is hell. in my new job i lasted three weeks before i got fired. they saw my complete lack of interest. my father told me i am a dickhead and i am a lost because. i wanted to jump out of the 10th floor. i still had people to live for. dad died shortly after and my sister gave me a contact on her colleague that worked in it withing the police in my city. they were looking for it guys. i got the job i was really happy! i am still happy for the last 3.5 years. my sister tells me that without her i would accomplish nothing and she is the only reason i have that job. this kills my self esteem. they sister and her husband are succesful and have money and they make fun of me for being a looser with no girlfriend. i never had a girlfriend. my only girl friend is and escort that i visit every two weeks. she was one of the reason i never killed myself. we really like each other and are good friends. i started with medication two years ago and it was the best decision. i discovered i am bipolar just like my mother but i have less serious version of it. sport helped me and also a little discomfort. try to go out. if you hate places with lots of people and loud music that is great. do it. your brain needs to get used to these stimuli. if you hate your job there is a chance you hate your city too and maybe your whole social circle. just move to a smaller city and start over. that is my last resort if everything fails. just do not fucking kill yourself. you will get your enemies happy and they win. you will get your enemies happy and they win.
i guess this is my suicide note.so my name is yasir hanif. i use the alias daniel steel because i have been using it since 2015 and think it is cool. i am muslim. i am also homosexual. i am 17 years old i was born in 13 september 2003 and i have decided that death is only the last option for me.life has been pretty fucked up since 2021. i hear people say that 2020 was bad but i had no problem at all during that time and was relatively happy. 2021 was really bad. my life is destroyed. i have nothing left. we are middle class citizens in a 3rd world country and it is awful. i used to live in a foreign country and it was awesome there. its been 6 years now since i moved back. this year was so awful i do not have any reason to live anymore. first i lost a cousin. after that i lost my aunt to covid. one month later i lost my grandma. she died 2 weeks ago.i am a 12th grade student. i wanted to be a gamedev. my father hates my life. i did not tell him that i want to be a gamedev. i just told him i wanted to go in the computer field. he forced me into biology in 9th grade. then he forced me into pre engineering in 11th. i was begging him that i want to study computer but he is not happy about it. he hates my decisions. i hate myself. my father is very controlling. i am honestly glad he works in a foreign country. but he is coming back and he will fuck me up. i do not love my self either. i am 17 and i am only 5'1. i am overweight as well. i am pretty good in school and get very good grades. but my father just fucks me up every time.everyone in my family thinks i am a loser. they tell me i am worthless because i do not play sports or have any friends. they never understand me and often criticize me. they are right in thinking i am disgusting.its taboo to be homo here. when i was 14 i figured i was homo. i was stupid. this kid kept hitting on me. one day before school started he told me to follow him. he took me to the bathrooms and raped me. then he told me that he would tell everyone if i said anything. he told half the class. i was harassed every day in school. after 10th grade his friend threatened me and took me to his house. he would do this every week. i was forced to have sex with him a lot. i never told this to my parents. nobody knows i am homo. i endured that man for 2 years. he left my town a couple of months ago. i cried in the bathroom after that.high school was great. i loved 11th grade and i was so happy. then covid came. still, i was fine. then this bullshit happened. i have my final exams in 5 days. and i am going to fail.i have never failed in final exams in my entire life. but this year i will. classes never happened. in the last three months i started to go to a tutor. it was a lockdown here but nobody ever bothers to follow guidelines. but it was not enough. i do not know anything this year. i am not going to get good grades. my father will disown me and throw me out of the house. he will not pay for my college. he is been mentally abusing me so much. he kept telling me that he would not pay for college if i did not get a scholarship. and hes a man of his word. he will not do it.so i have decided on a plan.i know my paper is not going to be great. if by gods miracle it is, then i will stay. if not, then i will jump off the roof of my house. i have recorded a suicide note on my phone. maybe my parents will see it.i know nothings going to get better. my entire life i longed to have a friend. just becuase i am introverted does not mean i do not want friends. but no one will be my friend. i am just scum and i always will be. my little baby sister is the reason i eat and sleep and live. but i do not want her to have a useless brother. she will have to live with a complete mess that is me. people will mock her for it. i will not let that happen.so i am going to kill myself. if you read this then thank you. do not stop me. i just hope to god that none of my family members ever find this post. i do not want them to be even more disgusted than they already are.bye. my plans
hi. thanks for reading this. i am 21f. i just failed my first year of college because i missed too many assignments. it was the result of a mixture of things including learning being entirely online and my lack of motivation. i had a meeting with an advisor who asked me flat out, is this the right life path for you right now? to which i replied, i do not know but i do not have a choice either way. to explain, before i came to university halls i lived with my parents in a one bedroom apartment. i slept in their living room for a year after i had to drop out of college the first time. this is my second stab at it. i know they say third time's the charm but this is getting ridiculous now. i dropped out the first time for mental health issues. i have failed this year for the same reason. i knew i probably was not ready for university yet, but all i could think about was getting out of my parents' house. it was the easiest route to take in order for that to happen. my mother's a hoarder, and both of my parents are emotionally unavailable and have a history of being abusive.living alone, i fair much, much better mentally but still not at a functioning level. if i am dysfunctional living alone, then living with my parents i am actively suicidal. i have attempted before under their roof. i could not even tell them about it. i called the ambulance myself and left in it without them even waking up. i have had friends' parents pick me up off of overpasses and asking me why are not your parents out looking for you? the thing is the dream of getting away from abuse is not all rosy. once you are away from it, you need to know how to function and i cannot do that. i do not think i am good enough at anything to do a degree in anything. i have tried three different fields. i hate myself to my absolute core. i hate my apathy regarding my life and everything around me. i hate my laziness and my seemingly inability to just be a responsible adult. i feel like a child. i do not feel like i ever had the opportunity to be a kid in my abusive household and now i have to fend for myself like i have been doing my whole life. i am tired. i just want it to stop. my situation rn is dire. my bank balance is in the negatives and by the end of the month i will have nowhere to live. i have applied for jobs and am hoping to hear back. financial benefits even if i did qualify for them will not even cover the rent in the area where i live. i do not know what to do. it is looking likely i will have to move back home temporarily for two months and know full well i will be actively suicidal for that time and then try to repeat the year.my advisor is worried this is not the right life path for me, but i do not have the money to live alone right now outside of studying. i am relying heavily on my student loan which will be paid in september to get me by. i am an idiot so do not have savings. i have been disassociated for days and just feel trapped. i wish i was just good enough to do this degree and be responsible. i wish i could take care of myself. i am a bad person and i have hurt so many people so i do not even have any friends right now besides my best friend. i deserve to die. i have nothing to live for. there is not hope. i wish i could just have help and i guess for most people that comes from their parents but i just cannot. i do not have that. i am 21 and need to fend for myself and i cannot even do that properly.i do not know what i enjoy or what i am good at which makes making any decision impossible. it is why school was great for me. i got told what to do. ever since i left, i have had absolutely no clue what to do with my life. i know it sounds stupid but it is so scary being an adult and i do not know how to do it. i turned 21 just this month and i do not feel any older than 17. i am not sure how to move forward. i do not expect anyone to know either. i guess i am just looking for support. i do not know how i can go on.thanks for reading. 21f college student at a loss of how to move forward
hey you all. i read through this subreddit all the time looking for motivation? or hope? or i am not sure, but i cannot keep waking up everyday feeling like this. not for 5 more hours and surely not for 50 more years. i currently work two jobs, one full time one part time i average 60 72 hours a week. i am 21 and burnt the fuck out. so this is where the cycle begins, let me take you through my thought process. i work two jobs so i can be closer to financial stability yea? so i can have the funds to save money and afford my basic living needs as well as recreational wants usually weed and concerts. not too many clothes or fast food etc. i just do not feel like this is a way to live.i am tired, my mental health is collapsing. i have no hobbies, because i do not stick with anything i start. usually that is because i realize hey, there is no way to make money doing x . which means leaving a job to pursue a passion might be me shooting myself in the foot when hours drop at my main job they usually drop for everyone in q1, but that is 3 months that i would only be averaging 24 30 hours instead of 40 and that is a lot of money to someone living paycheck to paycheck . why am i so worried about money? because we live in a world where if you do not know what 60,000 piece of paper you want to go for at the age of 18 then you are already at a disadvantage. i am trying to find a healthy balance of realism and optimism, but whenever i go to older people for advice they just say you are young. this is the world, your eyes will open to more and you might not like what you see .when i was 19 i worked 72 hours a week 5 days a week, and the other 2 days i was enrolled in community college for 18 credit hours. i had no days off. my days off i had school work. that only lasted a few months before my grades collapsed and i ended up in the hospital for a suicide attempt. i feel like i am stuck in a cycle of wanting to feel good about myself, actually starting to feel good, then life happens and i am worried about money. in the past 7 months i have switched medications and psychiatrists twice, been diagnosed with an std, gotten fired because a job did not realize they hired me at 20 instead of 21, had my motorcycle stolen, lost my ac in my car, my apartment flooded last week and i had to have fans in my apartment for a full week which was annoying as i work 16 hour days, and at the end of a long day i would barely be able to sleep in my loud freezing cold apartment. i try not to downplay my truth, even if it is not as painful or awful as others because this is the life i have to live. i cannot compare my suffering to others to make myself feel better. and i know i do not have to live on my own, going home would save money but at this point my mental health is so shit that i feel like my independence is all i have. take away my apartment and my car, i have nothing to work for. nothing to live for. yes i have loving friends and family but what is the point in being alive if it is for everyone and everything but me. what is wrong with me? at this point i am not even sure if it is an actual chemical imbalance, or if i am just waking up to the fact that this is real life, most humans cannot move up the ladder, and if i cannot control my reaction properly i will not enjoy my next 50 years on this planet. i am so tired of feeling like my shitty mental health is so profitable, that i am not meant to feel good in this life. my boyfriend and bestfriend are so worried because they do not think they can provide the help i need. i have been to psychiatric wards and our mental healthcare in america is a fucking joke. i wish crying in my car was an olympic sport because i breakdown every other fucking week. i just cannot keep feeling like this. with all these overwhelming thoughts of the future, and not being able to forgive myself for the past.not for 5 more hours. and surely not for 50 more years. stuck in a neverending loop of feeling inadequate because that is how i am we are meant to feel 21f
a ramble, sorry. i have no friends, no family, no life, no job, no hobbies, no money, and most importantly as of right now, no health insurance to get better to possibly get help to fix myself to have these things. if i cannot get therapy or medication or psychiatric help then nothing matters. everyone throws around get therapy when someone is struggling but not everyone fucking can, so stop telling people that, its infuriating. a huge debt and hospital bill will probably make me want to die more so? i am paranoid all the time, i cannot stop analyzing every single thing to death. i do not think right anymore. thought negatively for so long i believe it. i do not think people can change, i try and try and i keep going back to how i was. it has to be untrue that you can get better because i have done so much and i am not. i am miserable, i am sad all the time. i do not care about life. do not care about even finding something enjoyable to do because i just do not care. i do not care about any of the things everyone else cares about family, career, hobby blah blah blah i do not believe in purpose or meaning because we are just a bag of cells, some hyper intelligent apes that just run around a world that tells you how to live and defines you based on looks, money, success. i am extremely self conscious and insecure, i have tried every single thing to fix this and actually for once like myself but you cannot do that if you actually do not like yourself, can you force yourself to like someone else? no. so why should i force myself to like myself when i literally cannot because i am hideous and disgusting and getting older. we used to not live until we were 30 before modern medicine and such, but now we are prolonged to live until we are seen as worthless. ageism is a thing. i have suffered with anorexia for 8 years, i was abused and neglected as a child and then abused again at 19. i am 22. i miss being young as well, i hate that i am 22 and i do not want to age anymore i rather die young than die old pissing myself in my diaper and being alone. i never leave my house, i hate people so very much. they seem selfish, dangerous, and i cannot relate to their minds because they operate correctly and mine is going a million miles a second. i think deeply about thinking deeply. i am scared and anxious so much from everything and trauma its physically effecting me. i am fatigued and sleep and act like i am sick. maybe i am sick but cannot afford any medical care!!! i hate my body, face, hair, and skin. i hate my personality, my voice, my thoughts and thinking patterns. my family is gone or have been the reason of how fucked up i am. my friends hate me and moved on years ago. i only have a so and they are why i am here today. but, my insecurities and jealously is ruining that too. i am not good enough in so many ways, i am so miserable its showing up everywhere and again there is no help for me. i cannot even afford sliding scale help or any of the fucking rest. my sleep is not even restful as nightmares haunt me daily and make me wake up so so so sad. god, i wake up sad every day. my body hurts, my heart is broken. i just do not want to live here anymore but i really do not want to hurt my so, but i have been so strong for so fucking long just for my so, but i cannot take it anymore i cannot do this anymore and i cannot breathe because of how much i hurt. nothing can help at this point i am seriously too far gone. i cannot function at all, i cannot socialize. i do not want to live poor anymore because i am too anxious for work, i do not want to live. i do not want to die either i really fucking am scared and terrified of death but the pain i feel the aching dull feeling of despair in my stomach is just too fuckingr much right now. i am safe right now but i am writing this out because i lurked this sub for so long and i wanted to write 10 of what is going on and figure out what to fucking do from here. i do not think i can keep going for another year. nothing can be said
hey. if you are reading this, i am probably dead. or not. no use in putting this off further. i am forrest. or wes for short, if that is what you would prefer. i have been struggling with suicidal thoughts since i was about 8. or i suppose even less than that. and there is just something about being passively suicidal that is been helping me realize things throughout my short lived journey. everyday i find things and reasons on why i should end it right here and there. despite how i do not see the world in rose tinted glasses, i consider myself idealistic, even. i would refuse to let my anxiety get the better of myself. i wake up early in the morning, try to do everything i am supposed to do. actively try to enjoy everything that i am supposed to. friends, family, school, hobbies... and you know what? it worked. but there comes a time that everything just falls apart because somehow, that shitty feeling just crawls its way back to you and finds you again, further terrorizing your life. to be fair, it is always been there. on that span of years i did make plans but most of them ended up with me crying on the floor and calling myself a coward for not going through it. everything i thought i lived for was no longer what i lived for. i existed for it. if i did not do constantly fine, there is something wrong with me. i know that this is not the case at all. but every fiber on my being just says otherwise. and i hate it. i hate how i cannot control it. but do i actually hate it? i do not even know anymore. i have became too numb because apparently trying to live takes everything out of you and drains you. now i only try to exist. wash my face in the mornings and do well, get straight a's. because that is all i know. that is all i know to do. i do not know what else i can do. i guess i do, but i do not have any means to do it. i do not want to admit it but i am scared. i am scared to do anything different. though we do not always get what we want. look at me now, an empty subhuman husk. everything in my life is slowly plummeting. things i thought i lived for was just me trying to act like i am human. that everything's fine because i am scared of not being fine. i know that everyone has their bad days and all that but fuck i cannot control what i am scared of. and i hate it. each passing day i come with the awareness that there is something perpetually wrong with me and that i probably need help. but i cannot get help, due to personal situations, even if i wanted to. of course, i am young. i have so many years ahead of me. so much time for change. again, it does not feel like it. and i hate it. i hate feeling. i have become so overwhelmed by it that everything in me just shuts down until my body brings it up again and now i am a depressive mess. i am constantly stuck in this paradox of knowing that everything's going to be fine and hating otherwise. because that implies that i am not alright. i am a mess. but i do not want to be a mess. i cannot accept being a mess. for years i tried to desperately to escape it and try to get all the support i am supposed to get. family, friends, school, hobbies... even that failed too. maybe i am not just doing anything right. i just want to pretend that i am. because my silly brain's been conditioned to think that its just the world that is wrong and not me. deep down, i know that there is something wrong with me. and the feeling part of myself that i do not like agrees. hell maybe it is neither or both. who knows. i can try thinking about it but i would end up with a non definitive answer. again, my name is forrest. and i am 13. i am a good student. i have no social life and my social skills are stunted. and what you are reading is one of the suicidal notes i made. i have been orchestrating my suicide note since i was 8. i do not want your sympathy because it is probably too late for that. even then if i were alive, i would not want it. i want you to understand. my vague suicide note that i wrote on a depressive episode
sorry this is long but i have to get it out.i have a dissociation disorder and i struggle with attachment abandonment issues. a couple years ago i ended up in the youth psych ward. i got discharged and sent to this place called woods homes. it was a residential program for youth who have pretty bad mental health issues. long story short, i got really attached to a couple of the staff there and sometimes they would leave without saying goodbye. that would always break me but i kept going because my favourite staff j was still there. when it came time for me to be discharged j informed me that she was also leaving. that broke my heart in a million pieces. me and her did have a decent goodbye but it still hurt just as bad. anywayslast weekend was really rough. my mind was spiralling. i was in such an intense physical, emotional, mental pain. i just wanted it to stop.my mind was just going over things that happened at woods good and bad over and over and over. my memories are what hurt me. the good ones hurt the most because it makes me realize i am never going to have that again. i am never going to find another j. never going to see them again.with all this on my mind i wanted to end it. there was not a point to living without them in my life anymore. so i made a plan. i have attempted before but i have never made a plan. at least not a serious, detailed plan. basically it was death by cop. i have a bb gun that looks exactly like a real gun with no orange tip. my plan was to go to read my confidential files from woods, go to woods, make a scene, have the cops come, id say what i wanted to then id point the gun and walk towards them. bang.that never happened unfortunately. i ended up breaking down and dissociating. i was on autopilot and i ended up picking up my belt and tightening it around my neck. even if i wanted to, i could not stop it. i was seeing spots and my vision was fading. then i heard my cat outside my room. his meow pulled me out of my dissociation enough for me to undo the belt. it stayed around my neck for about 45 mins while i laid back and just sobbed. all of that did not change my mind though. i still wanted to bad to die. but i was too exhausted to do anything about it. after all that i smoked a huge dab and went for a walk still dissociated. i was hearing shit all around me, people walking, loud bangs and people yelling. i was seeing little shadow animals running across the road. but it was 4am and i live in a small town where the streets are absolutely dead at night. just paranoia i guess. i ended up sitting on the sidewalk and dissociated then fell asleep. i got home around 6 15am. it was really a nightmare i was trapped in. the next day i was very physically sick. just from the exhaustion and all the emotions i was feeling. could not do anything. i reached out to someone i work with at a life skills program and she graciously changed my appointment to monday. i went and saw her and gave her all my writing. after reading it she recommended i go to the hospital. i went to er and waited for a day and a half before i got transferred to a short stay crisis stabilization unit. that is where i am currently. its not helpful. i have been doing the work. i have been making an effort. but the staff do not seem to think that my problem is as big as i say it is. everytime i have gone to the hospital and tell them what is going on the staff always look at me like really? that is it? okay then its very frustrating. and usually leads to me making a scene on purpose so that they take me seriously. but then that leads to getting restrained and being put in high observation and getting tackled and getting a needle in your ass so you sleep for two days i have been through all this before and it was just as useless then. the problem is.. when i go home i know i am going to go right back into that state and want to carry out my plan. i feel so lost and hopeless. not sure what to do anymore.anyways. thanks for reading. dissociated and tried to end it
i do not know. i think i want help maybe that is why i came here, sorry if this is not the right way to do this or anything but i feel empty inside. i feel numb. i feel like i am going to die at all times, a couple days ago i locked myself in the car, in the heat, and i hoped to god that i would stay there and die. my mom did not care. she knew i was in there. she left me there for a good two hours. i wanted to die but for some reason i texted my father and begged him to help me so i am alive now but i am still getting headaches and dizziness from the heat and my mom thinks i am weakmy mom did not care, she never did. i have been struggling with suicidal thoughts for a good five years now, and i have been looking for a good therapist, or someone to help me and i have been here for so long it is tiring. i am 18 now but i cannot find the energy or will to get up. i keep hoping i will die instead, or that i will kill myself so that i do not have to feel anything anymore. it is empty inside, it does not feel like anything, i feel weak and numb.i have been trying to get better. i think there is a part of me that is terrified of dying, there is a part of me that really really wants to get better. and that part of me is probably why i am still here there is my sister, who is... she is probably the reason i am still alive. she is 14, she is kind and sweet to everyone around her, and she is struggling at home, and i think the reason i have not gone and done it yet is because the last thing i want for her to do is see my dead body on the ground. she is going through so much, and i want to be there for her until the end. butbut i do not know, it hurts. it hurts, i do not want to live anymore. everyday i find myself laying out the plans for me to end my life, every day i fantasize about it, everyday i wish my mom would get to see my dead body but i know that she would never care.i feel so alone. i have lost all of my friends over the last year because my depression got so bad that i refused to talk to anyone for months. and now i am pretty sure they all hate me. i am pretty sure that i am annoying, too, tiring, exhausting. i am nothing to anyone else, and no one will ever care. it does not matter how much i am hurting, no one's ever going to love me the way that i want them to. it is selfish. but i overwork myself, i push myself, i try so hard to be there for people when they can and yet when i cannot find the energy in myself because i have burnt it to the ground, everyone hates me for it. i have been yelled at for not responding to people's messages. i have lost friends for it. i do not know. i am a high maintenance person and i do not deserve to live, i do not deserve to have friends. i am scared. i am in pain. every single second of my life hurts.i am asking for a lot, i know, because i am mentally unstable, i am too much work, but is it wrong of me to want someone who would go that far for me too? is it wrong of me to want to have someone who would try to be there for me? i want to die. i have told my mom this and she tells me i am guilt tripping her. that she would feel horrible if i died. that she cannot deal with me anymore. she is made threats saying i will call the hospital. do you want that? do you want me to pay hundreds and thousands of dollars for you? she thinks i should get better. she thinks i should move out. she thinks that getting a therapist or a doctor is a waste of time and money. she would rather make a money making pig out of me than care for me. i want to get better. but i also do not know. i am tired. i do not have anyone else to turn to. i am scared if i get a therapist, mom will make me crash all over again. i want to kill myself. i have wanted to kill myself every single day for the last five years, i do not know how i am alive right now. maybe if i end myself, it will feel better, but i am selfish. i am selfish and i do not want to be forgotten. will anyone ever know if i died tonight? is it wrong to just want to be loved?
i doubt i will do it. but i have thought about it for a long time. someone i cared about took their life almost two years ago, and it put me in a difficult position. i ended up returning home. i think if i had stayed away, i probably would have been dead by now. i believe it honestly would have been easier.i hate myself. i feel like i have been lost and simply existing for the past two years. feeling sorry for myself. people have offered help in ways that did not actually help me, other than providing me a place to live. which i am lucky for. but i honestly wish i had taken my chances and found a cheap apartment after my roommate passed, instead of returning home. i hate home. my family is passive aggressive and full of drama. i wish i had attempted to cope on my own. maybe i would be better off right now.my car eventually broke down. turns out the make and model was riddled with transmission issues, that i would have known of if i had done more research. instead of being a desperate dumbass and wanting a mode of transportation despite my bad credit.then covid hit. i was and still am living with family who are more at risk if they ever were to get infected. i never would be able to forgive myself if i got them sick. i feel like i should have just stayed away from family and just eventually killed myself. saved them the pain of becoming reacquainted with me.i have fallen behind on my car payments. i have talked to them and have been trying to find employment, but it is been more difficult than i thought it would be. at this point, with the amount of times they call me each day, i think it is obvious that even if i had taken the right steps and gotten ahold of them before i was unable to pay them back, they would be hounding me just as bad as they are now.i dream about dying. i fantasize about talking to these people on the phone and shooting myself in the head, in the car they financed me. i doubt they would give a fuck, but a shitty part of me wants to hound these agents like they hound me. i want them to feel the anxiety that i feel, with each ring of the phone. and if i am going to lose this shitty broken ass car and have bad credit again for the next 7 years, i am just done. i am fucked up but i want to fuck up a person apart of the system that i fucking despise. which sickens me. they are just doing their jobs. but i remember how monotone they all sound whenever they speak to me. and i remember this is just how life is. life is all about money.an even more fucked up part of me feels like i have been self sabotaging to work myself up to this point. to make it easier to give myself an excuse to exit out of this world. i am scared to talk to anyone about what goes through my head. they have enough to deal with. but there is this shitty dark side of me that wants to go out and leave behind the pain i feel inside everyday. and i fucking hate that part of me. i feel so much resentment for everything and myself.i just wish i had never been born. i think even my family would have been better off without me.i just want my brain to stop. nearly every day is so painful. i wish i had something to mute the shit inside of my head. i am an anxiety ridden mess.it hurts. i feel pathetic. like i am a burden to everyone and that they would be better off without me. i know i am a burden. it feels like every time i have tried to climb out of the holes i have dug myself, some shit has happened to put me right back where i started. like the universe is telling me to end it all.i really just wish i could die in my sleep. i get worked up over the most pathetic shit now and i am just done with myself. i am an emotional mess on the inside over the stupidest things. and yet i hide it. and i feel like most the time i am only pretending to be happy now. fake smiles all around.i fucking hate myself, but i am scared one day, the stupidest shit is going to send me over the edge. feel lost but a part of me is ready, or maybe this is what i was working toward all along
today, my parents and i had a conversation about my future. i told them i just wanted a job with a decent paycheck, because as long as you have enough money to get by that is all that matters right? they told me that i am too young to specifically choose a job, and then my dad asked me whether i liked sciences or arts more. personally, i like arts more, but i do not even have any fucking time to learn to draw and animate. why, you may ask? it is because my mom signed me up for so many classes that, especially during the weekdays, i hardly even have time to sit down. i cannot teach myself because digital art software always costs money and i cannot pay for anything online because i am too young to have paypal, and it takes time that i do not have to learn how to use the software. anyways, back to the conversation with my parents, i told them that i do not really have any choice but to become a doctor, and my dad said that i do not have to, but then he also told me that i should not really choose arts because apparently it is vague and you cannot really get a job in that. then, both my parents started going on and on about how i should focus on my studies. my dad even told me that i should stop watching tv and youtube and playing video games. using social media and youtube is my only refuge, the only thing that gets even remotely close to making me feel better. i am too young to choose a specific career path but too old to relax? it just does not make sense to me. he told me that it would only be until i finish my o levels and a levels o and a levels are what we have for high school in my country, o levels is 3 years and a levels is 2 years , but i know very well that i will be just as busy even after graduating. i do not really like studying, i do not even have a favorite subject anymore because of how much i hate studying, it just makes me feel so trapped, that shoving my face in textbooks all day is the only way to success. both my parents kept saying that i have to work hard, work hard, but to me getting out of bed is hard enough, let alone working. i did not mention that whatever mental illness i have i have not been diagnosed yet so i cannot be sure makes doing anything hard for me, because they would say that it is laziness not mental illness. who knows, maybe i am just a lazy ass trying to make excuses. i told my parents that i did not want to become a doctor because it is not my passion and it is stressful. my dad told me, oh it is not that stressful you can work in a clinic 9 to 5 my mom tried to tell me some story about how she wanted to become a banker but she could not and that i cannot achieve my dreams because imagination is different from reality. yeah, i already know that, i did not need her to remind me. i tried to tell her that i already know, but my dad said something along the lines of, oh why did you stop her like that that is disrespectful is that how you talk to your mom? i had no choice but to stop that conversation because i was about to cry, and whenever i cry in front of my parents they give me shit advice when 90 of the time when i cry i really just want to be cuddled until i feel better. all in all, the conversation confused me, because my parents told me that whatever job i get should make me happy and that they are not forcing me to be a doctor, but at the same time what they said was definitely trying to push me towards becoming a doctor. why else would they be telling me how good becoming a doctor is?maybe my mom was right. maybe it is time to say goodbye to me wanting to be an animator, or a voice actor, or an author or maybe a teacher, because i have to become a doctor to pay the bills and it is also my duty apparently to make my parents happy and to take care of them when they get old.however, if this is the life i have to live, i do not want to live at all.goodbye dreams, it was nice knowing you. it is so fucking painful knowing that i have to let go of my dreams
he cries every day. the first thing he always talks about when he wakes up is how much he wants to die and wishes he did not wake up, everyday without fail. for months he is said everyday has made him want to die more than the last. hes begged me to kill him, so hand him poinson while bawling so hard on the floor he cannot get up to get it himself. he said you would be mercy killing me . he cannot go to a mental hospital for various reasons, we are both minors i am emancipated hes not living alone together, and he has quite a long time before he becomes an adult with controlling over his own life. his mom neglects him and refuses to give him the medical help he needs despite his therapist telling her how at risk he is for suicide, she will not allow him to transition we are both transgender and he feels like nothing could ever make him see the light through the dark. not even me. not even smoking weed helps him anymore because he does not even get stoned anymore and that is the only thing that slows his thoughts and eases his ptsd. on top of that were financially struggling and we cannot afford to keep buying weed but if i do not keep buying i risk coming home to find my boyfriend dead. i would reach out to authorities and ask him to be helped but we live in a rural bible belt community that would surely make things worse rather than better for him. he recently told me next time you go back to work, i am going to do it. i can give anymore. its too painful. all of our friend manipulate us and we cannot trust them. it took me days of spending every second bwside him to assure him i would not be ask okay as he thinks i would be if he was not here. he told me its going to be okay when i am gone. do not be sad, please move on and be happy. he feels so alone like he only has me. and it took the risk of getting fired and losing the house to make him promise me i would not come home to a corpse. i told him i could not go back to work until i knew. i know he still wants to die more and more every day, and he cries more and more every day about the pain of being alive and reliving his trauma and worrying about everything and feeling so out of place and uncomfortable amd burdening in any situation hes placed in. i do not care how worn out and exaughsted i am only sleeping one hour a night making sure he does not kill himself, i love him and i need him. but i know its selfish to keep him here under so much suffering. i feel its comparable to watching somome go through chemo without hope of even going into remission, knowing they are going to die in pain and just wanting for that day to come. but i need you in my life . but i need my life to be over to feel any sense of peace. he tells me it follows him into his sleep. he cannot escape the ptsd and the trauma and the thoughts and his therapist treats him like a kid so they do not do sessions anymore because all she talks about is school, which is another reason he wants to die. he does not see any positives to living and it is rare for me to come up with ideas that actually make him feel better. he never feels better for more than a few minutes at a time. hes been through depressive episodes before but none that have been this harsh and long, ever. i have never seen or heard of anyone who seems to be living in such a constant state of agony. he craves the pain of death because to him it is an answer to his prayers of escape. i do not know what to do anymore. i feel like it is only a matter of time before i loose him and he keeps telling me that too. there is no adults who can help him now, atleast not in the situation hes in. i just need to know what to say or do. i need to know that i am doing the right thing by keeping him alive, even though i can tell it tourchers him to be conflicted about hurting me and hurting more each day. am i doing the wrong thing? sometimes it feels like i am. please help. i do not know how to help my boyfriend. what should i do?
when i was 11 i was diagnosed with depression and generalised anxiety. as i got older my symptoms grew worse as i suffered under numerous traumas. bereavement of a parent via murder. emotional abuse by the other parent. neglect. rape, seeing someone die right in front of me, and being abandoned aged 15.i was highly traumatised by these events and was diagnosed with other mental disorders including complex ptsd. i went to a small school for children with mental and behavioural difficulties. until i started college at 16, i had no education beyond primary school age. so i was 11yrs old when i stopped being educated.i was still put through for maths and english gcses despite the lack of education. i got a c in english and an f in maths. i still do not know why the fuck i thought to do a mixed construction and engineering course at college just months after failing maths the sad truth was, i was only picked to do that course because i was 1 of 4 women out of over a 100 boys in that department. nobody else in my class had below a d in maths, most had a cs.i did maths in my first year alongside my level 2 course and failed. in my second year my now level 3 course with the help of a very kind teacher i managed to get a c in maths.during my actual course i struggled very hard. 4 non practical exams and a few practical ones. i was weak and i would never even held a drill in my life, but i tried so hard to learn. i would cry before and after my practical day, which was a tuesday. my teachers did not know my full background obviously, but i was severely scarred all over my body from obvious self harm and my uncle was my next of kin, so it was obvious i had not had it easy. i would come in 2hrs early and i spent the summers working in the workshop to learn more. i barely passed in my first year. in my second year i did well. in my 3rd year i was in the top 3 of my class.in my second and third year i volunteered at a local charity shop every saturday. i was helping with general stocking shelves and talking to customers, but i was contributing to helping this private charity taking care of abused dogs. i felt confident enough to study a particular niche type of engineering, it was a university course.i dropped out within 2 months because i could not cope. different teachers, much harder work, different classemates. and the development of a very painful chronic pain condition.my life spiralled. i was running out of money and was too ashamed to go onto benefits, so i attempted suicide.i went onto benefits eventually. i was finally diagnosed after months of going to the drs with pain and being told to just take ibuprofen. eventually after moving to a different gp surgery i was referred to a specialist and given painkillers. it is been 3 years. i am on pip and universal credit. it is took 3years of being under a psychiatrist and being given all kinds of antidepressants and an antipsychotic to actually be told i need therapy. took 3years of begging before they referred me to a psychology service. i am starting emdr next week. i am waiting for treatment after waiting years for the pain clinic to suggest a course of action.yet i hate it. i judge myself and those around me judge me. i am a burden on society. i have never worked an actual job. my anxiety that i spent years working on is so bad i sometimes cannot even leave the house. my self harm started after i stopped for years. i am on so many medications that many drs have expressed concern. i am diabetic, which they think is related to my untreated pcos and that i spent years on a particular antipsychotic that can because it. i still do not know what type i am. i do not even care anymore. i pay pre payment card for my mountain of prescriptions because i feel too guilty and ashamed to tick the universal credit option.i hate how my life has turned out. and i am too sick, too anxious, too depressed and traumatised to change anything i am 23 and a burden to society
hi, i am looking for some words of advice and comfort here.a month ago, during an argument, my boyfriend 24m revealed to me 22f that he is suicidal. he was furious to have said it and became upset with me for having brought the truth out from him. i was never under the impression that i acted inappropriately at the time, but over time i realized i disrespected a boundary i had no idea existed. i made a mistake i have so much trouble understanding. and a part of me was relieved that he told me i also learned he has been seeing a therapist for a year, but after the argument he told me he was no longer interested in therapy. since this happened, my boyfriend and i have not seen each other. we have known each other for three years and have dated long distance through the pandemic. we initially continued seeing each other long distance, zoom and facetime to play videogames and talk about our days as if nothing was wrong, but my emotions kept getting in the way. but from the beginning of this crisis, he said he could no longer trust me or the relationship because he cannot bear to think about the problem and my fear and sadness are extremely upsetting because they cast doubts on his recovery. i understand where he is coming from and objectively, the nature of an intimate relationship goes against his desire for distraction and levity i have accepted this. we have started a two week no contact break this week. before then, i did everything i could to communicate my understanding and faith in him and his recovery, even though i cried due to my anxiety about the situation. but he has been so strong and sought out help before i must believe he has the courage to overcome this. as i am someone who struggled with depression and some suicidal ideation too, it breaks my heart to know my boyfriend is suffering like this and that i only found out now. i know i brought joy into his life, but without ever knowing truly how dark his mind could be, i am distraught that he must have felt disconnected and alone.i deeply understand i am not the solution to his problem. i am working through the paralyzing fear of being unable to do anything for him. again, he only wants distraction now. we are currently on a break to sort out whether he wants to continue in the relationship. we continue to affirm our love and care for one another. as you might understand, the flux of our relationship interacts very poorly with the intense sadness and anxiety about his personal suffering. i do not know whether i should stay or go, regardless of his decision. i am determined to accept what he wants but i am scared if what is to come is a lifetime of not knowing if he is okay. it is an impossible problem and i am just waiting for a sign. i love him so much and can only pray for him to recognize his strength to find whatever he needs. my anxiety gets in the way of my seeing signs of hope and reassurance he tells me he is keeping himself stable my continuing to see friends and do activities i trust that is exactly what he needs, it might be just fine to put off the deeper work it might take to overcome his sadness. really, i might just be terrifying myself for no reason. my therapist and family tell me it will all be okay because he told me about his suicidality. and he did so in some detail. even though he was angry, i could not help but feel he might be relieved to share his dark thoughts. and i cannot breathe a word of this to his family or friends, because they would make it worse by wanting to talk about this problem with him, when he absolutely does not want to. this also is a bit scary for me, but i can understand why it has to be this way.i know there is not much i can do but manage my own anxiety. i am learning and adapting, and finding strength. i hope he does exactly what he needs and that the outcome of his decision can preserve his happiness. i found out my boyfriend is suicidal and i am terrified
i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls i am living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your wallsi'm living in your walls ahahahahahahaha
i was born with a broken brain. i had very severe ocd as a child, which consumed all of my thoughts and made me very depressed and ruined my childhood. i showed signs of depression when i was six. i remember not wanting to live when i was six years old . how fucked up is that? this of course continued throughout my teen years. lots of ocd symptoms were gone some still remain but the depression and anxiety just got worse. same thing as an adult. i am 29 now, and i do not know how much longer i can go on. the last three years of my life have been hell. a lot of things have happened that i had no control over. my love life has never been great. finally, i met the man of my dreams four months before the pandemic. long story short, the pandemic complicated a lot of things, he broke up with me, we had to live together for a month after and he turned into a different person during that time. it was shocking. he was so mean to me. i just tried to stay out of the way and not be a burden. he never apologized and continues to break my heart in many different ways. whenever i try to explain this situation to anyone, i always get a lot of tough love and harsh comments that just do not help and they make things worse. i do not need coddling, but i have gone through every scenario in my head while lying awake at night. those comments are things i have already said to myself a million times and i do not need someone else saying them to me too. people also think the relationship thing is trivial. it is, but to me, it is not. some people's life goal is to have the career they want. my goal is to find a loving partner to share life with. i am fine with my career right now. i think both goals should be respected, but often times, my goal is not. that is far from the only thing. i have pmdd, which makes me suicidal before my period. a lot of deaths of people close to me have happened. i have had issues with unstable housing landlords selling and kicking me out . my catalytic converter was stolen and it cost 3k. i even saw part of the theft while walking to my car. there is so much more, but i do not want to bore anyone. something happened recently and my friend was like why are not you freaking out? and it was because i was just used to bad things happening to me. even my therapist was like wow, that is a lot of stuff in a short amount of time there are a lot of things i have not listed in this post . i know many people have it a lot worse than me. for some reason, my mom likes to bring that up to cheer me up but it just makes it worse. i do not want other people to suffer and it makes me sad to hear about their suffering. it seems like all there is is bad news in the world. i have tried to be proactive about reading positive things, but honestly, there is not a lot. my job involves reading and writing about real murders all day. i love my job and i am happy to have it, but this takes it is emotional toll too. but it is really not about how many bad things happen to me, it is the fact that no matter how hard i try, my brain cannot react in the correct way. things gnaw at me that a normal person can cope with and handle. the pmdd makes it so i cannot see any goodness at all. i am blinded by sadness and anger. i have tried to fight it, but my hormones are stronger than me. i try so hard to fix myself i see a therapist regularly and i take the medication i have been prescribed dutifully, but for some reason, my brain just cannot make me feel good. i get accused a lot of not trying to be happy. i wish they knew how hard i have tried every single day. the pmdd also makes me extremely suicidal. for a week every month, i am in a war with my mind. i try to fight against the urge to do it. but every month i feel like i am getting weaker and weaker, and i am afraid my mind is going to win soon. this post is all over the place, sorry. i am not sure i can keep doing this.
so ill preface the below by telling you i am okay, and sorry for how jumbled or confusing my thoughts may come across.also the part that refers to being in pain. i suffer from chronic pain and doctors have given up looking for why and are just trying different drug after different drug to try and manage pain while also keeping me lucid enough to function.i am afraid of intimacy, this is two counts.one sexual intimacy, i cannot do it or images doing it because of what happened to me when i was young.two i have had so many adults almost all male betray my trust. i was beaten by my siblings i was neglected by my parents. i feel that i do not let anyone see me the broken boy because its weekness to need others to trust others.even all history aside friends tell me to let them know if i need anything, in society this mean jack shit. not because that is peoples intention but because people are busy and self absorbed, you cannot expect a friend to drop everything to be there for you to have the tough convos.all i can think of is i cannot burden these people with my shit, who wants to hear there friend say that they want to kill them selves?that is also the reason i do not kill myself i cannot put people i care about through that trauma.tonight i felt like killing myself, i am in pain i am loosing the last of my savings. i am addicted to caffeine and food especially the sugary fatty stuff like chocolate.i decided that i would go to the beach and look at the cold front, waves and wind. i wanted to feel something but felt nothing. i then tried another beach and decided last minute to clime a near by hill that had some old war time stairs up to an old lookout that was meant to spot ships during the war.i thought the higher i go the more wind, the better the view and maybe id feel something.i have seen these stairs before and i know i am unfit and fat those are truths . i see the stairs and think to myself well ill either get to the top or ill die its the least worse way to hurt or try to kill oneself i got half way and the tightened chest and heavy breathing gasping for air that i am familiar with starts and my legs are shaky there is a musical joke to be made there .i know how to control my breathing by being intentional, which you know you learn is also helpful when trying to escape bad thoughts that whole thing about opening the brain back up to deal with stuff instead of the closed brain fight or flight stuff .so i was very distracted, by my chest hurting and breathing being hard. i sat for two seconds looked at what i imagine was a good view, but i could not care and went back down to the car, being intentional about the steps down, knowing my legs are like jelly and brain no work good with less oxygen.by now i do not want to get hurt, i forgot about wanting to die. once back at home i continued to cough and wheeze for some time. a different pain was refreshing. it was good to be able to have my mind on something else for a change.i am worried about the future, i always kind of am. except when with friends but you cannot be with friends all the time, they have family and little ones to look after.its hard to say i know how i am, what is me and what is the distractions i have to avoid being me or recognising myself and how broken i am.with all that what is the future for me, it is probably pain, hopefully wait loss and as long a life as i am allowed. will i be happy i do not know, ill have happy moments with friends.with this pain and my limitations what do i do. is there no more purpose but to bring joy to my friends where i can and try to be a solid male adult role model for my friends little ones.what do i accept? and what do i try to change?i usually keep these in my note pad and it goes no further but tonight i just feel like i want to be seen, even if its just one person.but this is the internet where jo one is owed anything. a monday night
well i have been holding this back for awhile now, but i am overtired and broken.i know its not her fault, but i hate my mum.she is been through some bullshit, but every weekend the two days of the week i get to see her she is an asshole and will not shut up about how meaningless her life is, how much she hates living in this house and being in this family, and how someday we are going to come home and she will have killed herself, and we will find her lifeless corpse at home.it is built up to the point that i will actively avoid her on weekends, getting out of the house, working, and sitting upstairs. she calls this me being lazy and selfish, when really i just want to get away from her. today, she sent me some horrible messages while she was at the shops after i asked her a simple question that being, can my boyfriend come to dinner with me, a.k.a. the dinner you are not even attending . she said she wished id stop bothering her and how she was sick to shit of people bothering her all the time and how she wished we would all leave her alone. this pisses me off.i get home, and i get an offer from my dad to stay home. despite not wanting to me my narcissistic uncle, i decline, because i do not want to be at home with mum.i only see mum once, confronting her to tell her that i am going to dinner with dad, and i do not want to stay at home with her because she makes me feel uncomfortableshe proceeds to yell about how ungrateful i am, blaming my mood on her saying no to my boyfriend coming over for dinner, and saying some horrible things about him and me.she yells at my dad on the way out, calling him a narcissist and asshole. i can hear this while i am outside in my dad's car with soundproof headphones on.dad gets in the car and proceeds to tell me that mum being like this is all my fault. in the subsequent hours at the dinner, i continually genuinely wish to come home to my mother being dead. all i want is her to be gone, for this to all be over.when i come home to hear her in the theatre watching tv, i am genuinely disappointed she is still alivei go upstairs to my escape area to play some games. unfortunately, my dad has been banished up there by mum to watch sports, so his loud yelling makes me jump every so often but whatever. i make significant progress in the project i am working on, and at 11 30, a time a bit past my curfew but not a time i would have fallen asleep, usually i lay awake struggling to sleep for a few hours i decide to go to bed. while i am in the bathroom brushing my teeth and hair etc. my mum shows up and starts yelling at me and my sister to go to bed. i tell her i am already going. she says what, so dad had it under control? i doubt it . i tell her that i am almost 16 and i can put myself to bed when i am tired without being told.she tells me that at least dad apologised for being an asshole, and that some ungrateful little shits me and my sister have not. ruby apologises, but i tell her i have done nothing wrong i have not . when i do not, she goes on about how i am lucky i came home to her alive. i am tempted to tell her that i genuinely wished she killed herself but i do not, because i know she will scream at me for ages, and i feel bad for thinking that. i told her that i was leaving her alone, like she told me to do, and then she says fine and her voice cracks, like she is about to cry, and she leaves. i feel like i should apologise to her and move on, but i know that she will keep being like this everytime i see her until the day she dies, and i am so sick and tired of it. i just want to be in a normal family, and now i am fantasising about my mother killing herself, and i just want it all to go away. i get so upset everytime i wake up.aita? rejected from r amitheasshole for mentions of suicide aita style post aita for wanting my mum to go away? tw s icide
i figure i will leave a note here and in my note pad app because fuck it lol. i have no one now. my family does not give a fuck about me and i do not care about them. the only person i was sticking it out for is gone and i doubt will come back. we ended on good terms but fuck it, life is and has been silent agony for the last 14 years. all my family that loved me my mom, aunt, grandpa, first dog are dead or have dementia my grandma . no one else gives a flying fuck about me so come the week of the 18th i am going to treat myself for a few meals to a dinner at a local expensive italian restaurant, and maybe a few other places have t decided yet since i will be all alone that week. i think my last meal is going to. be steak mac n cheese and enough wine to get drunk off my ass with so i can get the balls to just hang myself or jump off a close bridge into the river at least 40 feet from bridge to water . i cannot stand being alone. we had plans to get an apartment together in august, we have a dog together. i really thought we could be together for ever but clearly i am unlovable even by my own family i guess it no surprise. i am tired. so fucking tired of feeling less than others, like i am not worth love or time from other people. my dad and his fiance are getting married around those days, oh fucking well. enjoy you wedding and honeymoon and all the rest of your summer. never invited me to anything fun, just assumed i would rather sit out and rot or god forbid spend time with me to go see a fucking movie. nope. rather go golfing with someone else at the spur of the moment. you, her and your friends and her kids go wine tasting even after telling me no because it is too expensive. go fuck yourselves. you have always been a shitty father and a shitty husband. no fucking wonder mom left your ass. i would too if i had a husband like you.now on to your precious son matt, oh if only the shit you knew he did to me as a child. he ruined my chances at growing up in a normal house because you let him go off his bipolar medications. also never though i would put it out there but he molested me when i was 7. so go gloat how proud you are of him some more.tom. i am proud of you. you were a good big brother and although we are not close. you were still kind to me growing up and i appreciate that even though we are not blood related. i am not angry at you in anyway and i hope this does not affect you. sue,joe, megan. i do not know what happened. i truly do not. we all used to be so close growing up. but then as soon as i hit 18 no contact unless i reach out first. no invites to lake house when you are clearly up there. no invites to holidays or even wishing happy unless i say it first. i doubt any of you ever think about me. sawyer do not follow after me, stay abd keep voodoo happy and move on. i caused enough misery being alive. i loved you with all my being and if i can i will send you some sign of the afterlife. thank you for all you have done for me these 8 years. you have been my best friend when everyone else left and i cannot express enough how i feel. i am nlt angry at you. you have been more than i ever deserved and the best i will ever have. i love you and please forgive me.if i had a loving family maybe i could get through this easier but i guess fate has other plans.i want to donate what can be salvaged off my corpse. the rest just cremate and toss in the lake. everyone can have whatever possessions i have but i want my money donated to a german shepherd oriented charity or just to the spca. if i fuck up i do not want to be kept on life support. let my suffering end.i highly doubt there is an afterlife but i do not want to see any of you there if there is one. i honestly hate most of you now. i was 100 correct when i assumed my boyfriend was going to breakup with me. my date is now set.
several months ago i went through a terrible breakup of a 4 1 2 year relationship. i lost the person that knew more about me than anyone including my parents. i had to move back in with them, and it was rough. for a few months we tried taking a break, where i was not allowed to contact her unless it was something we both planned. right off the bat, she told me that she just wanted to break up but was also curious to see where things went. amp x200b after two months of listening to all of the fun she was having without me, and her starting to find excuses to back out of everything, i decided it was time to end it. regretfully it was over the phone, but i do not know if i had a choice because she would agree to meet and back out at the last minute. amp x200b i was suicidal for a long time after that. like not eating for several days at a time, looking for any websites with information about how to commit suicide, and even going places to get supplies. i lost about 20 lbs in just over a month because of this. i constantly reminded myself of everything that my ex told me was wrong with me and every mistake i made in the relationship. this was the person who knew me the best, and they thought so terribly of me, so i took it to mean that was who i am. amp x200b i started going on long, aimless drive to get out and try to find something. several times i ended up in the city my ex and i had lived in. our lease did not end for another month, so i stopped by the apartment once after she said she had moved. my head was thinking of all the good memories i had with her there and told me to go, so i did. but actually being there was completely different. she still had random items all over the apartment, and she still had a few of her collages there, but all of my pictures were removed. a letter that i wrote to her shortly after the breakup was laying in a pile of junk mail on the couch. amp x200b after seeing all of this, i made my first suicide attempt. i tried hanging myself, but i stopped because that shit's uncomfortable. i tried calling a few friends, but they were busy and could not talk. i did not know what to do, so i just drove back to my parent's and locked myself in my room. amp x200b i decided i might as well do everything that i can to find something in life, so i started traveling. i did a family vacation that went terribly because everything's uncomfortable around my parents now. i visited a few friends, and that was a really good time. i honestly felt great for the first time in a long while. amp x200b after about a month of that, i found a new apartment in the city where my ex and i lived because i am still going to school there. it was really difficult at first to be here and see all of the places we would go just a few months ago, but that slowly wore off and now it is just mildly difficult. first week i am here, i see my ex pulling into the same parking lot that i am leaving. i decide to go visit a friend to get out of town, and end up running into her mom. then, two weeks later, i saw her going out with the guy that she said was just a school friend. amp x200b i was feeling great and not thinking much about suicide, but now it is starting to come back. i have thought about it almost everyday this week. i think about jumping into traffic when i am on a walk, driving my car into the river on my way home, giving myself alcohol poisoning, or just starving myself. but i just do not know anymore. i feel like i have this drive to just keep going and meet someone else and live a dream life, but at the same time i know i am not hard working, smart, or wealthy enough to get any of those dreams. i feel like it would create too much drama, too. amp x200b thanks for reading this. i am sorry for how long and rambling it is i just needed to vent. i do not know what to do anymore
so... i never anticipated or expected myself to find myself in a place like this. but since i do not have anybody else to talk to i might aswel vent here before i decide to off myself. amp x200b so today i lost my job. in hindsight, i should have seen it coming from miles away but on the other hand, i wish it did not happen or atleast i would wish to be able to turn back time to prevent some things from happening. but we do not have such a thing, so my life is fucked either way.so, the first week of 2020 i gave up a deadbeat, no life job for something promising, something with a future. raised out of a family where such a thing is an impossibility, i could have atleast try. everything was fine, i loved the job, it was physical, it was a challenge, i felt... happy. 3 months later, i find myself in hospital. i broke my ankle at my job. again, in hindsight, my fucking mistake. i twisted my ankle at a location where it happened once shortly before, but a donkey does not hit the same rock twice in a row right? right. i spend 2 months in a cast, longer than what was expected and another month out of the cast before i could even attempt going to work. that should have raised an alarm bell. i wanted to go back to work, so i went earlier than what was recommended. and such, i went to work they gave me adjusted work, essentially i had to sit in an office like space, controling valves, pumps and monitors. but no matter what i did, how patient my boss was the pain endured. and weeks of adjusted work became months, months turned into a year. the pain stayed the same to the cost of several different treatments. every step i take on that foot is the same as getting stabbed. even when i did not stand on it for 4 hours, 10 minutes of walking made the pain come back, 50x worse than it was before. and as my inactivity began to extend, so did my weight. and in the meantime, gossip amp bullying started to become a regular occurence. to the point where the bullies claimed i did not deserve a lunch break, or that i am doing nothing but sit on my ass an entire day... i had multiple talks about it, every time the promise of betterment was made. but every time, the bullying became worse. my mental state began to decline. up to the point where i left half an hour earlier because i could not take the abuse no more and told my boss how i felt. and so, i was brought up for a final conversation. i could not even defend myself this time. it is time to let you go , and was ordered to give everything back, from keys to badge... amp x200b this job was all i had. it was my jumpstart to a better life, a one time opportunity that was wasted because of a fucking accident that dominated my entire career. and it is all my fault. if i was not fat, my ankle could heal properly. if i did not show anger and frustration all the time, i could have kept my job.if i was not honest about how i felt, i could have kept my job. at home, i have nothing, nobody. because of corona, all my friendships watered down to the point where they did not reply back. work was all i had. and now i do not have anything. nobody to talk to, nobody to vent to. alone, at the age of 26. sad fuck. for years i have felt miserable but it was do able, manageable even. but now i feel worse than that. a sorrow that drowns me out with no sign of ever getting better, not to mention the physical pain i have at the moment. i cannot take it no more... if i was not this ugly blob of meat i could have had somebody to support me right now. i am going to od myself on both pain, antidepressants and alchohol later this week and pray it works. i am just going to make some arrangements until then. amp x200b i just wanted to share my story for the record. even though it is vague and incomplete. alright, so... i lost my job today and now i got nothing left.
i grew up on a farm where i saw a lot of brutal animal death at a young age and on top of all this i witnessed my parents marriage and sanity almost dissolve. thankfully they are still together but the beginning days of the dairy farm really gave me a wakeup call that my parents did not know everything and were not the best decision makers. i am now 25, battling intrusive thought ocd for 7 years and often extremely depressed. i try not to show it but i really want to die most days. i am kind of known as the funny guy by those around me but that is all just put on when in social settings. i feel obligated to not plan such a thing as my own suicide, because i do care about my parents and siblings, but in regards to life itself, i just wonder what is the point?i do not necessarily believe in a heaven or higher purpose, and i despair at the fact that so much unchangeable pain and death has already happened. my friends that i have always seem to surprise me with their lack of empathy about certain things and joking attitude about things as painful and saddening as suicide. they do not know that its something that is always on my mind, but their jokes about suicide still hurt because it is a serious subject. i feel so incredibly trapped by life and so in pain by intrusive thoughts. i seriously cannot tell anymore where intrusive thoughts end and where my conscious choices and ideas begin. i am a visual person that is always seeing bad imagery in my mind of things i do not want, and its so persistent that i do not always know if its me. at this point, if someone asked me if i am a good or bad person, i would say yeah, i am bad , despite the fact that i have never actually done something to anyone. i do not tell anyone this but i often wish i had never been born at all when my mind is racked with guilt and confusion. i do not think i am mentally ill, but there have been some moments in my teenage years when i did start to slip down the path of total confusion, such as a time in which i thought i may be the same person as my father. yeah, it sounds stupid, but i thought since we did have a lot in common and he did look a lot like me at my age, maybe we were actually the same person. i often just feel that i am not in control of the types of thoughts i have and i feel at a loss for words about the kind of aimless person i am now.but honestly one of the biggest things that bursts any desire to further myself for a better life, is the hopeless of isolation. i have yet to forge an actual close friendship in the past 10 years or more. this is excluding my siblings and parents. something where both people understand and are open with each other. yeah, i can spout to one of my friends some philosophical commentary on life, but that is just surface level crap. i have never dated and do not know if i have it in me. so a lonely life ahead sounds miserable too tbh.the stuff where i genuinely tell someone how i really feel about my life, my pain, my hopelessness and my internal rage at myself never happens. i begin to tell them personal stuff because their seemingly trustful, but then i see that they really are not engaged, and they may not even be listening.because i keep convincing myself not to commit suicide, i often instead find myself just saying i wish life was already over by now. i mean, its going to happen one day. why cannot it just hurry up already for me, since its always looming in the background like an inescapable punishment. i know i should not feel this way, and i am sorry for that, but as this reddit group already knows, this is one of the only places where some people can vent their frustration or share their pain in the hopes that improvement will come from fellow sufferers. i think i have some repressed anxiety from childhood that really comes out in despair.
this is just a long rant. i am really at my wits end at this point, and no one can help me, including myself it seems. i have been trying so hard, yet i feel worse and worse about life. i hate it and most things in it. i try to like it, but i just do not. i do not want this life. i often wish that someone who thinks life is great would have been put here instead, or that id die instead of these people who seem okay with life. i want out. medication does not do shit, yes i tried it for a long time, therapy does not do shit and again, i tried it for years, getting out and doing things does not do shit, exercise does not do shit, i do not get those endorphins everyone talks about, i just get worn out. i do it anyway to be healthy but i am honestly tired of all of that too. meditation is nice for a minute, but does nothing, and i am honestly sick of the mental gymnastics of all mindfulness things anyway. i do not like checking my thoughts all of the time.i am chronically ill and will just keep declining as i get older, i now have a chronic eye infection that is risking my vision. that alone makes me want to die. the doctors are condescending or think i am stupid or not trying, when i am doing the best that i can. its getting to be too hard to do it all.i was laid off of a job that i liked and could do when covid first hit and have not been able to get on my feet after that. i had a different job, but i could not handle the boss who was a mean bitch to everyone, including her own husband, and left. still have not found anything else even though everyone is hiring. are they really? because i go and apply and they still will not give me a chance even though i do not take drugs, i have no criminal history, i do not ask to be paid a ton, and although i have not had the opportunity to finish college cannot fucking afford it without work, its a loophole i had a high gpa. i cannot seem to pass these fucking computer tests that want to know your personality. i guess my qualities are shit in the working world. repeatedly i have been told that i am too quiet. i talk when i see it necessary, i do not just say things to fill the space, even when i really try. i just am a failure. i do not like this mess of a world and how there is problems everywhere, sometimes self inflicted problems that i wish people would wake up to. i cannot stand it. people tell me too look at the bright side or be happy that i am not in a worse situation, but i do not like all of the bad in the world. that makes me sad.i feel like everything is so fake too, and i cannot stand fake. i do not like how relationships work either. biologically i crave them, but they always leave me in so much pain. i feel like a lot of men do not want women anymore, they would rather jerk off at home to an e thot and play video games. they only want women for an emotional or physical punching bag. i do not think i am bad looking, and i keep my weight level. i try to be polite and have a listening ear, but it does not matter. we cannot compare to porn or digital pleasures. meanwhile, i get unwanted attention from scary men 3x my age and i hardly feel safe.i do not have anything that i really enjoy like other people do. everything leaves me disappointed, like, that is it? and if something is fun, it never lasts long. fun seems far and in between. i just want to die. i have nothing to live for. i am useless in the working world, and very few people care about me. most would not give a shit if i was gone. the older i get, the more disappointed, ill, and sad i will be. i am really hanging by a thread because i cannot trick myself into liking life. no therapist can give me an activity that makes me like life. i am not even sure i can change that. every day seems to give me another reason why i do not want to live
i write this right here because it really is the only community where i felt like there were cool people, and although surely a mod will erase it, meh, what can i do? it was tried, and so that if someone who knew me recognizes my story, and knows that i triedi am 16 years old, and today i may will kill myself, because i am already tired of trying amp x200b since i was little, i have never had friends, my parents always constantly changed me schools for reasons of the area, so, i never really had friends, never, it was just me with my childish antics, that is why my parents hated me, they hated that i was naughty, but, i was just a kid, and to this day they hate me.i even remember a school that i was in my puberty i was desperate for friends but i was not aware that it was the castroso child, it seems that even a teacher hated me, i remember how one day that teacher stopped her entire class so that the whole class would say the things that bothered him about me, it was supposed to be therapy, but it was only two hours of all my classmates reminding me of the bad person i am, that day i think i left it engraved in my mind, because after spending so much time sad i think that i no longer feel my emotions well, and i do not know how to socialize very well, even though i used to do it well, or, i think.when i was 14, i moved to mexico because my father found a better job here, and well, i took my whole family, again, i started from 0, but, i met a girl, who for some reason spoke to me, and i thought she would i liked it, one day, i declared myself, and i spent several months very happy with her, but, i kept feeling lonely and confused with so many changes and things, and, in the end, when i asked her for help, the only person i had, she he ended up pulling away from me, again, because of me.half a year ago i did not receive affection from even my family.2 weeks ago i did not speak to anyone at all.yesterday i decided to write her a letter to free myself, knowing that nothing would happen and only take another blow that was already waiting for me, alone, she told me that even hearing my name makes her bad, that i stay away from her, maybe, if i went bad, and if someone is reading this, do not wait for logic, i think you have already lost a lot of sanity after so many months alone, and, you know what? i am quite tired of fighting, if it is me or it is not me the effect is the same, if i was bad no one will miss me, and everyone will be happy that i am dead, and if someone loved me? it just does not happen, but why did not i see it or did someone ever show it? meh, i am tired of suffering from shit that is so normal for everyone, i am a shitty person and i deserve to be alone for everything i did, i do not expect anything anymore, i just hide my pain with even more pain, with all the cuts in my arm, i am tired of everything, i have not been a bit of happy months ago, my mother loves me and i have lost everything, i think that today i will jump from the top floor of my building and see if i am dead and i seem relevant to someone , but you know what? nor will it be, so you, random from the internet who read this, i suppose thank you, you really must be bored to literally read my last words, do not try anything, change is no longer an option, besides, we both know that you care shit, it is just a random reddit post, you do not have to remind me, i just want to erase myself from the face of this earth. amp x200b now, i cannot wait more, i wrote this a pair of hours ago, but i cannot support my own mind anymore, i took the full pot of prozac and i am playing cod zombies while listening to it is been a long, long, time , shit, too bad, i almost took out the zombie dark matter, meh, someone sure will get my account my last goodbye
i write this right here because it really is the only community where i felt like there were cool people, and although surely a mod will erase it, meh, what can i do? it was tried, and so that if someone who knew me recognizes my story, and knows that i triedi am 16 years old, and today i may will kill myself, because i am already tired of trying amp x200b since i was little, i have never had friends, my parents always constantly changed me schools for reasons of the area, so, i never really had friends, never, it was just me with my childish antics, that is why my parents hated me, they hated that i was naughty, but, i was just a kid, and to this day they hate me.i even remember a school that i was in my puberty i was desperate for friends but i was not aware that it was the castroso child, it seems that even a teacher hated me, i remember how one day that teacher stopped her entire class so that the whole class would say the things that bothered him about me, it was supposed to be therapy, but it was only two hours of all my classmates reminding me of the bad person i am, that day i think i left it engraved in my mind, because after spending so much time sad i think that i no longer feel my emotions well, and i do not know how to socialize very well, even though i used to do it well, or, i think.when i was 14, i moved to mexico because my father found a better job here, and well, i took my whole family, again, i started from 0, but, i met a girl, who for some reason spoke to me, and i thought she would i liked it, one day, i declared myself, and i spent several months very happy with her, but, i kept feeling lonely and confused with so many changes and things, and, in the end, when i asked her for help, the only person i had, she he ended up pulling away from me, again, because of me.half a year ago i did not receive affection from even my family.2 weeks ago i did not speak to anyone at all.yesterday i decided to write her a letter to free myself, knowing that nothing would happen and only take another blow that was already waiting for me, alone, she told me that even hearing my name makes her bad, that i stay away from her, maybe, if i went bad, and if someone is reading this, do not wait for logic, i think you have already lost a lot of sanity after so many months alone, and, you know what? i am quite tired of fighting, if it is me or it is not me the effect is the same, if i was bad no one will miss me, and everyone will be happy that i am dead, and if someone loved me? it just does not happen, but why did not i see it or did someone ever show it? meh, i am tired of suffering from shit that is so normal for everyone, i am a shitty person and i deserve to be alone for everything i did, i do not expect anything anymore, i just hide my pain with even more pain, with all the cuts in my arm, i am tired of everything, i have not been a bit of happy months ago, my mother loves me and i have lost everything, i think that today i will jump from the top floor of my building and see if i am dead and i seem relevant to someone , but you know what? nor will it be, so you, random from the internet who read this, i suppose thank you, you really must be bored to literally read my last words, do not try anything, change is no longer an option, besides, we both know that you care shit, it is just a random reddit post, you do not have to remind me, i just want to erase myself from the face of this earth. amp x200b now, i cannot wait more, i wrote this a pair of hours ago, but i cannot support my own mind anymore, i took the full pot of prozac and i am playing cod zombies while listening to it is been a long, long, time , shit, too bad, i almost took out the zombie dark matter, meh, someone sure will get my account my last goodbye
hello everyone, i just turned 22 years old and i feel like worthless peace of shit. through a lot of time i feel great about myself, i can stay really positive, but at times facing parents criticism for living in hothouse environment makes my emotions so high that i want just disappear and only then i started to see my negatives and realising how much more work i need to do. i feel worthless becouse i am really good looking guy, i used to approach about 30 females in one year confidentiality but nothing of it worked. i feel like if i would chase them i will never have the one i deserved and my life going to be miserable. i read 28 books in year although in my whole lifetime i read only few. i really try as much as possible to push me through this situation but everytime i do i fail. i want to study psychology becouse for few years i used to suffered anxiety attacks, besides that i probably need to pass some exams from high school which makes me not believe in myself becouse my past results were not the best since i did not used enough efforts to learn i thought i will play sports professional. i also failed 6 times on my driving exams which also made me believe that i am not capable of anything, i drive pretty good, but then exams come i cannot cope with stress and feeling exhausted. i do not really know how i keep pushing myself still trying after that much failing, i do not know how i keep that up. suddenly, i understood how fast time goes and i start doing everything to improve myself, i became really desperate with a mindset now or never. my biggest fear is not to have a girlfriend i want in terms of looks and not having a private house. i really know it is possible to achieve it for me but i do not know how, how to cope with negative thoughts that you will fail again, how to remove fair of rejection and how to be very independent, since my parents are very controling so it is hard for me to do independent choises alone. i understood that if i will define my passion in psychology i can be really successful and dedicate all the time to it, but i still need come long way becouse it is now my life and i am fully responsible of myself. i do not blame anybody for the concequences happened to me. i took all my responsibility for myself. i want to say to others i did not gave up then it was hard so you too will not give up for me. i feel like i am not living and just existing becouse everytime i fail and something i gave up for couple of months and tough myself as biggest failure in the world. i understand that i need to get a lot more rejections from jobs interviews and people to beat the fear of rejection. i feel really stuck that i cannot achieve some pretty easy goals for longer time then others. i know and feel that now is the time to rise above and achieve my dreams, overwise i will live with regret for rest of my life, i even regret things i did not do earlier like searching for my passion and wasting time with snowflake friends which were friends for me just for their needs. in addition, i want to begin trading stocks, but my parents said it is risky and i am afraid to doing it. i really hope someone experienced some alike situation and if not alike tell me how i can get through this everyday anxiety and achieve my goals, the only good thing i guess that i still have plenty of time,i really try hard sometimes, but maybe it is not enough, it is hard to live with constant pressure and self guilt everyday of not being who you truly could be. i also hit gym and was fit as never before but then covid began i gave myself excuses and quit gym. thank you in advance. i told my parents that i will go to work my first job at grocery store just to get a work experience and bit of independence. i need your advice guys
i have wasted my whole life doing nothing but playing mobile games all day and sitting on the couch all day. i am already 19 years old and i still do not even have a job yet which is truly sad and pathetic. my own parents are actually trying to threaten me that if i do not get a job, they will kick me out of the house right after i graduate high school. i have 1 year left to graduate. i honestly do not care what my parents will do anymore, i just want them to kick me out so i can end my own life. i never really cared about myself nor wanted to live. i do not have the guts to kill myself now so i am just waiting patiently for my parents to help me end my pain. i am planning to just end my own life right after i graduate. chronic procrastination has affected my life in so many ways. its affected my physical health, my hygiene, my relationship with my family, my school grades, and my mental health. i have struggled with chronic procrastination ever since i was in elementary school. i did not really know what is wrong with me in the past but based on my own research, i am now 100 sure that i am struggling with chronic procrastination. adhd is the reason why i struggle with chronic procrastination. chronic procrastination has pretty much took away my happiness and gave me nothing but self hatred. i hate myself and i hate the way i am today. i truly want to change all of my bad habits, but its just too difficult. i cannot even do something as simple as brushing my teeth everyday which again, just shows how pathetic i am and how much of a mistake i am. i have tried to change my bad habits in the past but like a drug addict, i eventually relapsed back to my old bad habits. trying to change my bad habits feels like asking a person with smoking addiction to stop smoking completely which is why its very difficult for me to change. the fact that i cannot change my bad habits no matter how hard i try, makes me feel like maybe i should just end my own life so i will not end up disappointing my family. maybe i am just born to fail on life and never succeed. i no longer see confidence in myself and i do not see any point of trying anymore. so nowadays, i just let chronic procrastination destroy my life. my everyday life is pretty much playing mobile games all day and sitting on the couch. i honestly cannot stand doing the same thing everyday, but i know that even if i tried changing, i am just going to fail anyway. my weight is increasing every month due to lack of exercise but i really do not care because i am just hoping a heart attack will kill me. my dental health is not looking good either but again, i really do not care. all i am doing today, is just waiting for my death and thinking about what i should do now before i end it all next year. i wish i could just sleep forever so i can escape this reality but i know that is not possible. this year has been difficult for me, sometimes i cry in the night because of the amount of pain i am going through. i am tired of pretending that i am ok in front of my parents. they really have no idea how much pain i am going through nor how long i have suffered with this pain. the more we argue and the more they yell at me, the worse i feel about myself. the more i think about my past memories, the more i hate myself. playing mobile games all day is more of a coping mechanism to me because it helps me escape reality and it helps me distract my brain from the pain. everyday i act as if nothing is wrong with me but i am just hiding it really well. i am hiding my emotions through distractions. i deserve everything that is happening to me and i do hope i get covid a 2nd time and hopefully end me this time. i am just done with my life. 1 year left to live
for the longest time suicide was like a second option for me. just having the choice to get rid of everything without having to worry about the future was comforting by itself. growing up, anytime anything would go wrong, id comfort myself that i would merely wake up from this nightmare if i mustered up the courage to kill myself. it was almost like someone would be whispering on my ear that things will be okay and to never take things seriously because there is a permanent off button. this mentality has stayed with me for years and now i am approaching adulthood. i will soon turn 18 years old. due to this mentality, i have been academically slacking off and avoiding the topic of what do you want to do when you grow up. i told myself that i would never live to see the day i graduate and that its impossible that id ever become an adult. 10 year old promised me that i would kill myself before turning 18. my birthday is just a month away and i am scared. my younger self has gone through so much. my parents were always ones to never fulfill their promises and i do not wish to become like them. i want to at least do this for my 10 year old self, whether i want to or not. my life has definitely not gotten any better. sure, there were moments where id experience bursts of happiness and id actually feel glad to be alive but the down moments have been getting more frequent. i blamed my suicidal thoughts on this specific factor in my life which i got rid of a few months ago. things were actually getting better. i was actually talking to my dad more frequently and i was havign so much fun just talking to my younger brother. grades were looking fine and everything seemed to be going ridiculously well. my luck ran out just a month after and things were back to normal . my version of normal at this point is just sitting in my room all day without doing anything productive and having minimal contact with my family members. my suicidal thoughts soon continued and would frequently visit me every few hours. the reminder from my dad that id be kicked out once i turn 18 did not help either. when i was 13, i was actually attempting suicide for the first time. initially i wanted to run away from home but seeing how unrealistic it was, i wondered if id die if i were to jump off the second floor of my house. logically speaking i would not have died but maybe i would have gotten medical help to cure these thoughts. i wish i could have reached out for help earlier in my life. i mean, i do not think anybody would have done anything since they cannot exactly understand me. my dad was struggling so much as a single parent and i am sure he was suicidal himself. i heard from somewhere that these thoughts are hereditary so i would not be surprised if he suffers from them as well. i wish i could go back in time and talk to my younger self. today i got involved in a discussion which ended up with my dad and i practically talking about our past. once upon a time i was close with my dad and id actually talk to him everyday. with the flow of time we ended up talking less and less due to multiple conflicts. our relationship is now irreparable. i cannot get myself to hug him properly or tell him how much i love him because that is just so foreign to me. i feel so sorry for everyone including my past self. i did nothing but burden everyone with my issues. i wonder why i was born. i wonder what is the point of this life. i am in so much pain i do not know what to do. even now i have the choice to end it all but i do not think my dad deserves this. maybe i am just making excuses for myself. if i die, who will take care of my cat anyway? i wish i could restart this life. just venting, not in need of any kind of help
before i start, i promise i will show this and my other suicide notes to my therapist whenever i see them. i have been suffering from mental health illnesses for years was diagnosed 6 years ago . i hate it. i genuinely hate it. i have to take meds to boost serotonin levels store bought serotonin as i call them . on my birthday in june, i told myself i will end things an year from then provided things do not get better . i am 24 and am yet to do achieve anything significant unlike my parents, siblings, close friends and connections on linkedin . turning 24 recently is really hitting me hard. i graduated university at 21 and have done internships a local bank, a big 4 firm consulting firm and startups every now and then. my last paid internship ended before the summer of 2020. i am yet to secure a full time paid job since, unlike my peers who are pretty successful in the corporate world i.e. they are getting promoted or moving to international offices say london, uk . but, then, there is me. i have wasted the last 3 years of my life. i could have learnt a new language. i could have learnt new software say powerbi . i could have been studying towards a professional qualification say cfa, capm etc. . i could have lost weight and gained muscle. my ex left me at 21 because of me being suicidal and unstable back then. but, my untreated mental illnesses do not let me too. i messed up the final two years at university relative to my first year performance which was stellar . at all of my internships, i was extremely slow with tasks i.e. making ppt slides, replying to emails i believe i have undiagnosed psychomotor retardation . in my daily life, i avoid doing a lot of chores, for instance, doing the dishes, folding my laundry, cooking, reading a book. it takes me 30ish minutes to do the dishes something that would take my sibling 15 minutes . it takes me 7 minutes to read a page of a novel. taking that into account, it would take me 2 months to finish a 300 page novel. because of how slow i am, i have gotten very dumb too i struggle with basic mental maths and avoid doing things that require a lot of brain power . i am not even sure if therapy would help me. i am scared of entering the corporate world or pursuing a masters. because of how slow and dumb i am and how stressed i get in pressured situations. i point fingers towards my untreated mental illnesses. at times, i wish i had cancer or something similar to show people around me that i was actually struggling. even though, i told myself i will commit suicide a day after my birthday next year in june. if things do not get better i.e. i do not land a full time job and not be as slow as i am today . however, i feel like ending things this saturday. my method of suicide would be jumping off a bridge near a major public hospital and getting hit by an incoming vehicle once i jump. or, i will overdose on my meds. but, very likely, that will be next june. whenever i hear of people dying on the news or from other sources, i say lucky them. i wish it was me instead of them. i always pray i die in my sleep. but, here, i fucking am. i know things will not get better there is too many things to work on and fix . i am better off dying, either naturally or via suicide. i am currently working on launching a non profit startup, centered around mental health. in that case, it will further motivate everyone involved in case i end up killing myself. turning 24 has really hit me. it feels like i have run out of time to achieve things......it is too hard to turn things around. if you have made it this far, i appreciate you reading of my struggles and my suicidal thoughts. i have had enough in tears as i type this
hopefully my behaviour can help find out why. i tend to be very apathetic, apart from when i am stuck into researching my favourite subject which is nutrition and have become very impatient with my former favourite hobby i engaged in to relieve boredom, which are video games. i have some suicidal ideation, because nutrition can only provide so much information and find it extremely difficult to start new hobbies like learning an instrument. i have so far failed to mention my autism, which i inherited from my purely parental lineage and had diagnosed from a professional and autism has been linked with depression, although i do doubt my diagnosis to a small degree. my heart rate is in the 90s which is a possible indicator that something is wrong with me since higher heart rates are linked with depression, shorter life spans and a greater chance of cvd, although i am exercising and eating some legumes to lower it as much as possible. i am taking lamogtrigine which is supposed to stabilize my mood, as my consultant thinks that i may have bipolar and i am growing some broccoli sprouts to treat my autism as it is the only shown treatment of autism there is, if i even have it in the first place. i am whole food starch based, but i understand if you do not want to leave animal products behind, as my oldest sister still likes them. my main issue with making friends is anticipatory anxiety, possibly induced by church up until we stopped attending, much to the dismay of the pastors at 14 and maybe attending school at 14 after a history of only homeschooling. i am completely fine in the presence of others, like at school and can tolerate them fairly well outside of regular social meetings, but the main reward is walking out of the regular meetings for sure, knowing i have some time before i encounter them again. quickly going back to nutrition, i think i might be deficient in both calcium and magnesium, which seem to have a role in mood, alongside the obvious ones being bones and muscles and i am also taking ashwaganda. my grandfather on my fathers side, the autistic and very quiet one who only every talked to my mother once in his entire life, thankfully it being the pleasant topic of his civil engineering career. he shook hands with the queen for an important construction project once, despite being very middle class. i also have problems falling asleep at regular times, but no issue getting it consistently. i must further mention that i have had severe seperation anxiety based on my mother, to the point where i very rarely could be left with strangers and could not even be held by my own father, who has suffered from general anxiety for as long as he can remember.i grew up in a christian community and also a completely secular sailing club, which gave me the feeling of being jekyll and hyde before having known about the book. but both feelings where equally enjoyable. although i was in a christian environment much more. this was balanced out by three and a half years of schooling i suppose, although one of my friends at church who i do not see anymore thought religion was stupid and my mother and i think he could have been autistic. i keep in sparse contact with one friend from my christian hood and none of the good friends i made in public school.and yet, after all of my research into nutrition and other lifestyle changes, such as aerobic fitness, what could be the because of my low mood? any supplements you guys would recommend, as i am also taking boron which is a unessential mineral that boosts testosterone a fair amount among other things.thanks for reading this long post. what could be causing my suicidal ideation?
1 in 2011 my best friend passed away in a bike accident at that time my age was around 15.that incident really affected my mental health badly and now still after 10 years i am really depressed about that thing.2 i wanted to become a professional football player but tbh i never gave my 100 and after my friends death i started to stay at home and made my house comfort zone.lost contact with all my friends and with the girl i loved my first love 3 talking about my first love i first saw her in 2005 and i had little bit of family drama with her family also where her parents came to know about the thing i liked loved there daughter.her mother was nice and just because i was a kid my age was probably 11 12 she said this is not the age to do love and these kind of things there is proper age for these kind of things.i apologized to my crush on fb and she did forgive me.after almost 1 2 years we became friends but there was a problem my one frnd was now her bf and they both were in a relationship.at that time i accepted the fact that with my crush the only relationship i am going to have is of friendship and nothing else.but somewhere deep inside i felt when we became friends and got to know each other personally she liked me but was waiting for me to make a move.4 in april 2021 while having a chat with my friend i get to know my first love crush got pregnant and had done abortion recently.that news really fucked my mind up,i feel really bad for her bcoz her behaviour towards me was very nice she did forgive me and when i made the move for friendship she accepted me without any hesitation.5 i have health issues asthma and diabetes and my doctor has recommended to start exercising.having asthma was one of the reason why i gave up on my dream of becoming professional football player.6 i have been having suicidal thoughts from past 2 years but now i feel universe is trying to help me in achieving my goals and trying to help me in my love life by giving news of first love being pregnant and abortion.doctor advising to start exercising i can take these things as positives and work on building and achieving my dream of being professional football player i know it is bit late in terms of age for starting a career in sports but i want to give atleast one try for the things which i loved and that is football and my first love.i do not want die having regrets.7 there is a huge 10 year communication gap between me and my first love because after 2011 after my best friend's death i made my home comfort zone.i have cried after hearing the news of her pregnancy and abortion i just want to talk with her and see her.i am not in a hurry of becoming her bf first i want heal help her mental health career wise.i want to marry her.but because we have huge communication gap i fear does she remember me.8 i have planned few things to make her remember times of us being friends and tell her my love feelings through it like for eg about the day when i saw her for the very first time editing pictures written in story format and cartoon and video edit stop motion video .but first i am going to try and build a bond with her like we had 10 years ago and i have plans to help her by giving her tips for growing her business and then i am going to express my love feelings towards her tbh from last 15 years she knows that i love her it is just i have never confessed my love to her face to face. please do not tag me as a creepy guy i have written everything what i really feel big sorry for my bad english i tried my best any advice would be welcomed life is trying to give me a second chance should i try my luck ?
hi everyone. this is going to be a different post from my prior two. feel free to read about why i am going to end my life in a few months in my prior posts if you want to. here are some of my hopes for the future after i am gone. i am an old millennial. i am as old as you can be and still be a millennial. i have witnessed firsthand how millennials and younger have had to deal with horrible recessions and wages not keeping pace with inflation. home ownership is also now becoming an impossibility without being dangerously close to bankruptcy even if you can afford to save a down payment while working a job that barely pays the rent. i am in finance and do ok financially, but grew up poor and have had struggles. my first real job paid enough to have a nice one bedroom apartment in a great neighborhood and now that same entry level job would barely keep a crappy roof over my head. life is unfortunately getting harder, but it does not have to be this way. i am encouraged by the labor shortage and the remote working revolution. let us just call the labor shortage for what it really is. it is a bunch of companies not paying a living wage and then complaining that they cannot find people to work. all jobs in the united states should pay a living wage, period. if their business model does not support a living wage, they need to go out of business. please continue to fight the good fight and resist these crappy companies and jobs. they will only change if they are forced to change. if you are fortunate enough to have a job that can be done remotely, resist the employers push to return to the office. either demand more money for the extra time and commute or quit for a remote job. they want control over you. millions of us proved for over a year and a half that the company can make money, we can be productive and have more time for us. to be able to live anywhere we want. to have more freedom. now, they want to return to the old ways to control you. resist it. understand that you have value. a good employer should treat you like you are in a mutually beneficial relationship. again, companies will revert back to the old ways and force us into long commutes, time away from family and force us to live somewhere we do not want to live if you allow them to get away with it. punish their bottom line by resigning in massive waves until they get the message. forcing me back into the office was the final nail in my coffin. do not allow them to get away with taking even more of your freedom. having a living wage, a nice roof over your head and more freedom does not guarantee happinesses as i have experienced, but i also know it is damn near impossible to have happiness if your basic needs are not met. i am also encouraged that social acceptance around depression seems to be increasing. i have noticed more people publically talk about their problems even in the workplace. yes, we have a long way to go but the trend is encouraging. i really am encouraged by younger people questioning the status quo. i just hope they win and make the world a slightly better place. it will not resolve all problems. for example, it would not do anything to cure my loneliness, but financial problems and struggle are one of the leading causes of depression. the younger generation has an opportunity to improve the way things are. good luck to all of you. i truly hope you find peace and happiness. i do not have anyone to talk to in my life and reddit has been one small pleasure during my time of extreme unhappiness. thank you all. general advice to people and some trends that i hope will continue after i am gone
i have kind of been suicidal since middle school, but it has not been this bad in a while. i am 241 days clean from self harm and 172 days clean from purging. i am proud of myself. i was in a really good place for a while. but now, every day, it gets harder and harder to resist. its been 3 weeks exactly since she left me. i loved and still do her so much. today i realized she would unfollowed blocked me on various social media platforms. i did not know she wanted so much distance from me, especially since she claimed she wanted to stay friends. i do not know if i can live life without her. genuinely. we were together for 1 year and 7 months and 1 day. it was the best partnership i have ever had. she was the perfect match for me. so beautiful, so fun and vibrant and alive. she is passionate, smart, and so caring. she loved me so much and treated me so well. she made me feel special. but somewhere along the line i guess something just went wrong because now she does not want me anymore. and that truth has broken me completely. i am going to college in the fall and dreading it. i am terrified of moving away from my family, especially my mom. i do not want to go but do not have any other options because all the other possible life paths i can think of going to a different college, staying home, gap year programs, etc sound just as bad or worse. because no matter what i do, the girl i love will not be with me. i just do not think its worth living anymore because i truly feel that the best part of my life when we were first together during my junior year of high school is over. i had literally everything i wanted back then the girl of my dreams, a lead role in the school play, a bunch of friends. i do not have that anymore and i do not think its coming back. that is why dying feels like a good option. everyone says ill meet someone else but i do not think i want anyone else. id never loved anyone before her. she is everything i want in a girl. i do not even find other people sexually attractive. only her. so that makes me feel like ill just be lonely for the rest of my life. its also really hard to believe that someone would ever see me as worth loving and want to spend their life with me. i think she was my only chance. i tried to text her today because i wanted to ask why she unfollowed me and make sure we were still cool, since i had thought we at least left things on a good note. she did not respond. when she broke up with me she told me she still loved me but i think that love is gone now. that means no one loves me. no one wants me. i am completely and entirely alone and unloved. i do not think i can handle that. so, yeah. i want to kill myself over a girl. its kind of cliche. but the quality of my life has plummeted now that she is gone. no one is helping me. my parents are not taking my pain seriously, my mom gets mad when i cry. my dad does not know what to do or say. i genuinely do not feel like i have anything worth living for. the only thing stopping me is the fact that any method i can think of would probably hurt pretty badly and i have already suffered through enough pain. but maybe it would be worth it. i could be in heaven with my friend who died. i just want my girl to come back. if she did, life would not be perfect, but it would be good enough to be worth living. sadly, i do not think any of you can help me with that, lol. if you read all of this though, thanks. it means a lot. if anyone has any advice, feel free to share it with me. i do not want to kill myself i just feel like i have to. so yeah. that is all. i want to kms bc my gf broke up with me
recently i have been diagnosed with mild to moderate depression and anxiety, and i have been given a treatment which consisted of vitamins and 5 htp, but a month into this treatment and i am seeing no long term improvements. the only times i have felt better was when i first started for like 4 days , then when i took a higher dose of 5 htp, like my psychiatrist told me, and that improved my symptoms for about a week and a half.and now a whole month into the treatment i am feeling a lot better on the anxiety part, i am not that shaky anymore and i can sleep better and express myself a little bit more better, but on the depression part, i feel a lot worse. today i felt worse than before i was on treatment. i felt like i did not want to do anything, my energy and motivation for anything was non existent. i did push myself and went to the gym, and went running for a bit, but that did not help. i am constantly pushing myself daily, even though it takes me longer than needed to complete my daily tasks.and i cannot help but think about my condition, and what if it is treatment resistant and the doctors will eventually give up on me. what then. and when that thought of even the professionals abandoning me came in my head, i could not help but think of a way to end it. made up a whole plan in my mind, which would leave no trace. the thing is, professionals are my only hope now, and even though i can control my actions, like in not executing the plan that comes in my mind without me even wanting to think of it, i cannot control what i am thinking. i have told my psychiatrist that i think about suicide only hypothetically, on a what if situation, like what if i was gone , i did not tell him i actually made up an entire scenario in my mind in fear of being locked in a mental health hospital.monday i will have my next appointment with my psychiatrist, and i want to tell him that the current treatment is not working as intended, i just hope i will be able to hold on another week without losing my mind, because in this current state i am in, i cannot socialize or do anything and time passes really slow. i feel like i am getting distant with my friends, and none of them know what i am really going through, i did not tell anyone that i am on therapy and that i am following a treatment for this. i do not want to lose anyone. if now after treatment i am like this, i do not want to imagine how i will be in a month from now, or heck, a year, as my mental state has been worsening lately even before the treatment like no other time before. i want to get better, as soon as possible, i do not care what pills i might need and what side effects they have, for all i care i can lose all my libido, taste, skin color permanently, if that meant i can feel happiness again. hell, i am willing to spend any cash just to get to that point. i just hope that is not too much to ask for. because i already lost friends, i do not want to lose everyone by the end of the year...i want to be like i was before.i want to have fun, feel happiness, be able to talk like i am in the rare days i feel good without a dark cloud over my head. i just want to experience my young adult life the way everyone else does and can. i have had enough of these awful feelings, or more like lack of feelings, lack of anything, and i do not know how much more i can take.do you think telling my psychiatrist about my actual thoughts will put me at risk of being locked away? should i tell him? i just have no idea what to do, i feel like i cannot trust my feelings, and my thoughts at all. getting worse, even with the treatment
i was accidentally born from an affair my dad had with my mom after she told him she could not get pregnant, and i lived with my mother for the first 5 years of my life. she switched around husbands boyfriends on and off constantly, never keeping a guy, and at the same time, constantly moved around houses with me in her care. around 5, i chose to move in with my father and i have been living with him ever since. when i first moved in, my stepmother completely denied me, refused to accept me as her child, and was only nice to me when other people were around us. as a child, i had undiagnosed adhd which resulted in horrible mood swings and sensitivity. my family would joke about me and hurt my feelings then say i was being over dramatic and that i should feel hurt over a joke. i remember talking about it to my teachers at school but my school only taking it as a sign that i was a trouble child and that i often misbehaved. throughout middle school, i became depressed after realizing my birth mother had basically lied to me my whole life while having to deal with my father yelling at me everyday because my room was messy. and realizing i was part of the lgbtq . i quote look at your room, just think. nobody will love you once they find out how you truly are. i remember so well because it was only some years ago. i told my father several times i wanted to kill myself or that i have tried, but everytime, he brushed me off and told me he could not do anything about that. recently, i went to the mental hospital and got admitted for a week where i got diagnosed with severe depression, adhd add, and an ed. after i got out, it was better but ever since i ran out of meds, everything had been going downhill. i am struggling to do anything and its getting to the point i forget to to even eat or drink water. it was my sisters birthday on the 11th and my father broke into my room after i refused to shower for the fifth time and started yelling at me while my gf was on the phone he did not know . i tried to defend myself and then he started threatening to take everything that makes me happy away from me. i told him how i would end up actually trying to commit again and he started telling me that i was just saying an excuse. when i tried telling him what he was doing wrong as a parent i tried telling myself he was a good dad for so long , he told me he never did any of that and that i was just imagining things or he just did not remember. when he asked me why i never care to get out of my room, i told him it was because this family does not care for me or even check up on me. he went silent for a while and did not even respond to what i said. he tried acting like he loved me so i would stop being angry, god he does it every time. when it was all over, my gf told me they could tell why i argue the way that i do and that hearing me yell at my dad was heartbreaking because i sounded like someone who kept their feelings in fr so long and was finally letting someone feel their pain. i hate being around my father even more ever since that day and i have been slowly going back to being constantly suicidal. i hate being in this household, and i understand that i have a year and a half left till i am 18, but i do not think i will be able to get away from this shitty family. i am tired of indirectly being told that everything is my fault and that i do not have the right to feel something because its not logical. what is so hard to understand? i have been telling everyone the same thing for years and everyone continues to gaslight me and tell me my memories feelings are not real.
so not sure where to begin. i would not say i am likely to kill myself, but i certainly have a death wish. basically, i cannot think of a valid reason to keep going. i do not even know what i am working towards. technically speaking my life is doing better than ever, i am getting close to being published, i am losing weight, on the edge of being out of debt, and i have got the job i have wanted since forever. but, unlike with the characters i create, i cannot seem to figure out my own motivation to do any of it beyond basic instincts.my life expectancy is not terribly long due to medical conditions, but i have always been fine with that as i have never had much a reason to fear death, but even there i do not really fell much pain anymore as that is improving. and as far as the lockdown was concerned, i straight up enjoyed it and came out better than ever.but, despite how everything is objectively looking upwards for me, i honestly just do not know what i am working towards or why i would even want to get there. it almost feels like having played a game to completion and there is nothing left to do, if that makes any sense.i am functionally alone, diagnosed with aspd several years ago. i do have friends, most of them with similar issues as not many people are that accepting of psychopaths, seeing us as a threat based on name alone thanks hollywood . between that fact and medical issues, i do not have a love life. antisocial does not mean you do not at least want to be close with someone, but trying to find any advice on the topic just leads to endless articles warning people about those with aspd, never advice on how to live with it. i have made extreme effort to restrain the tendencies that come with it, refusing to lie or act out with violence even if it might be justified, but the simple label of aspd is the equivalent of evil to basically everyone who does not have it. it is like there is a requirement on you to be absolutely perfect, beyond any sort of reproach, so that nobody around you finds out that is you are the unthinking embodiment of all evil . no conscience does not mean you are not capable of knowing right and wrong i even try to help people despite my inability to empathize , it just means you do not feel it, but try explaining that to anyone. frankly, i do not see that changing in the next two hundred years, if ever.in short, it is like being an alien on this planet, something not human as far as anyone else is concerned. and on top of that, even after finally reaching most of my goals, there is nothing really left to do at least that is possible for someone like me . and even if there was something to work towards having finished everything worth doing i am going to, i cannot even think of a reason to work for it. call it fatalistic or nihilistic, and even though i know life's purpose, it just does not feel like there is room left for me or why i would even want it. every reason i have been offered from people seems vain, it get's better is meaningless to me because my life is arguably fine. ik it is fine to feel this way, but that does not really matter to me. and, like a coward, i am even hiding behind a throwaway account here just so i do not have to deal with helpful people in my life who just do not know any better. so, i guess to sum it all up... why am i supposed keep going? what are you even supposed to do? why should not i just hope to get hit by a bus? apologies for how all over the place this is, mostly stream of consciousness and unedited cannot find a valid reason to continue living in a world with aspd
for the longest time i have been very very depressed. my depression started when i was probably in elementary school. i was sent to the counselor's office because i looked sad or i was acting sad or i was not participating in class because i was so overwhelmed with my emotions. my father has always been completely distant, shows no emotion except for when he was hitting me. my mother was fucked up on drugs and alcohol and physically and emotionally abused me. her 2nd and 3rd husbands do not like me either.i developed a bunch of nervous and noticeable tics because i was so sad or sick. when i would get an each ache or strep, i would get punished month long groundings, beatings, name calling my mother tortured me when i came out to her as gay in 2003. she sent me to multiple doctors and told everybody in our closed minded, racist, homophobic family that i was gay. she also kicked me out of the house at 17. i ended up leasing a cheap sro studio in chicago so i could have a roof over my head. i paid for that rent with my job at best buy. i still do not know how i did it, but i didfast forward to 2015. i went through a bad breakup and ended up doing cocaine almost every night on top of my raging alcoholism in order to cope and numb the feelings. 2016 i started doing heroin occasionally and now i do it almost every day its been like this since september 2020 despite all of this, i was still dating because i thought that finding a partner would fix everything.i met the person who i thought would be my partner for life in 2018. even though he ghosted me on my birthday, then ghosted me again at thanksgiving that same year i still kept coming back. i love him so much, but i do not understand why.at the beginning of the pandemic, he a new condo and i moved in with him. we slept in separate rooms many nights because we both snore so bad.i loved being with him all the time. but the feeling was not mutual.my partner knew about my demons with drugs and depression he also had a drug problem about 10 years ago. i admitted to him that i had been doing heroin almost every night in december 2020. i pleaded for him to not leave me over this and that i was going to rehab as soon as my fmla benefits were active so i could go to rehab. i wanted to be honest and open, and i was.on march 2nd of this year, i told my partner that i would be starting treatment on march 16. i was very proud of myself for doing this. he, however, flipped out on me and told me that i needed to move out. now i had to drop out of the rehab program so i could find a new apartment and pay for the move. this led me to spending most of my money on heroin.i expressed to my ex back in march that i was very suicidal. he told me i would never be able to live with myself if you did that to me.i still see him a few times a week. why, though?anyway all of this has led me to crippling suicidal thoughts for the last couple of months. the only reason i have not done it yet is because my apartment is a mess and i do not want to put the burden of cleaning up on anybody i know.but i guess it does not matter on my end. ill never see these people again, right?i am quite sure that i am going to be done with all of this by the end of july. i cannot take life anymore. humans are horrible.tl dr i am a 35 year old gay man who has been experiencing depression for the last 25 years or so. i am also an addict. the one person that i love broke up with me in march right before i was scheduled to go rehab. i have nothing now except sadness and anxiety. i cry myself to sleep every night. people are poison
so this reason i am upset is yesterday my friend grayson who has many metal heath problems locked themselves in the bathroom i opened the door and they wear crying with a knife in there hand and i took it from them and then i put my hoodie on them and we had to lie to their parents and say that they threw up there not supposed to throw up cuss they have a tube in their stomach and then her cousin called me and when to me and gray and yelled at gray and gray just keep holding me and then savanna told me to fuck off and that it was not my business but i could not leave gray when they wear crying like that then once everyone calmed down gray told them how i stopped gray from killing themselves if i was 2 minutes later they would have been died then savanna thanked me for saving gray and then i went to my site and my mom yelled at me for drama and for helping cry my mom called gray selfish for doing that but my mom dosent know that i tried to die many times and then i cried my self to sleep and told my mom everything that was going on i texted gray telling them that i would not see then again anytime soon and said i love you to them and deleted it but when gray said i love you too my mom says really is she ur new lesbian friend or something and i am like no mom i care about her and then my dad and mom went out side and talked about me but i herd everything i almost tried to kill myself last night but i wrout in my diary to calm down then i cried myself to sleep every time i see the hoodie i let them wear yesterday i get a flash back of gray almost dieing and when my mom start raising her voice even just a little i panici was if i got there any later they would have been died not only did i had to put on a brave face and be there for graysonmy 19 year old cousin was talking with her mom and her mom talked to my mom so then my mom got mad at my cousin and my cousin dee did not know what to do so i have to help her write a note to say to my mom and i had to talk my mom hears how the convo when the is what my mom saidhi mom dee wants to talk with you privately idk is she going to be a mature adult about it yes i believe that now you both have cooled down and dee has had water she wrote down what she wanted to say. then mom said ok and to give her a minute then she when out into the living room where me and dee wereis dee dee is mom i me is just normal text 10 16 amso mom sat down and dee said aunt denise i am sorry for not coming to you i went to mother instead i am not used to having someone else to relay on pls forgive me . i know but you lied to to ur mom and told her that i yell at you and that you always get into trouble that is not true ur lieing to ur mom and ur lieing to urself then dee said ur right then i just sat there and let them talk. then mom went back to her room then mom told me go into there roomso i did and then she said how that i have bad friends at that i should not care so much and i am crying and i said i know i should not care so much but i try to fix them because i need to distract myself from my own issues and own thoughts. then dad gives me a hug and say its ok ur learn that not everyone can be fix i said i know i try so hard to fix others cuz i know i cannot fix myself cuz i bury my thoughts so deep down that i forget that i have then and i care so much about other becuase i wanana fix what i know i cannot fix about myself i almost tried to hang myself last night but i new a few days ago that i was stuggling more that normal so i handed my stirng to dee and she hind it pls some one help i am only 13
so this reason i am upset is yesterday my friend grayson who has many metal heath problems locked themselves in the bathroom i opened the door and they wear crying with a knife in there hand and i took it from them and then i put my hoodie on them and we had to lie to their parents and say that they threw up there not supposed to throw up cuss they have a tube in their stomach and then her cousin called me and when to me and gray and yelled at gray and gray just keep holding me and then savanna told me to fuck off and that it was not my business but i could not leave gray when they wear crying like that then once everyone calmed down gray told them how i stopped gray from killing themselves if i was 2 minutes later they would have been died then savanna thanked me for saving gray and then i went to my site and my mom yelled at me for drama and for helping cry my mom called gray selfish for doing that but my mom dosent know that i tried to die many times and then i cried my self to sleep and told my mom everything that was going on i texted gray telling them that i would not see then again anytime soon and said i love you to them and deleted it but when gray said i love you too my mom says really is she ur new lesbian friend or something and i am like no mom i care about her and then my dad and mom went out side and talked about me but i herd everything i almost tried to kill myself last night but i wrout in my diary to calm down then i cried myself to sleep every time i see the hoodie i let them wear yesterday i get a flash back of gray almost dieing and when my mom start raising her voice even just a little i panici was if i got there any later they would have been died not only did i had to put on a brave face and be there for graysonmy 19 year old cousin was talking with her mom and her mom talked to my mom so then my mom got mad at my cousin and my cousin dee did not know what to do so i have to help her write a note to say to my mom and i had to talk my mom hears how the convo when the is what my mom saidhi mom dee wants to talk with you privately idk is she going to be a mature adult about it yes i believe that now you both have cooled down and dee has had water she wrote down what she wanted to say. then mom said ok and to give her a minute then she when out into the living room where me and dee wereis dee dee is mom i me is just normal text 10 16 amso mom sat down and dee said aunt denise i am sorry for not coming to you i went to mother instead i am not used to having someone else to relay on pls forgive me . i know but you lied to to ur mom and told her that i yell at you and that you always get into trouble that is not true ur lieing to ur mom and ur lieing to urself then dee said ur right then i just sat there and let them talk. then mom went back to her room then mom told me go into there roomso i did and then she said how that i have bad friends at that i should not care so much and i am crying and i said i know i should not care so much but i try to fix them because i need to distract myself from my own issues and own thoughts. then dad gives me a hug and say its ok ur learn that not everyone can be fix i said i know i try so hard to fix others cuz i know i cannot fix myself cuz i bury my thoughts so deep down that i forget that i have then and i care so much about other becuase i wanana fix what i know i cannot fix about myself i almost tried to hang myself last night but i new a few days ago that i was stuggling more that normal so i handed my stirng to dee and she hind it pls some one help i am only 13
i do not know if this is where i should post this but its going to be kind of a rant with a backstory going into why i do not want to be alive anymore. every day i wake up feeling like shit. i feel like ill never amount to anything and that my life is as meaningless as used toilet paper. i spent everyday for years lying to people and only caring about myself. i spent so much time only wanting to foresee my delve into greed. i used a lot of people and hurt them. i spent most of my childhood being alone. i never had many friends if any. i never had sleepovers or went to parties. i never was social and i was always seen as the weird quiet kid. i was a victim of intermediate bullying all through my school years. whether it was because my hair or the clothes i wore, kids always found a way to make me feel weaker than them. after i graduated high school, i went down a route of manipulating people to get what i want and feel better then they were. i hate me for doing those things. i feel so alone every day. i feel like i have no purpose in life and i have no one to turn to. everyday i just feel nothing but a wave of angry and sadness and it follows me wherever i go. no matter how much i bury myself in video games, youtube, creative writing or music, i just feel blocked and empty. the only person that i have in my life who can understand me is my dad because he suffers from ptsd but our relationship as father and son is so broken and does not seem real. we are more like roommates than we are father and son. he only talks to me when he needs something. growing up, he was never really there for me and i remember some nights i would go hungry because he was more interested in spending money on cigarettes than food. ever since he got fired in 2018, he just seemed to have lost his purpose and i feel like i am more of his father than he is mine and that hurts me. i have tried to tell him this and he acts like hell get it together with himself but he never does and that breaks my heart. i have like two people i can actually call my friend but i never really get to talk to them much because they are both very busy. one of them is my girlfriend that i love dearly but my overthinking gets in the way so much. i feel like i cannot be good enough and i have really bad attachment issues so i suffer whenever she is not around. i spent 4 years of my life 2016 2020 on 2 different people that emotionally and mentally destroyed me. i am so sick and tired of being me. i am so tired of waking every fucking day knowing i am stuck like this. being an angry, sad and depressed wreck that cannot better himself. i have tried therapy, antidepressants, trying new things and taking better care of myself but no matter what i do, i always turn around and feel like death is the better option. i am just so done with being tired of overthinking constantly and feeling like i can never achieve anything. i am tired of being overly dependent on people that are hardly ever here for me. i am tired of feeling like i cannot forgive myself for my ugly past and that i do not deserve anything but bad things. i feel like the only reason i am not dead yet is because of my shitty job at walmart. i get so fucking close everyday to killing myself but i never find the way to put together the plan to do it. i just want it all to stop. i want to stop worrying and being scared of everything. i just want to be free from all this bullshit in my head and i feel like killing myself may just be the way out. thank you to anyone who reads this. death weighs heavily on my mind everyday
i used to struggle with suicidal thoughts when i was really heavy, they went away for a bit when i lost all the weight, but now they have returned...the few friends i had stopped hanging out when i quit smoking weed. thank you controlled substances act for turning me into an alcoholic. i cannot go a week without binge drinking at least twice now, or a couple days without having a few brews, always feeling anxious and shitty the next day. but wait, coke does not show up in a drug test nearly as long, so now i have that demon to battle as well.my moms been sick, she will not tell anyone the specifics, that hurts. my dads fighting with his wife separated parents , i have not talked to them very much in months because every time i visit they just complain about each other. my stepdads a bigoted piece of shit that has not said more than a few sentences to me since i came out and wants me out of the house. my siblings are busy with their own lives, which i am apparently not a part of anymore.i would pack up and leave too, but all my money is tied up in medical bills, student loans, credit card debt i am a fucking idiot i know , and a car note. i do not know how i am supposed to save over a grand for a down payment, or who will even take me without spending at least a year at the job first, considering my current employer is booting me out at the end of the week to outsource my position...but hey i lost a couple hundred pounds, so that is cool. too bad it is severely fucked up my skin leaving me to look like a lumpy potato sack, and corrective surgery is not covered by insurance because it is considered cosmetic . guess i will just have to live with it. i thought it would make me happy, and sure walking up stairs without getting out of breath is nice, but my dopamine levels have not really changed...i spent 4 years neglecting my social life to rack up debt for a piece of paper. work and school both full time, too busy to really meet anyone or do anything fun for myself. not that my social skills are great either, i never knew what having confidence was like when i was a big guy, so i cannot hold a conversation for shit, i just grin like an idiot and sound like a dumb robot, occasionally making some stupid joke or captain obvious type comment. maybe it will help me find a new job, i do not know anymore, the markets not great for my career field even though i was told it should be. guess once employers realized they can remotely hire anyone around the world they stopped giving a fuck about the locals. is what it is i guess. i keep waiting for a call, but none ever come...thought the added free time would be nice, but without friends there is not much to do. i have spent so much time watching stuff on netflix and youtube that i do not even know what else i can search, and video games are dull to me now. just the same endless gameplay loop for some reward that feels nice to obtain for a few minutes before feeling like the same repetitive shit over again. none of that even feels like fun to me anymore...i would talk to my boyfriend but he is probably sexting with someone else right now. oh yeah, he drunkenly admitted to that last night. that is going to be a fun conversation for tonight. i do not know how he is he going to react, and honestly, he was the only reason i even wanted to wake up in the mornings anymore. if shit goes south later, i do not think i am going to continue this game anymore, i want out. i have no reason nor will to keep playing anymore... the thoughts are coming back again
i do not know how to describe myself situation. you always hear it will get better time will heal you will get through this think positive you will look back and laugh on this just hang in there. to me... no. i have a mind like no other's i believe . i am kind of crazy. i am pretty hopeless and tbh... a lost because. another tbh, i am not looking to be a victim or an attention seeker. i am just trying to be blunt and honest. i am scared 24'7. of real things, fake things, rational amp irrational things, things that can happen, will happen, cannot happen, might happen, may never happen, will not happen, etc. i make up scenarios in my head. literally out of the blue. random ass made up scenarios and next thing you know i am depressed as hell and in a full blown panic attack. i do not do drugs in fact, i am scared of meds. kind of like a conspiracy theory. like oh you are gunna take this med to either not fix or temp fix a problem only to later find out it caused cancer or organ failure. see, crazy right? i cannot live life and never have been able to. is this person staring at me? making fun of me? it is absurd. i am a grown ass adult and cannot stop. cannot leave the house or i get the shits from anxiety. scared i will fuck up any job. i have ptsd. had an awful abusive in every way childhood. literally all of my childhood. now i am being divorced. the one person i had in life... the one whom made me whole. it is my fault and i will not even go into detail. all i need to say is i do not want to die... but i do not want to carry on. this pain... this hurt. it is too much. it is not new. it is ongoing but this divorce is the straw that broke the camels back. i want to live or i would not be on here. talking does not help. i am kind of doomed. people try to me helpful and inspirational and it does not help. i hate to say it but it does not help. i wish it did but it does not. i know the get help. seek medical care. seek meds. etc is coming. do not think i have not tried all that? i have been on meds all of my life until around 2013. had numerous mental health professionals i have seen and even voluntarily went to a mental facility. again the i am sure meds will help you just have not got the right one is coming... i know it. or the why are you here if you shut everything out? look, i do not know why i am here. maybe to let it all out for once... idk. or maybe someone else will see this and realize they are not alone. idk. i miss my wife. i will never facts love anyone else. i made a promise when i married her. marriage is not something i want again unless blessed with a 2nd chance with her. i do not want anything else. marriage to me is a one time thing. it is my fault 2nd time i am saying it.. i know and i am just hurt. i know my mistakes... just too late. she could just look at me and i was better. whatever mood feeling i was having boom better. i have lost 20 lbs and that is someone who was trying to lose weight numerous ways for awhileeee and could not. i cannot hardly eat or do any other necessity. can barely even get out of bed. my heart beat is getting funky and it trips me out. idk what to do. no friends. no one to support me. i do not want anyone knowing we are separating so i have to lie when asked how is you and so and so? or where is the wife? dude it hurts so bad. i was depressed before she left. this was just my biggest fear i never thought would happen. i cannot just call a friend up as i have none. idk what else to say. depression suicide post longer than intended.
hi all. i think i might be on the verge of suicide. i feel like i have run out of options. i do not live in a country that has free medical care i cancelled my private insurance and public hospitals are the most frightening thing ever here. i live in a 3rd world country where if you go to a public facility you get abused mistreated etc i started taking antidepressants a few years ago for anxiety as it is what my partner wanted me to do as they were a doctor and i had bad anxiety since a kid. we broke up, but i found it hard stop taking the meds as when i did i got terrible withdrawals. but eventually the side effects got so bad i went to a psychiatrist and tried various antidepressants but i just got worse and worse that i decided to quit taking them and that was last september. the withdrawals were crazy and i felt super depressed after stopping them even though i tapered. a few months ago as i was still struggling so i booked myself into a rehab super expensive that dealt with coming off psychiatric medication. worst idea ever, it was in the middle of nowhere and i was put with hardcore drug addicts and i cldnt just leave, plus it was semi cultish. it was the scariest experience ever and now since leaving i still have the problems with withdrawal plus now i am traumatized and i have terrible sensations in my body as a result. totally screwed up i knw. anyway, i cannot do this anymore. i have tried reaching out to family but they are not really the helping type. i have pretty much been on my own since kid ie having to be my own parent and i am surprised i have even made it this far.i have written my goodbye note. bought some gear. i have decided i am going to hike to the middle of nowhere and just die. unfortunately my country has no social security and i feel so shitty i cannot possibly hold down a job. plus in my country if you get a basic job like working at mcdonald's you are pretty much living in a shack in dire poverty as it pays way to little to survive. i have some savings but i have decided that there is little it can do for me. i have lost my will to carry on fighting. in any case, i realised that with it i can actually make a difference in other people's lives instead on wasting it on mine. there is enough to build a house for a friend in nepal, enough to send a girl in rural india to school and look after all her needs until she graduates, and enough to donate to a religious organization to do something substantial. i feel if i spend any more of it on me i am taking away from what it cld give someone else. i am also just tired and do not feel like i can get better. i feel completely alone and isolated. i used to be very social but lately i have withdrawn. i really think this is it. my biggest fear is becoming a ghost. i have been praying alot but i feel hopeless. i think i have got another day or two left in me. i tried to withdrawal all my money today so i cld donate it but i was told i have got a 24hr lock on my savings so i have to wait for that. i just pray that in my next life things are better. i have tried to live a good life i really have and always tried to live morally.so i am open to suggestions. this feels like it though. i would previously thought of suicide but never come this far before as to plan everything and decide where my money's going and how i will die etc. i have also left my apartment and am staying in a hotel close to the mountains and cut myself off from the world.thanks in advance i am pretty sure this is the end. any advice?
there is a plethora of ways i could kill myself at this moment, many of which would be pretty painless. or at least, i would not be in the right mind to feel the pain if i were to commit.but i cannot do it.is it fear? is it that i still want to live? nothing actually seems particularly wrong with my life, so is it just a phase? am i trying to be edgy? i do not know. i am not even focusing on what the title of the post says, i just wanted to write something.also just realized that i might have imposter syndrome, which is fun.i feel like i am just fucking things up for myself despite having everything i need around me. i feel like i do not deserve to contemplate suicide because other people have gone through actual, real pain. i am at a time where i should be finding focus, where i should be giving it my all, but everything i have done up until this point feels pointless and i feel i will never achieve what i want even if i tried now. i hate myself making things so much harder than it needs to be. and i hate myself for not even trying to make it better for myself. can this even be called being suicidal? i do not know. i might be overreacting. but at the same time i want to die. i do not want to turn 18. but i am turning 18 soon and i do not know if i want to just end it before i have to face becoming an adult or if i should try to survive by then because i know that there is still a chance to improve. this is just a full on rant, no one's going to read this. i want to talk to someone, but i do not know if i can trust them. i am afraid to find out what would happen if people knew that i have these thoughts. would my friends and family still love me? would they see me differently? where do we go when we die? do we get reborn when we die? if i were to die, would i ever feel the sensation of having control over body and thought again? is it worth finding out? should i try now? or would it just be endless nothingness forever for me? it is fucking cold. i have a hoodie on, but my body feels like there is chills all over it. i do not know who i am anymore. i spent my whole life buried in textbooks and nothing else and now i am crumbling under the expectation that i have to apply for uni, whether they will even accept me, why i did not do anything in the past few fucking months i had to do something about this worry. i am scared i am going to disappoint everyone, because i know i made them all believe in me. but now i feel like i am going to betray them by either fucking things up for myself or just ending it all. i do not want to sleep, and i do not want to wake up. i do not want to fail, but i just want to end it all. who decided that life had to be this confusing? who decided to give me this fucking brain that thinks these thoughts? i am scared to find out if i would actually kill myself before my birthday. it is only a little bit away. i do not want to put that burden on my family. i know that they love me. i love them. i am fortunate enough to have them around when i cry, so i do not know why i am even having these thoughts. i do not deserve to be like this. i wish i spent my time doing at least something else. maybe then i would have a better idea of what life is about. of whether or not my worries are even important. whether i deserve to cry.this was a long rant. i doubt that one can even form a reply to this. i just wish i could pick something and stick to it either try and give it my all or decide to end it all now. why is death so attractive yet scary?
hi all. i think i might be on the verge of suicide. i feel like i have run out of options. i do not live in a country that has free medical care i cancelled my private insurance and public hospitals are the most frightening thing ever here. i live in a 3rd world country where if you go to a public facility you get abused mistreated etc i started taking antidepressants a few years ago for anxiety as it is what my partner wanted me to do as they were a doctor and i had bad anxiety since a kid. we broke up, but i found it hard stop taking the meds as when i did i got terrible withdrawals. but eventually the side effects got so bad i went to a psychiatrist and tried various antidepressants but i just got worse and worse that i decided to quit taking them and that was last september. the withdrawals were crazy and i felt super depressed after stopping them even though i tapered. a few months ago as i was still struggling so i booked myself into a rehab super expensive that dealt with coming off psychiatric medication. worst idea ever, it was in the middle of nowhere and i was put with hardcore drug addicts and i cldnt just leave, plus it was semi cultish. it was the scariest experience ever and now since leaving i still have the problems with withdrawal plus now i am traumatized and i have terrible sensations in my body as a result. totally screwed up i knw. anyway, i cannot do this anymore. i have tried reaching out to family but they are not really the helping type. i have pretty much been on my own since kid ie having to be my own parent and i am surprised i have even made it this far.i have written my goodbye note. bought some gear. i have decided i am going to hike to the middle of nowhere and just die. unfortunately my country has no social security and i feel so shitty i cannot possibly hold down a job. plus in my country if you get a basic job like working at mcdonald's you are pretty much living in a shack in dire poverty as it pays way to little to survive. i have some savings but i have decided that there is little it can do for me. i have lost my will to carry on fighting. in any case, i realised that with it i can actually make a difference in other people's lives instead on wasting it on mine. there is enough to build a house for a friend in nepal, enough to send a girl in rural india to school and look after all her needs until she graduates, and enough to donate to a religious organization to do something substantial. i feel if i spend any more of it on me i am taking away from what it cld give someone else. i am also just tired and do not feel like i can get better. i feel completely alone and isolated. i used to be very social but lately i have withdrawn. i really think this is it. my biggest fear is becoming a ghost. i have been praying alot but i feel hopeless. i think i have got another day or two left in me. i tried to withdrawal all my money today so i cld donate it but i was told i have got a 24hr lock on my savings so i have to wait for that. i just pray that in my next life things are better. i have tried to live a good life i really have and always tried to live morally.so i am open to suggestions. this feels like it though. i would previously thought of suicide but never come this far before as to plan everything and decide where my money's going and how i will die etc. i have also left my apartment and am staying in a hotel close to the mountains and cut myself off from the world.thanks for reading i think this is it
i am not sure what i am trying to say, or ask, in this post. it is not 'to' anyone, or this sub in particular but i cannot think of anywhere more appropriate. i think i am just taking stock of where i am at, because i am scared of where i have been before, and i am scared of where i might be going again. i am fucking terrified.i beat this years ago and i thought i had come away from that place for good. i really really did.and i have been trying to pretend i am doing well but for at least a year now, maybe two, i think i have been slipping back. grinning on the outside and hoping that if i lie to myself long enough it would pass. but things in my life are falling apart.i have had issues for years and years feeling that nobody listens to me. like, yeah people hear the words i say, and they respond with words too. but that is where it ends. nothing i say has any bearing. i could go to a restaraunt and stand in line and when i order, the chef would say okay, take a seat at a table and then not write my order, not cook my meal, and completely ignore me when i try to ask what is going on. as far as my input having any effect on things i may as well just have kept my mouth shut since birth.i am sharing a house with someone. for a couple of months now. i feel like i am being attacked for the pettiest things but at the same time they are doing these exact same things to a much larger scale. i did a massive amount of rubbish removal and also some yardwork on the weekend the yard has been neglected for months amd months before i moved in and maybe i was being selfish but i was hoping for at least a thankyou. all they did afterwards was use me as a wall to complain to about their other problems. not a single mention of the work i had done. i only moved in here because its not possible to live with my partner right now and it was really hard to even find this place, now its looking like ill have to move somewhere else because i feel like i am walking on eggshells and just waiting for what the next problem will be. its wearing down my mental health every single day.but i cannot just move out now either because my job ends in just under 2 weeks the business is folding and we employees were only just told about it. so i will not be able to afford to move anywhere now anyway. it was hard enough to get this dead end job as it is and now this is being taken away from me as well. hello homeless here i come.everything is just piling up on everything else. any time i have a win its as if life has to point out that it was tiny and meaningless, then it goes and takes something away from me just to make sure i am completely defeated. i am sick of feeling like such a fucking worthless piece of less than nothing. i feel in my mind that i was supposed to be left in a dumpster at birth and because i was not, life is just bullying me until i finally neck myself and fix the universe. i tell myself this in my head and i can feel my heart agreeing. if my 3 decades being alive so far are anything to go by, then yes, life will only get worse. pick any point, any point in time and things only get worse from there.when i talk with the kids about growing up, and how exciting life is, i feel like such a fucking liar because that is not what life has been for me at all. life has been 30 years of finding reasons not to hang myself fucking dead. i just want to cry. i am sorry for anyone who read this. time to be honest. i am fantasising about ending my life again.
i do not really have anyone in my life that i can comfortably say all this to.therefore i apologize for the long read.i just want to be happy.i have tried as much as i can.i have been to the hospital, i have been through therapy, i have tried medications.i understand that there is so much more, and that happiness is not something you achieve overnight but rather a state of mind that you work towards on a daily basis.it is just that i feel miserable all the time....yet i have the audacity to give mental health advice to those around me.i cannot be honest with myself and i cannot be honest with those around me who are trying to help.with everything happening in the world, i feel guilty in admitting how i truly feel.therapy provided me a lot of insight, and honestly it was great but it is not teaching me anything i did not already know.i hate myself every single day for being sensitive, i hate myself for not having the courage to stand up for myself, i hate myself for knowing i was suffering yet i allowed it to continue as i was too ashamed to seek help until my mid 20s.people tell me i am too hard on myself, but i just do not know who else to blame.yes, my father was an emotionally abusive narcissist.he made me feel worthless.our relationship was conditional on my compliance to the unrealistic expectations he set out for me to achieve.this carried with me forever, and it began to manifest in virtually every relationship i went into.i was a people pleaser and my lack of confidence had me seeking validation in the unhealthiest of manners.my inner child was screaming constantly.yet as much as i want to blame him for my cptsd, i was aware of what was happening.i understand that my emotions were not validated as a child.. but i surrendered willingly.i hate my father, but i cannot blame him.the fingers just come back at me, that no, whatever happened, was ultimately my own doing.outside of my daddy issues, i have opened up to a few close friends however...i am constantly reminded of my situation and my circumstances, that i have no reason to feel the way i do.i am told that as a smart man, i should be able to convince myself to think positive.i am told that as a good looking man, i cannot feel insecure.i have been told that i should focus on counting the blessings in my life rather than directing my focus on the misfortunes which makes me feel so trash.i try my best to remind myself that i am only human, that i am trying my best, that the path of healing was never meant to be all rainbows and unicorns but i just feel very lost.i often contemplate suicide, since it feels easier to just hit the off switch rather than try to overcome this obstaclewhenever i feel a moment of happiness, i quickly snap out of it, since i keep telling myself i am not allowed to be happy.i have so much bottled up inside of me. i do not want this to be the rest of my life.i have come to somewhat of a healthier place but i know i still have a very long way to go.i would love to not feel this way. unfortunately it is become extremely difficult to control.i just wish i had someone to prepare me for the real world.i wish i had a real father. a real role model.i honestly just wish i had someone to hold my hand and give me a hug.someone to tell me that it is going to be okay.i took out all my emotional frustrations on anyone that got close to me.. and it makes me feel so ashamed of myself.i just do not know what to do from here. i contemplate this way too much.
i am sorry this is a terribly convoluted stream of consciousness sort of post.. also i am really sorry if any of this is against tos... i have not been able to get to sleep normal ly in weeks and i am writing this at 6 20 in the morning when i have work in 8 hours and i am not even tired yet and that is a problem and i am panicking nowi'm turning 26 in a few days. in the us, this means i lose access to my parents' health insurance. i do not have employer health insurance and will not be able to go to the doctor anymore, let alone afford therapy or counseling.my current job at an arcade is filled with constant customer abuse, usually microaggressions about policies or prices or just dumb people not reading instructions on games, shitty looks and tones of voice and stuff like that which builds and builds until any particularly aggressive, attacking customer is automatically too much for me to handle, but if i in any way engage their shit behavior the onus is on me to disengage altogether. i never have any real backup from management, it is just constant abuse and then punishment writeups if i get mad back at a customer for being blatantly mean or harassing. i am pretty sure i am at the end of my rope with the company, i think i may be receiving my final warning today, and i cannot stomach the thought of remaining in a retail environment anymore if i do get fired. i feel like i have hit my boiling point even with just that.my employer has dangled promotion in front of me for months now, which i have made known i need in order to continue having health insurance, or else i have to find other work. but i am 99 certain they are going to screw me over on that one. i have been looking for alternative places to work on the side, but it is just becoming clearer and clearer that my lack of a degree is constraining me to abusive retail environments and not much else. i feel genuinely like a drain on society, utterly replaceable.i cannot afford health insurance outside of my employer with the wages i am making currently, i am barely making my rent and car insurance as is. people have recommended government assistance but i have also heard that is a bad idea and i do not know who to believe, or if i would even qualify, and it is immensely stressing me out after dealing with the clustercuss of unemployment for the greater part of last year.i have tried applying at various places and have not really heard anything back. i cancelled my planned vacation in favor of attending the second round of interviews for a place i really hoped would hire me, and they went silent and i have no time left to keep waiting around. i am on the verge of just packing up and moving, but then i would lose access to my primary physician, and i am terrified of going homeless again like i was in 2014 15.my anxiety and stress are boiling over, i think this is a lower point than i was at in 2010 when i got checked into a ward. i know other people have it way harder than me overall, but i genuinely cannot think of a way to make my life actually worth living anymore, instead of a constant grinding to survive . i know i am fortunate to have a job at all, i just cannot handle the abuse anymore. i keep wanting a way out and i am scaring myself that i may actually do it this time.... i do not have a plan, just keep having errant thoughts while i am driving to just go into a lake or off a cliff or stuff like that... i am scaring myself.. i am at my wit's end
i am sorry this is a terribly convoluted stream of consciousness sort of post.. also i am really sorry if any of this is against tos... i have not been able to get to sleep normally in weeks and i am writing this at 6 20 in the morning when i have work in 8 hours and i am not even tired yet and that is a problem and i am panicking nowi'm turning 26 in a few days. in the us, this means i lose access to my parents' health insurance. i do not have employer health insurance and will not be able to go to the doctor anymore, let alone afford therapy or counseling.my current job at an arcade is filled with constant customer abuse, usually microaggressions about policies or prices or just dumb people not reading instructions on games, shitty looks and tones of voice and stuff like that which builds and builds until any particularly aggressive, attacking customer is automatically too much for me to handle, but if i in any way engage their shit behavior the onus is on me to disengage altogether. i never have any real backup from management, it is just constant abuse and then punishment writeups if i get mad back at a customer for being blatantly mean or harassing. i am pretty sure i am at the end of my rope with the company, i think i may be receiving my final warning today, and i cannot stomach the thought of remaining in a retail environment anymore if i do get fired. i feel like i have hit my boiling point even with just that.my employer has dangled promotion in front of me for months now, which i have made known i need in order to continue having health insurance, or else i have to find other work. but i am 99 certain they are going to screw me over on that one. i have been looking for alternative places to work on the side, but it is just becoming clearer and clearer that my lack of a degree is constraining me to abusive retail environments and not much else. i feel genuinely like a drain on society, utterly replaceable.i cannot afford health insurance outside of my employer with the wages i am making currently, i am barely making my rent and car insurance as is. people have recommended government assistance but i have also heard that is a bad idea and i do not know who to believe, or if i would even qualify, and it is immensely stressing me out after dealing with the clustercuss of unemployment for the greater part of last year.i have tried applying at various places and have not really heard anything back. i cancelled my planned vacation in favor of attending the second round of interviews for a place i really hoped would hire me, and they went silent and i have no time left to keep waiting around. i am on the verge of just packing up and moving, but then i would lose access to my primary physician, and i am terrified of going homeless again like i was in 2014 15.my anxiety and stress are boiling over, i think this is a lower point than i was at in 2010 when i got checked into a ward. i know other people have it way harder than me overall, but i genuinely cannot think of a way to make my life actually worth living anymore, instead of a constant grinding to survive . i know i am fortunate to have a job at all, i just cannot handle the abuse anymore. i keep wanting a way out and i am scaring myself that i may actually do it this time.... i do not have a plan, just keep having errant thoughts while i am driving to just go into a lake or off a cliff or stuff like that... i am scaring myself.. i am at my wit's end
as i type this, i have no idea where i am going to begin. i am going to press enter twice and type everything on my mind. this could be the last thing i write.numbness is one of the most consistent things in my life so far. ever since i was young, panic attacks and depression, possibly ptsd always stayed with me. everyone knew me, but who really knew me? i slid away to bathrooms when i needed to cry. when i felt a panic attack coming on, i always found myself on the closet floor. solitude was what i needed to get through the tough times. i find myself here again in a familiar place. a room. any room. a room where i am alone. a room where, amidst all of the rooms, i simply exist. and it does not feel like much more.i have to say that i did think that i have changed. i look back though, and i have nothing to show for it. i never really could see a future for myself. if you were to ask me when i was 18 where i would be when i was 23 how old i am now , i would not have known. i always felt out of place. even the times where i am in place, i know it is temporary.the worst thing to ever happen to me was losing my ability to feel emotions. i want to cry. i want to cry and mourn the things that have happened to me, things that i continue to push through. i do not want to be strong anymore. even when i am feeling weak i am forced to be strong because i cannot feel my emotions or cry for more than ten seconds without forcing myself.i do not want to be strong and have someone make me feel weak. i do not want to give anyone the benefit of the doubt anymore. i do not want to have a good time until i am shot down. i do not want to have to look at my debts, wonder how i am even going to pay them and buy weed instead. i am tired of not being able to afford a therapist. i am tired of not having anyone to go to. i am tired of being the person to go to for your problems even when i never tell you mine. i am tired of being the person to always listen instead of being listened to. i am so fucking tired of being talked to like i am stupid. i am tired of being stuck in a cycle. i am tired of talking to people i do not want to talk to. i am tired of seeing black people suffer. i am tired of trying my best for not much in return... i am tired of thinking of so many things that make me tired.it is exhausting to be tired. i want to sleep and never be tired again. i thought i was doing better until i was not. that is how it always happens. sneak attack. sometimes when i would have a good day, i would think, i never would have had this good day if i had killed myself. i hope in the future i do not kill myself. i do not even remember what the good days were.i do not know what they will be. i do not know if i want to wait around and find out. it is clear to me that, at 23 years old, this is life for me. no matter how much my circumstances change, no matter how much i change, i will always be the same in the same ways that i do not want to be the same. i always thought it would magically get better. now i am typing this for strangers to read even though it does not matter. nothing does and everything is bullshit suffering for no reason. we are all selfish viruses aiming to work ourselves to death for a society that will not even pay for our deaths. if i offed myself right now, my family would get a bill for 3000 for transportation of my body alone. fuck you, america. fuck everyone else too while i am at it. hanging on by a thread
throwaway account because my partner follows my main account and it might be compromised too, for reasons i will explain soon.i am 33 and currently in living as an immigrant in a eu country, not my own i hail from another continent , since 4 years or so with my fianc.i have health issues, both mental and physical, that prevent me from working since about 2 years ago cptsd, clinical depression, burnout, chronic pain due to severe injuries i received , i do not really speak the language here that well, partly because it took me over a year to become fluent and then because covid happened and i went months without seeing other human other than cashiers at the market or my partner so i lost a lot of proficiency.i am not saying he is a bad person or that he is isolating me, because he is been doing his best to take care of me. it is just... i have lost so much freedom here, i am unhappy and no one really takes my need for help seriously.i am not in contact with my family anymore because one of my parents is very dangerous, controlling and abused me since my childhood. like most abusers this parent projects a great public persona and divided the rest of the family in a either you support my side or are against me so most of my family cut contact with me to prevent drama with my parent. this person has tried to stalk me and threaten me if i speak up on their abuse, to the point of finding people i worked with years ago and using them as messengers.as you might guess i became overprotective of my privacy, i functionally do not have much of a social media presence anymore, take pictures or even talk to former friends much. i also do not have friends here either.i know my parent has stalked and found most of my social media accounts and tried to find my addresses when i move to another place no idea how they manage to do that but they have even found my landlord info twice in 6 years despite being in another country . imagine how bad this person is that i moved continents just to get away from them.i have been trying to get therapy here, but my partner thinks it is unnecessary and an unneeded expense. i cannot get treatment for my chronic pain for the same reasons, i cannot even speak of pain killers without being treated like an addict in our house.i probably fucked up coming here and i probably should have never done so i do not have anyone, i do not have friends, or family or anyone that can help me, i have no place to call home or to return to, i just feel so alone and trapped and isolated and i miss human contact so much i do not remember the last time i spoke with another human that was not a cashier. i wish i could escape but where to? there is nowhere.i just keep hearing this voice in my head telling me that if i kill myself i will not have to hurt anymore and i will be able to rest. i might be even lonelier but it might be better, i have not been pain free in so, so long.i am just so afraid of messing up because if i do i know i will face retaliation and things will just, somehow, be worse. everyday in this prison i see the kitchen knives and wish i could slice and dice myself into oblivion to escape this.i am in france but if you are going to suggest the local hotlines just do not, already tried that a while back and the guy just told me this is beyond my level and hung on me. i am having intrusive dark thoughts because i am isolated in a country that is not my own and have nowhere to return to
i have been doing worse and worse these last few weeks.i thought i needed a break from the people and things who stressed me out, but it just completely isolated me and now the mere thought of talking to anyone disgusts me to no end, even more than it did before.i am autistic. i have depression and generalized anxiety disorder. as you can imagine, it makes me an absolutely lovely person to be around and i am really tired of feeling like a burden, of being an inconvenience, of failing every social interaction.it exhausts me that i cannot stay on top of anything i always get submerged by stuff to do and think about in one aspect of my life, or all at once. social life, self care, health, work, education, housekeeping, it is all just too much. i feel like i am perpetually drowning. even if i try to take a break, my stupid brain does not get the concept of a break and it will just throw terrible thoughts at me every second of every single day and night.i have not cooked for myself in weeks. i guess i accidentally became a raw vegan since i have been living off of bell peppers, lettuce and tomatoes. i have vaguely looked at the pile of dishes this morning. the shower needs a good scrubbing but i can barely manage to wash my own body.i have had suicidal ideas for over 10 years now and i still have no clue how to manage them, no matter how many low points i have been able to somehow escape. i have tried the usual oh there is still so much to do and see but i feel like i have reached the end of this. why would i bother going to amazing places and doing fun and exciting stuff when i cannot appreciate anything? there is beauty all around me, yet i can see, hear, touch or taste none of it.i have always been able to survive every one of these rock bottom moments, as you can see. thing is, what even is the point of realizing you have not actually reached the end of your rope, if you know you are going to have a few days weeks of feeling okay, and then you will have to start all over again, over and over, until one day, these thoughts win?and yes, i have tried yoga, exercise, meditation, clean eating, therapy. i am afraid to get back on meds because if they do not work, then there will truly be no hope of ever, ever getting better.i just end up staring at the ceiling for hours on end. wondering, probably. i have no idea what i am even thinking of because as soon as a thought is half over, it is gone. i am wasting my life and i do not care. i simply do not want it anymore. i wish i could give all the years i might have left to someone who would enjoy them.i feel so ungrateful. i do not have the best of physical health, but it would be way worse. i have a beautiful apartment, a job that i love, cats that i adore. i have a bit of family that i can do with, i even have friends who are there for me. i feel like all of these people would be better off without me. i feel like offing myself would be an act of love, it would lift this weight right off of their lives.the reason i am still here is that i have my 2 cats. they are the absolute light of my life and i would do anything for them. including staying alive. there is no one who could adopt them and care for them properly, so, here i am. i was born with the goal to be useful to someone, and i will apparently stay alive for the exact same reason.i wish you all a better evening than mine.be gentle with yourselves. we are fragile creatures. i am just tired
i am okay, but this is something that i have been working on for a long time and am finally comfortable sharing it with people. its a poem from the perspective of my intrusive thoughts. psa this content mentions self harm, drug use and suicide. it might be upsetting to some people. intrusivesit down and stay here, in your comfort zone.despite what you are thinking, you are never alone.i will always be here to tell you, you are not a good person,i will tear at your insecurities and make your mental health worsen. do not worry if you are not worrying, i will place doubt in your mind,i will twist your thoughts up on everything, that you will never unwind.i think you will find thatyou do not belong here, at least not for long,you will collapse and crumble and never be strong. not strong enough ,anyway, to push me away,so here, in your comfort zone is where i will stay.i will stay and remind you of what you believe to be true,despite your efforts to remove me, i am stuck to you like glue.you can tear at me, you can scream, shout and cry,but here i will stay until the day that you die.you can try to get out, to walk and be free,but no matter where you go, you will always have me.i can tell you the truth, how you are horrid and judged,you are view of the future will always be smudged,you are not going places, you never will do,so you may as well stay here, ill help you feel blue.you will feel blue for the rest of your days,it is not temporary and it is not a phase.you do not deserve happiness, kindness or love,and though you may pray to those up above,i am the only one that hears you, so why should you try?when you can stay here with me, break down and cry.you lie, you sin, you will never fit in,i will always remind you you are rotten within.you are a bad person, partner, sister, daughter and friend,the truth is they would be better off if you were to end.ending your life is something i taunt you with often,and i will keep doing so until you decay in a coffin.some days i stay quiet, and let you believethat you can be happy, that you can perceivethis world in a positive way,but one day of silence will not keep me at bay.you sway with anxiety upon your shoulders,because my weight on your chest is the equivalent of boulders.you are never strong enough to carry me around,so you give up, crumble and fall to the ground.you can never hold your ground, its pathetic at best,and at worst you are nothing but low and depressed.i will have you cling to the past and have ptsd,and though you have therapy sessions , you will still always have me.i will dig up your past trauma, problems and regret, no matter how hard you try, i will not let you forget.i will provide drugs and alcohol to help you to cope,or maybe its to keep you on this declining slope,i am the rope around your neck, i will keep you restrained,until you finally jump, because i cannot be contained.you can take pills and punch walls to try set me free,but within the walls of your mind is where i always will be.now you take medication, to try calm me down,to flood me with chemicals and try make me drown,and although i am quiet now, i make barely a sound,one day i will return again, i am always around.and though you may have learned to leave your comfort zone,i will still always be here, when you feel alone.if you made it this far, thank you. it gets easier. and if you need help, please get it, those around you cannot afford to lose you. intrusive
i will try to keep my story short but i am also venting.my partner has suffered from depression for most of her life. she has endured child sexual abuse and never healed, and every time she got hurt throughout her life it just deepend that wound and reinforced the idea in her mind that people are abusive and out to hurt each other.because of certain events her depression has gotten worse throughout our relationship. at first it was anxiety attacks, or perhaps she hid the other stuff from me then. now i can see she is worse than ever after a relative died. she feels she is a burden to everyone, and mostly, she feels there is no hope, that she has been suffering like this for decades, and that there is no hope for her to ever get better and live a normal life.her average day is being constantly on edge and scared of everything. i can see in her eyes she is just exhausted. some days she just lies in bed, stiff as a board just looking at the ceiling and crying repeating i do not want this anymore over and over softly.recently talks of ending it have become somewhat frequent. i cannot force her to go to a health clinic, and i am in that situation where if i call them to pick her up she will not trust me again or experience it as another betrayal. in the end they will release her within a week or two and it all starts again, but then i will not be near to support her and that might be more dangerous.the other side of the coin is that i am also just a human. i am overworked, i get tired, i get annoyed sometimes. it is a lot to carry for me and i realize i am just not everything a person with severe depression could need. i am not always soft and understanding, i am not always right there to hold her hand. i feel for her, and this situation is in my head all day every day, but selfish as it is, i am also at that age where people generally go through a lot of big milestones and i have plans and goals for the future and they are all on hold. even though her safety is more important right now, i do feel frustrated because it feels like my life is so uncertain and stagnant.i just do not know what to do or how to deal with this situation.i do not know if i am even a good thing for her. sure i comfort her when she has anxiety attacks, and i do what i can to be supportive. but the very fact that we have a relationship is also putting pressure on her. she feels like she is not a good partner, like she is withholding sex from me. like she is taking away my chance at a good future. even though i try to tell her that is not the case, she still feels like that. the sex is a non issue. she is not a bad partner because she is going through depression i can live with all that. underneath she is an amazing person that i love to spend time with. but she is right about the other thing, i suppose. what if her depression never ends? what if truly she cannot ever overcome it and live a somewhat normal life. am i a horrible person for not being able to see that in my future? i have had that feeling for months now. i do not tell her any of this, because that is not something she should carry now. i am kind of just waiting it out and trying to have a good relationship and hoping that she does get better at least to some degree, so that those feelings end up irrelevant.i have so many emotions and most of them conflict some way or another. i do not know what to do anymore. how to care for someone on the edge?
i will try to keep my story short but i am also venting.my partner has suffered from depression for most of her life. she has endured child sexual abuse and never healed, and every time she got hurt throughout her life it just deepend that wound and reinforced the idea in her mind that people are abusive and out to hurt each other.because of certain events her depression has gotten worse throughout our relationship. at first it was anxiety attacks, or perhaps she hid the other stuff from me then. now i can see she is worse than ever after a relative died. she feels she is a burden to everyone, and mostly, she feels there is no hope, that she has been suffering like this for decades, and that there is no hope for her to ever get better and live a normal life.her average day is being constantly on edge and scared of everything. i can see in her eyes she is just exhausted. some days she just lies in bed, stiff as a board just looking at the ceiling and crying repeating i do not want this anymore over and over softly.recently talks of ending it have become somewhat frequent. i cannot force her to go to a health clinic, and i am in that situation where if i call them to pick her up she will not trust me again or experience it as another betrayal. in the end they will release her within a week or two and it all starts again, but then i will not be near to support her and that might be more dangerous.the other side of the coin is that i am also just a human. i am overworked, i get tired, i get annoyed sometimes. it is a lot to carry for me and i realize i am just not everything a person with severe depression could need. i am not always soft and understanding, i am not always right there to hold her hand. i feel for her, and this situation is in my head all day every day, but selfish as it is, i am also at that age where people generally go through a lot of big milestones and i have plans and goals for the future and they are all on hold. even though her safety is more important right now, i do feel frustrated because it feels like my life is so uncertain and stagnant.i just do not know what to do or how to deal with this situation.i do not know if i am even a good thing for her. sure i comfort her when she has anxiety attacks, and i do what i can to be supportive. but the very fact that we have a relationship is also putting pressure on her. she feels like she is not a good partner, like she is withholding sex from me. like she is taking away my chance at a good future. even though i try to tell her that is not the case, she still feels like that. the sex is a non issue. she is not a bad partner because she is going through depression i can live with all that. underneath she is an amazing person that i love to spend time with. but she is right about the other thing, i suppose. what if her depression never ends? what if truly she cannot ever overcome it and live a somewhat normal life. am i a horrible person for not being able to see that in my future? i have had that feeling for months now. i do not tell her any of this, because that is not something she should carry now. i am kind of just waiting it out and trying to have a good relationship and hoping that she does get better at least to some degree, so that those feelings end up irrelevant.i have so many emotions and most of them conflict some way or another. i do not know what to do anymore. how to care for someone on the edge?
i am curious if there are people who went trough a similar experience. i also sometimes wonder if behind some of the our of blue self inflicted deaths stands a similar urge.i will be try to make it as tight as possible..i was in my mid twenties, married and traveling the eastern hemisphere with stops here and there while doing photography. happy life, care free, lots of fun.one morning i woke in our small appart in sidney, my husband has already left for some work he was is photographer as well .a quiet, fairly normal morning. i do not remember if i took a coffee first or went directly under the shower , but when showering i felt a monstrously strong, sudden and above all never felt before desire to grab the razor on the nearby sink and cut my veins. a bit of prehistory as i would like to give a bit more in depth of my previous life. beautiful and calm childhood. loving and understanding parents and sibling. adventurous , but successful early adulthood. working and enjoying the profession i have still till. a unpleasant encounter with an abusive boyfriend four or more years ago constitute the biggest crise i have ever been trough and while i do not underestimate subsequent ptsd , i had more then enough time and help time to get over it. i have never before have been depressed, suicidal. at the time the vent happened, i was in my usual good mood, with great energy and excitement for the future. working on some really good images if i remember well..till today i cannot figure out how that came.standing under the shower and feeling like i am possessed. i fought hard. i knew it was not real. but god, it was wildly strong. i remember a strange, almost metal like taste in my mouth. i stopped the shower and went in front of the mirror and i started slapping my self. strong. it took some minutes before the urge started to dissipate. after i felt stabilized , i dressed and went out, walked from the sunny street to a nearby shop and bought my first snickers . for some reason i have never had one previously , not being a big one on peanuts. it tasted like heaven.the feeling gone i went to the lab where my husband was printing his work and told him the story , he was a bit shocked , but i do not think he got truly what happened. for quite a while i was afraid that the urge might hit me again. it never did. but it took years of self observation at the slightest reminder, taste or else. now, i wonder if this urge had happened to me at more dark moment. would i have had the strength to resist? much later in life , when sharing that moment with very close friend, he told me a story. a friend of his, a middle aged woman was visiting a new apartment to buy and when entering in the salon she felt an insane desire to hang herself from the ceiling lustre lampes . she was beyond herself with fear after that as it was so strong that she barely contained herself.could that be an explanation of sudden suicides ? the ones in which a person is happy hours before taking his her life?what was it? why did it hit me? why at that precise moment? like a mental virus ,externalor encoded in our brain and psychics, biding its time..if anyone who has been trough similar experience and you feel like sharing, you are more then welcome. thanks for reading totally unexpected desire to kill my self with no warning. had to fight it for 15mn before it went. it happen 22 years ago and never came back.
i am curious if there are people who went trough a similar experience. i also sometimes wonder if behind some of the our of blue self inflicted deaths stands a similar urge.i will be try to make it as tight as possible..i was in my mid twenties, married and traveling the eastern hemisphere with stops here and there while doing photography. happy life, care free, lots of fun.one morning i woke in our small appart in sidney, my husband has already left for some work he was is photographer as well .a quiet, fairly normal morning. i do not remember if i took a coffee first or went directly under the shower , but when showering i felt a monstrously strong, sudden and above all never felt before desire to grab the razor on the nearby sink and cut my veins. a bit of prehistory as i would like to give a bit more in depth of my previous life. beautiful and calm childhood. loving and understanding parents and sibling. adventurous , but successful early adulthood. working and enjoying the profession i have still till. a unpleasant encounter with an abusive boyfriend four or more years ago constitute the biggest crise i have ever been trough and while i do not underestimate subsequent ptsd , i had more then enough time and help time to get over it. i have never before have been depressed, suicidal. at the time the vent happened, i was in my usual good mood, with great energy and excitement for the future. working on some really good images if i remember well..till today i cannot figure out how that came.standing under the shower and feeling like i am possessed. i fought hard. i knew it was not real. but god, it was wildly strong. i remember a strange, almost metal like taste in my mouth. i stopped the shower and went in front of the mirror and i started slapping my self. strong. it took some minutes before the urge started to dissipate. after i felt stabilized , i dressed and went out, walked from the sunny street to a nearby shop and bought my first snickers . for some reason i have never had one previously , not being a big one on peanuts. it tasted like heaven.the feeling gone i went to the lab where my husband was printing his work and told him the story , he was a bit shocked , but i do not think he got truly what happened. for quite a while i was afraid that the urge might hit me again. it never did. but it took years of self observation at the slightest reminder, taste or else. now, i wonder if this urge had happened to me at more dark moment. would i have had the strength to resist? much later in life , when sharing that moment with very close friend, he told me a story. a friend of his, a middle aged woman was visiting a new apartment to buy and when entering in the salon she felt an insane desire to hang herself from the ceiling lustre lampes . she was beyond herself with fear after that as it was so strong that she barely contained herself.could that be an explanation of sudden suicides ? the ones in which a person is happy hours before taking his her life?what was it? why did it hit me? why at that precise moment? like a mental virus ,externalor encoded in our brain and psychics, biding its time..if anyone who has been trough similar experience and you feel like sharing, you are more then welcome. thanks for reading totally unexpected desire to kill my self with no warning. had to fight it for 15mn before it went. it happen 22 years ago and never came back.
for the last couple of days or a week ago my mental state starts to wavering. i have a habit of bottling things, and i am incredibly ashamed of not being functional nor useful. my partner, knowing that one of my episodes was coming up, tried his best to be there, comforting me, and given me a reality check. the more he cares, the more i am ashamed of being so low and useless. it was also a coincidence where we decided to stay an entire night through to restart our bio clock due to us being night owls, its an eventual fact that we would end up waking somewhere between 3 5pm before and also taking care of packing and preparations for university. the morning after making the night through i had an embarrassing panic attack while in a crowded open market. my boyfriend was beyond amazing at handling the mess that was me, and it helped for quite a bit. however, my mood soon went down again, with a phone call from my sibling broke me to my end. i became a leech, refusing to tell my bf what is wrong, getting irritated when he tries to show me something we were playing chess , and overall i was trying my best to not makes him more worried, with that backfired horrendously. my bf end up getting sick of my misery, said he tried everything but nothing worked, and he is beyond drained. i started getting angry and spiral even harder, thinking that i was right for bottling myself up, to not share my problems because of the damage i made. when i saw that he threw the chessboard in the trash, something snapped. i self harmed, weeping for apologies, and upon seeing that i was only a nuisance, wanted to flung myself out of the balcony. that is the kind of things a 17 years old girl would do, and besides we live on the 4th floor, so you will not die. also i have to clean the mess my corpse or blood afterwards, and i really do not want to. there is the next building which you can jump off from the 7th floor, and if you want i can walk you to there, but i am not cleaning the mess up. quote from my bf, which he is right. that unfortunately makes me spiral even harder, feeling like a defected tool, and must be eradicated. afterwards, even now i am trying to find a suitable cleaning group, so my bf will not need to clean up my mess if i did end up jumping. i am now in an ultimatum where if i leave the bedroom or from his sight, its a clean breakup. i am still confused why he is more upset when i said he does not need to take care of anything, he does not need to clean my mess. at the end, the two nights to restart our bioclock was a failure, my bf is burned out entirely and it was my fault and my unnecessary drama. i am sitting here fighting in my head in shame a guilt, trying to not kill myself. but knowing that problems, nuisances and burdens need to be eradicated, so everyone around me including my bf would be happy again i am constantly crying and trying not to kill myself.i am not sure if he would break up with me, and i will not blame him if he does, but i am desperately need to be the functional and hard working gf again, or i have to eradicate myself for good to contain the failures and burdens from spreading again to my bf.long story short, shitty depressive gf bothers her bf to the mac with her pretentious suicide attempt. i feel like my logics have some hole on it currently, so i really need some perspectives. stupid suicide attempt self harm with tired partner
i literally have no clue why the hell i am writing here... this is pissing me off... i guess i have some questions but there is part of me scared that rather than me getting demotivated and turned away from my thoughts, i might actually give others bad ideas. whatever...it is just beyond frustration to google the so many versions of the same question, which might be obvious since i am writing in this sub, and then get the same fucking results every single time just from different websites with the same retarded self help ideas that do not work btw! .but i digress... so here is the meat of the issue there is absolutely no point to life and or living. living makes zero sense and the only logical thing to do is death. and the more i try to distance myself from this shit the more it pursues me. i cannot see the point of life and living, which is not even the biggest issue in and of itself, but i can see a truckload of reasons to die. guess that is where i am at no reasons to live, but too many to count to end it.wherever i google reasons to keep going, all that comes up is stuff like tomorrow is another day , it is going to get better if you give it some time and just get through today . hey asshole! how about after 3.000 literally another day that sentence seems more like a threat than a message of hope? how about it not getting better? how about getting through today is the very reason for this? there is only so many todays you can get through.some are even worse, like try new things , change how you do things and jesus loves you . the first two basically do not even consider that it might go both ways, whereas the last... not even going to address it. honestly, i guess if i could believe however i cannot, and also am conflicted about it then it would trick me into the whole divine plan kind of thing which, as stupid as it is, at least would make it all make sense.also why bother going to a shrink? to what? get myself pumped up on drugs that will numb me and, supposedly, get me through another 30 years of this shit? it is not like it would solve the core issue. it would not provide for immortality, hence still ending up in the same place through different means, nor would it give life purpose. so to speak, ignoring truth does not make it less true.i do realize most of the mainstream stuff has the purpose of getting the people who are going through a specific moment and after that they can go back to normal . but what about... people like... me? those for whom this is normal . it is abhorrent to think that once all the layers of bs are stripped, all that is left is a world of pain, nothingness, suffering and decay. and if you think i am selfish well fuck you! had i been selfish probably my life would not have been the total shitshow that it was is, and i would not be here mentally, not on reddit .is it really eating, sleeping, sex, work, drugs and defecating all there really is to life? and do not give me the whole human emotions crap, we all know those are just chemicals released by our bodies and easily created in a lab to make us perceive something that logically is not there. it is so bad to be in the tunnel and realize the light is a lie pardon the lame videogame homage .i feel pretty pathetic for writing this, but at this point might aswell post it and see if someone has an answer to offer. no idea why i am doing this but looking for an answer
i literally have no clue why the hell i am writing here... this is pissing me off... i guess i have some questions but there is part of me scared that rather than me getting demotivated and turned away from my thoughts, i might actually give others bad ideas. whatever...it is just beyond frustration to google the so many versions of the same question, which might be obvious since i am writing in this sub, and then get the same fucking results every single time just from different websites with the same retarded self help ideas that do not work btw! .but i digress... so here is the meat of the issue there is absolutely no point to life and or living. living makes zero sense and the only logical thing to do is death. and the more i try to distance myself from this shit the more it pursues me. i cannot see the point of life and living, which is not even the biggest issue in and of itself, but i can see a truckload of reasons to die. guess that is where i am at no reasons to live, but too many to count to end it.wherever i google reasons to keep going, all that comes up is stuff like tomorrow is another day , it is going to get better if you give it some time and just get through today . hey asshole! how about after 3.000 literally another day that sentence seems more like a threat than a message of hope? how about it not getting better? how about getting through today is the very reason for this? there is only so many todays you can get through.some are even worse, like try new things , change how you do things and jesus loves you . the first two basically do not even consider that it might go both ways, whereas the last... not even going to address it. honestly, i guess if i could believe however i cannot, and also am conflicted about it then it would trick me into the whole divine plan kind of thing which, as stupid as it is, at least would make it all make sense.also why bother going to a shrink? to what? get myself pumped up on drugs that will numb me and, supposedly, get me through another 30 years of this shit? it is not like it would solve the core issue. it would not provide for immortality, hence still ending up in the same place through different means, nor would it give life purpose. so to speak, ignoring truth does not make it less true.i do realize most of the mainstream stuff has the purpose of getting the people who are going through a specific moment and after that they can go back to normal. but what about... people like... me? those for whom this is normal. it is abhorrent to think that once all the layers of bs are stripped, all that is left is a world of pain, nothingness, suffering and decay. and if you think i am selfish well fuck you! had i been selfish probably my life would not have been the total shitshow that it was is, and i would not be here mentally, not on reddit .is it really eating, sleeping, sex, work, drugs and defecating all there really is to life? and do not give me the whole human emotions crap, we all know those are just chemicals released by our bodies and easily created in a lab to make us perceive something that logically is not there. it is so bad to be in the tunnel and realize the light is a lie pardon the lame videogame homage .i feel pretty pathetic for writing this, but at this point might aswell post it and see if someone has an answer to offer. no idea why i am doing this but looking for an answer
i posted this in r depression as well, but i figure this would be more appropriate. i always feel like i should not have any real reason to be depressed because i live in a first world country where there is an abudance of opportunity for anything you want. however, i have feelings of self doubt, pity, anxiety and a general low self esteem most of the time. i am 23 years old and i hate my life. i graduated in mechanical engineering in august 2020 and i still have not found a job in my field. this is partially the reason why my depression is bad. i have never had a girlfriend in my entire life and the last girl i tried to talk to ended up ghosting me. i do not particulary blame them either as it is my fault at the end of the day. i cannot beat the depression no matter how hard i try. i have followed every piece of advice i can take such as exercising, eating well, sleeping 8 hours a day, getting sunlight and i still feel like a piece of shit more and more.i would believe this might have to do with childhood teenage trauma that i have had. my brother was not the best person in my life, which sucks becasue up to when i was 13 years old, he was amazing and awesome. afterwards, he would because me a lot of physical abuse and mental abuse. he gave me two black eyes in school which many teachers would question if i was okay at home. i was not but i did not let them know that to protect my brother from receiving a bad reputation. i told my parents, but they did not really do anything about it besides a stern talking to my brother. he left me in 15 temperature one time for a few hours where i was just wandering the neighbourhood i live fairly far from any store so i did not really have a shelter . the thing that makes it worse is that he has a successful life with a loving wife and amazing friends. it makes me sad that people can harm others and still never receive any karma.the next factor is the amount of bullying i received as a kid from my former friends. surprisingly the ones who became my bully was my friend. this friend is very charismatic and good at getting friends himself. due to my shyness and having virtually no backbone, i became a really easy target when we started highschool as he was able to convince other kids to bully me as well. the bullying was not anything crazy, just name calling and making me look dumb a lot. however, they did this every day and it ended up taking a toll on me. these kids are also super successful now and have great relationships.i realized more in university how pathetic and below average i am to my peers. everyone else can do things much more easier than i can, have much more talents, and are generally smarter than me. i have extreme social anxiety and i always struggle showing my persoanlity around others. maybe it is a defense mechanism and i will be betrayed again. some good will hunting type of shit lol if it was not for tv shows and the internet, i would be a lot more depressed than i am now. i honestly believe i am a burden to everyone around me and my parents are making it more clear that they do not want me around since i have not obtained a job in my field and am sorta just coasting in life right now. thank you for reading this post if you have, but if not i understand as well.tl dr i am killing myself in a month and i generally do not have any actualy reason to want to keep living killing myself soon
close to midnight rant. i have been strugling with intense feelings and thoughts of despair, hopelesness, hatred, bla bla bla... the good stuff. but i have also had a lot of time to reflect on life, on personal desires, on the state of the world and the kind of people that we should be.i think we can all agree that current societal norms and stereotypes put a lot of stress on everybody, and they expect to make us less empathetic, be it to friends, peers, the working class, your competition. you have to be a shark, the lone wolf, a champion. empathy is, i am going to, the key to knowledge about all human related stuff. if we loose empathy, we loose our connection to humanity.i read your posts nobody listens to me , i do not know who to talk to , fuck this . its inmensely relatable and they bear a pattern a lot of people seek answers in others. advice, love, a bit of empathy. while these are essential elements in the daily lives of humans, i believe they cannot solve, maybe not even individually begin the process of healing we need. in my experience, advice from my family is quite nice to have, but it becomes meaningless in a matter of hours. love? it feels fake, not earned, like a convenient lie to ignore the abyss. if stuff like this works for you, that is fantastic! make it worth your while! but perhaps it is not your case it just wears out, it does not make you feel better. we need something more personal.there is something in each and every human that is fundamentally unique, confused and disturbed. and like moths we desperately seek some light to find out what is so complicated to understand and appreciate about ourselves. i have felt an inmense fear of never feeling truly comprehended, of not seeing myself completely in another persons eyes, of being more than myself. but such uniqueness cannot be decoded by others. that may be the only place where empathy will never exist, and that is... well, fine. we will never find the answer to what we must do or want solely trough foreign experiences and advice, we must partially rely on what makes us us, memories and fantasies, past and future. experience. to comprehend and coexist with life, we have to participate in it.of course, a lot of us hate the mere idea of self improvement or soul searching . after all, we tell ourselves all the time that we are not worth such hassle. and perhaps its also not worth doing it for others. but from where do we take this idea of needing worth or some kind of permission to just think? should that matter? why not just say fuck it in the sense of not caring about what we think of ourselves, because almost nobody really cares? and the few that do already have our backs, either we like it or not!i am not telling you that you should just stop caring about everything, or stop being a coward about introspection, or go cry a river to someone expecting to find the answer . after all, i started this talking about empathy. hell you can counter rant me all you want, if it just makes you feel a bit more relaxed. i do not know, i had a weird day and tomorrow i must hand over a lot of work. just breathe, almost nobody cares, the few that do care will help you if they can, and in the end you just do not know what could happen. what if. i like uncertainty altough i have terrible luck at uno haha . good night, get some rest. we are alone, and that is ok. rant for the lost ones.
i have never had a good relationship with my mental health.well, when i was very little i suppose things were ok but as i grew up things went downhill, i cannot recall a single moment when things went up even a little bit. the worst part is that overall i do not have a bad life, except for a few bumps in the road i do not think i was ever traumatized or ever went through any incident that made me the messed up person i became, and i have tried to pin point anything i could as the moment when things just started to go to shit but there is nothing, its like i was just always meant to end up like this, it was somehow a natural progression.somehow everything has lead up to this me, at 19 years of age, having meltdowns, that make me cry to hard my eyes sting and i get headaches after, every other day for weeks because i just want to die so badly. i never told my family about it, i did not want things between us to change specially because i have never really open to them about honestly anything in my life. half the time i am convinced they do not even know me as a person. ever since the ending of last year i have been stagnant with my college work and have been failing friends who were doing projects with me really bad, my mental health has gone down the drain and the only time i could possibly compare it to would be highschool when i did attempt to end my life, albeit in a very stupid way and that i honestly think i sabotaged myself. but now its different because back then i did not even realize how sick i was, now tho? i have asked for almost a month and a half for my parents to take me to a therapist, day after day asking them about it i am almost begging them at this point because i can see how rotten my head is becoming and idk what to do. idk what i can do. i have had another meltdown this morning because i spent the entire night up anxious because i cannot bring myself to finish any small task i have been given from the projects i am in and then the suicidal thoughts came into the mix, i kept asking myself why they cannot just make the appointment i have been insisting on for so many weeks now and there is no answer because i do not fucking know. my head keeps going over the same point and has been for years why tf am i still alive when there is nothing for me to live for?i cannot bring myself to think of even one thing worth living for. i love my family and my friends but dedicating an entire life to holding on just to not hurt them is no way to live. i am a selfish asshole sure but how can anyone look at me and tell me i got to live for the sake of others? if it were that easy i would have just done everything everyone ever expected of me, i would have gone to med school to please my parents or whatever the fuck else they wanted from me.i keep asking myself what else is there of good in the world, what can i look out for? and i come up empty because no matter how nice something is, in my head a lifetime of this distress is nor worth some occasional happy moments here and there. i do not have a plan and i do not think i am going to attempt anything but i just feel so terrible, its like a part of me keeps poking me into considering it and i cannot stop going over those thoughts no matter what i try, i am just hopeless at this point, and i have nowhere else to turn to.sorry for the long post. i do not know what to do anymore
hello.i am sorry for taking up the time of whoever is reading this. but i have to get this off my chest, or just something to leave behind if i decide to end everything this week.i am from a third world country. i am a college student and my life came spiralling down ever since i joined college 3 years ago. i used to think college was going to be my starting point of a better life. heh..boi was i wrong. i am from a middle class family, ever since childhood i have been having issues with managing my stress and anxiety. i am really not good at taking decisions. so as to choose my college, i just chose the one that looked good i guess. it cost a lot for the admission, but my family was supportive of me. the first year was fine, good almost, i got to know a few people i started involving myself with others. the 2nd year, i started relapsing to my anxiety because for the first time in my life, i failed at my subjects. that is where things started coming spiralling down. the year went the same way, my grades kept falling and in my third year, i fucked up really bad. my anxiety was at its maximum limits so could not study for the final exam, so i took the decision of cheating. i have cheated before, but not to this extent. i am not really good at it either. and i got caught during the exam. they failed me instantly and now i have to clear the subjects in my fourth and final year or else i am not graduating. the getting caught moment has traumatized me. i cannot sleep properly anymore. everytime i shut my eyes, i see the lecturer who caught me stealing and i get terrible anxiety hits. i live with my mother who is often sick one way or the other. i wanted to study hard and get a good job so i can help her. but all that came crashing down again. now in my final year, i could not complete my internship and the submission of the report is this week. so now i cannot do it, any it takes up half my grades. so i will not be graduating for sure. all these 4 years and the money that my family spent have gone to waste. my sister on the other hand is successful in her life and she has gotten a good job.i feel like i am a black mark in her life. and now i am going to become a bigger mark as the brother who could not graduate and wasted 4 years.i do not want her to suffer from my mistakes, i do not want my family to suffer for my mistakes. the society i live in is notorious for looking down on people who failed at achieving their goals. the concept of depression and anxiety does not exist here. they think it is just another excuse for being lazy.my anxiety level is going through the roof. i cannot handle it anymore. i am afraid i might hurt my family if i go insane. so i want to end it all before that happens. my life, it is been a wild ride. there is a ton of stuff i wanted to do before i go. i do not want to die, i am scared. i have tried killing myself multiple times unknown to my family, but i was too scared to go all the way. but i have to do it. there is no way out, either i stay a burden or i let my family live happy. they are going to miss me for sometime but eventually they will move on.this is me signing off guys. i am 22. my birthday is on february, damn i wanted to go out on 25 to round it off. but i guess this is it. do not make the same mistakes i did. and help others in need . i do not want to do it, but i have to.
i am just so tired, been for a while, but i tried at least.. streaming especially helped me feel i was doing something with my life and having a schedule stuff to do helped a lot as well.. but after the previous week with my friend who visited me i am just done really.. with everything.. now that he has left i have been binge eating and drinking alcohol to get drunk on a daily basis as well.. streaming is also gone now, and i doubt anyone cares either.. about streaming or me really.. i am just so weak, have so many issues, i am beaten down over and over and i just cannot handle it anymore. i also seem to have some ptsd now. anything that feels like a touch including my own clothes at times, or even seeing guys touch girls makes me flinch or freeze up and feel terrible, and i fear guys even more now than before as well, even hearing guys breathe in a certain way now on dramas or movies i watch makes me feel quite unwell.. does not help i am ugly as usual. got called sir at the store today even though my friends tell me i am pretty.. right.. also does not help people keep staring at me like crazy non stop. my friend confirmed this, so i know it is not just me imagining things.. my age regression stuff does not help either.. wish i got carded for my age, but i look probably 30s or 40s.. have not been carded since i was like 15.. lmao.. myriad of other issues, but bringing them up with nurses, doctors, psychiatrists, psychologists does not do anything, or they treat it as if it is a normal thing.. e.g. me mentioning dissociation and i just get applauded for the effort i have done so far based on my own research as usual, sigh.. i tend to learn a lot on my own whenever i need to help someone, can help someone or face my own issues i need to resolve.. had to solve a lot of medical issues this way as well, since the entire system here in denmark has just failed me, or doctors are openly hostile to me because i am a foreigner.. meds for me also never worked, i tried so many and they all ruined me completely. only diet and lifestyle ever worked for me in any way, but can be hard to maintain when you fear going outside and when you spiral one day or friends family make you eat stuff you never eat normal ly, and then spiral downwards starts.. i get very easily addicted.. already been thinking of various methods and where to go or get stuff, even thinking of a suicide note for the past several days.. as much as i want to say i will admit myself like last year was forced there, though i will not. it would be extremely traumatic to me was quite difficult and make things even worse afterwards.wish the pain would stop, but it is been lifelong and there is no help because i have been pooped on by so many people growing up, and now i am just broken completely, and things just get more difficult as i get older as well, which does not help.. how long am i supposed to wait.. 50 years to maybe get a tiny bit of longer term happiness..?i keep hoping i can get blackout drunk almost at least and end it, but my tummy just refuses to drink that much and i get drunk only.. wish i had someone who understood me, but they do not exist. they simply do not. not someone with as many complex issues as me.. they might have a part here or there that they can relate to, but never even half or a majority of it.. tired amp ruining my life further
hi everyone, i am sorry to put this much baggage on your shoulders but i have nowhere else to go and could use a little bit of empty as i cannot bear this anymore.i am almost 30 years old, i have been struggling with depression for the last 16 years, always on and off, some days are great some others are unbearable pain and suffering, it is such a horrible roller coaster of emotions that i cannot handle anymore.these last 6 years were great, i only felt suicidal a couple of times which was a breathe of fresh air, i spent those 6 years with my beautiful girlfriend, i thought to myself, this is it, i am here to stay, this is my calling, my reason to be here, to love this woman to the very end, i pictured us together, grey hair and wrinkles, sat next to each other just watching the sun set, happy...i poured my heart and soul on this relationship, i changed jobs multiple times every time taking a step forward in my career, i started working out, even when there was a discussion the last thing i would say at night was i love you i avoided anything that would make her uncomfortable, never gave her a reason to be jealous, we had our differences and would get into trouble for that but i would encourage open communication, sometimes it worked...yet i am still back here in this sub, after 6 years she put an end to the relationship, she was not feeling loved anymore, what did i did wrong, in trying to understand, i found out she started to talk to a guy in another country, she blocked me from social media so i could not see what she posts, we still talk we are still intimate but there is this hollowness growing inside me, she has made it clear, we are not meant to be together, i feel used, i feel robbed, i feel alone, everyday the pain just grows and grows, it is impossible to handle, i feel so broken again, it is so painful to just breath, this pressure in my chest, the hollow breaths, the frustration, the anxiety, hell i am even typing this during a meeting, i am not functional anymore, i do not want to grow older anymore, i am scared i might lose my job, i do not have anyone to listen to me, i realize i was just trying to find temporary solutions to a permanent problem, i do not fit in this world and i cannot force myself to try to fit anymore, last week i tried therapy but it is too late for me, the trauma of this pain will haunt me forever. everyone night before i go to sleep i spend at least 3 hours crying my eyes out, i try to choke myself with a belt but the fear stops me every time, it is been 3 weeks like this, i wish i could just stop breathing, but i feel guilty, i feel guilty just for being alive and i feel guit, i do not want to leave my mother alone, i would rather die by an illness of accident so she could cash out my life insurance but i am too healthy to die like that, why do i feel like this? she was never a good parent, i mean she tried i guess, i do not know, it just pains me to see my pictures as a child and see what i have become, no one deserve to live like this yet here i am, i hope this will be my last day, i have bought a helium tank and wish i have the will to carry on with this, if the fear takes over again, i guess i will see you around, but it do not get to read you again i wish you all find the peace you are looking forthank you for your time cannot handle this anymore
i am eighteen and just recently had been kicked out of moved out of my household with nowhere to go. i was at my highest point, hanging out with friends at six flags and enjoying my time. for the first time in a while, i was genuinely happy. it all vanished the moment my mothers boyfriend called to cuss me out mother refused to understand my pleas for respect. i know this seems minuscule, but imagine 18 years of a lack of empathy and emotional understanding. 18 years of your life without break. the toll it takes on a human? i have always been pushing back my suicide for another day, another year, for when life gets good. my biggest motivator in going on was the future. but that subtle reminder told me all i needed to know. i was set up for failure by those who were made to love me, the fact that i was never loved, done wrong multiple times, and there is no way of escaping it. no way of turning back the time. even if i get rich, married, even live my dream life, ill always be haunted by everything that is happened to me. ill always be haunted by the fact that i have failed in some way...some aspect. i am fucked emotionally and while i forgive and love some of my family and the people in my life , i will never forget them for staring at a child in the face and deciding to allow what happened to them. to look at my blatant cries for help and turn a blind eye simply because it was not convenient for them. i do not want to wait for the good to happen because its always fleeting. every time i am in a good place, wether it be 1 second or 1 year ill always have the eerie feeling that creeps up on me...reminding me that a traumatic and bad experience is just right around the corner waiting to strike. i cannot be happy without sadness wishing to steal the spotlight. its hopeless and there is really nothing i can do about it. i do not want to live like this anymore. i do not want to grow old. i do not want to settle for a life of unhappiness just to prevent the temporary hurt of the few that care for me. id rather bite the bullet and die now so i do not end up 45, wishing i had done it sooner, but being trapped because of those around me. i am young and relatively free so why not now? do not get me wrong, i love my close friends, my sisters, my father, maybe even my mother...but i think they will be okay with me being gone after the initial period of grief. i think my suicide would maybe even bring them closer help them. i hope so. and if it does not then the blame is on me. i wish it was not this way, but it is.i am at a friend house currently and waiting to inevitably get dropped off at my mothers boyfriends house. when i am home ill either turn around and run into oncoming traffic jump off a high rise building. or take a shitload of pills after getting yelled at for a final time so i can end up being one last inconvenience for my mother and her life. so those that traumatized me can watch me die and see the blood on their hands, and maybe finally ill be heard. but that would be asking too much. i just want to die. i do not want to feel anymore. i will not have to feel anymore.to those reading and wishing to do the same. do not. stay alive. please have more care for yourself and do not end up like me. take this as a cautionary tale. i love you all. goodbye. its been nice. i love you all. goodbye.
there is my girlfriend, but i am terrified ill mess it up, i am scared that my self harm is going to make her want to leave me, and even though its online, she makes me feel safe and actively cared fori have all my friends, both real life and online, and they have known i struggle with feeling accepted into friend groups, especially since middle school, i got bullied and called fat and disgusting by people who used to be my friends, so my current ones have included me as much as they can, even if we do not listen to the same music, have same hobbies, i am still apart of the group, and i have never felt so happy in my lifei have my family, my two younger brothers are the sweetest and nicest little boys i have ever met, but both my mom and stepdad want me gone, they are both abusive and do not care if i kill myself, my stepdad told me i was a coward and i should stop saying ill do it and just do it if that is what i wantand to admit it, i do want to kill myself actively almost everyday because of them both, and i do self harm on my arms daily, multiple times every few hours, all because of just them mostlyi also have my cousin but my abusive stepdad is trying to cut off all family so it would be just my mum, my brothers and ii fought tooth and nail to get a therapist and she is been the nicest woman ever, but i feel like cannot tell her anythjng because my stepdad will threaten to kill me or shoot himself if my brothers get taken away, everytime my mum tried leaving him when i was younger, he would say he would hunt us down and take back his kids his kids being my brothers, not me, just them. he manipulated my mum too, she was not the greatest, but she was still a mother towards me when i was a kid, but ever since he came into my life she stopped caring about me almost entirely and never sides with me anymore, never notices how my stepdad manipulates her into listening to him or doing what he wantsmy mum got us into a womens shelter, but my stepdad would call everyday and night, he harassed my sntire moms side of the family, tried tracking us to find out where we were, he manipulated me into begging my mum to come home, and we did, then shortly after, the druggie neighbour we had would visit every day, and after we found out he was sexually abusing my brothers, he fled the country, and my stepdad focused entirely on my brothersmy mum listens to everything my stepdad says now, hes made her believe i am a no good slut i have never had sex in my life. , he kicks me out almost every week now and takes my phone so i cannot call my friends or family for help, so i end up going back. hes made my mum believe that it was my fault my brothers got abused by our neighbour because i was manipulated into going homei want to be taken away, i am only 15 but everyday since i was 7 i have hurt myself, i have tried killing myself, i do not feel happy with myselfi literally want to die, to take a knife and end it, but i do not want to make the people in my life who actually care about me cry, for them to feel upset, i just want my parents to be replaced, but i do not want to ruin my younger brothers' lives by having them put in an abusive foster homeim sorry for venting so much, its just, why is everything so fucking hard i have many reasons to live but i still want to kill myself daily
i had a really horrible day. i have been taking a new medication for anxiety and have had depression and suicidal ideation in the past, but it has not been a major issue for some time, just very mild. today, my friend who is watching my dog lost her for 3 hours. my ex boyfriend still has a number on one of her tags so i called him to tell him to answer the phone if he gets an out of state number. luckily my dog was found, but my ex told me my friend was incredibly mad at me, and it turns out that my friend was pissed at me for underlying resentments about feeling unappreciated and the dog fiasco brought it to a head. my ex took this opportunity to try to resume communication with me and continued calling me throughout the day, and saying lots of things that he probably thought were benign, but were making me feel terrible and i kept telling him i was overwhelmed and upset because of my friend's sudden anger at me and a sense that i was a terrible person, because this friend is like family to me. my ex kept calling me and our conversation got more and more complicated and heated, and he ended up telling me i was burning bridges with anyone that cared about me, that i was selfish, that i did not appreciate anything he had done for me. we broke up over a year ago actually because he drank a lot and would yell at me and make me cry often, but for the last year after our breakup, he is been trying to 'improve' himself and 'repair' things with us, which i have not really been open to but felt guilty and continued lines of communication with him, which i regret doing because i am starting to realize that he can be manipulative and makes me feel awful. our last conversation i kept trying to get off the phone, and he got more and more angry because he could tell, and i finally told him that apparently, i was an awful person and crazy, and he said, 'well all my friends think so' and i said, if i am so crazy why do not you leave me the fuck alone? he hung up on me, and i messaged my friend telling my friend i was sorry if he ever felt unappreciated, i told him i had had a really bad day, was having a bit of a breakdown, and that i had been feeling suicidal today only today, i had not had a serious feeling in a while and my friend told me that he felt our friendship was built on a dysfunctional foundation. i started to feel like the foundation of my relationships my friends, since i am estranged from my family was all based on dysfunction and it was my fault. i started wishing i had the guts to take my life, and for hours ruminated over the pain and wish that i could have the courage to go through with it. after hours of agony, i called the suicide hotline, and within just a short amount of time i started to feel better. but yesterday was a complete waste, a complete drain, emotional and phsyical. i have so much work to do for school and for research in general, and i feel like my breakdown has set me back and i just cannot figure out how to get back on track. i feel almost like a hangover today i did not drink yesterday but just one beer, which i made myself throw up because my stomach was hurting so badly but an emotional stress hangover. i need to get back to work. how do you try to get back to normal life after such a tumultous day?? how to refocus after a disastrous day?
i had a really horrible day. i have been taking a new medication for anxiety and have had depression and suicidal ideation in the past, but it has not been a major issue for some time, just very mild. today, my friend who is watching my dog lost her for 3 hours. my ex boyfriend still has a number on one of her tags so i called him to tell him to answer the phone if he gets an out of state number. luckily my dog was found, but my ex told me my friend was incredibly mad at me, and it turns out that my friend was pissed at me for underlying resentments about feeling unappreciated and the dog fiasco brought it to a head. my ex took this opportunity to try to resume communication with me and continued calling me throughout the day, and saying lots of things that he probably thought were benign, but were making me feel terrible and i kept telling him i was overwhelmed and upset because of my friend's sudden anger at me and a sense that i was a terrible person, because this friend is like family to me. my ex kept calling me and our conversation got more and more complicated and heated, and he ended up telling me i was burning bridges with anyone that cared about me, that i was selfish, that i did not appreciate anything he had done for me. we broke up over a year ago actually because he drank a lot and would yell at me and make me cry often, but for the last year after our breakup, he is been trying to 'improve' himself and 'repair' things with us, which i have not really been open to but felt guilty and continued lines of communication with him, which i regret doing because i am starting to realize that he can be manipulative and makes me feel awful. our last conversation i kept trying to get off the phone, and he got more and more angry because he could tell, and i finally told him that apparently, i was an awful person and crazy, and he said, 'well all my friends think so' and i said, if i am so crazy why do not you leave me the fuck alone? he hung up on me, and i messaged my friend telling my friend i was sorry if he ever felt unappreciated, i told him i had had a really bad day, was having a bit of a breakdown, and that i had been feeling suicidal today only today, i had not had a serious feeling in a while and my friend told me that he felt our friendship was built on a dysfunctional foundation. i started to feel like the foundation of my relationships my friends, since i am estranged from my family was all based on dysfunction and it was my fault. i started wishing i had the guts to take my life, and for hours ruminated over the pain and wish that i could have the courage to go through with it. after hours of agony, i called the suicide hotline, and within just a short amount of time i started to feel better. but yesterday was a complete waste, a complete drain, emotional and phsyical. i have so much work to do for school and for research in general, and i feel like my breakdown has set me back and i just cannot figure out how to get back on track. i feel almost like a hangover today i did not drink yesterday but just one beer, which i made myself throw up because my stomach was hurting so badly but an emotional stress hangover. i need to get back to work. how do you try to get back to normal life after such a tumultous day?? how to refocus after a disastrous day?
i just want to die already. i want it all to stopi know it does not matter how much hormones or surgeries i get i am still a disgusting malei'll never look like a womani'll never look like my momi'll never look like my aunts, my grandma, my girl cousinsi'll always look like a completely hideous creature trying to mask myself as an actual woman when i am noti'm 17 and yet i already feel like my body is so disgustingly masculinized that i should not even attempt to change it anymore and just bury myself along with all my miseryi can count on very little people to even say that. my family is too conservative for me to ever even think about coming out they would probably disown me , only some of my closest friends know this almost all girls . i cannot count on anyone to support mei think constantly about just getting the chance to get the money and go into hrt already, probably move in with some friends just to be able to afford to get as far away as i can from family not because i dislike them in any way, they just would never approve of my transition but honestly each day the option of just quitting life for good seems more temptingmaybe i just have not done it because i am scared of what comes after, because i do not want to break the hearts of those who will be left behind although sometimes i think it would be easier on my family than me trooning out my dad and stepmom will get me a little sister this year and i am so excited to see her grow up and to be there for her, yet i do not know if i could keep living a single week of this torturei know my family has a history of suicides, most notably my paternal grandmother just months before i was born. i do not want dad to feel the pain of losing someone so dear like this again. he says he could only carry on after his mother's death because he was about to have a kid, that i am the only reason he is still here. i could not bring myself to break the heart of someone i love so much this way, but i just genuinely cannot bear this pain and i know he would hate any path in life that i genuinely wanti just wish so, so hard that i was born cisi've tried to repress, i have tried to pray it away, i have tried to man up , but nothing fucking works. i get so furious at myself because i just cannot help it. i cannot help feeling so out of place among my male peers. i cannot help acting so effeminately that i needed to be constantly corrected all my life to act like a boy . i cannot help wanting so much to look and be like a normal girl my age, instead of being a mentally ill borderline insane disgusting good for nothing malei whine so much for someone in such a privileged position as a lower but still middle class white teenager. i cannot even enjoy this because of my mental delusioni just wish with all my might that another person could take my place and i could stop existing. would be so much easier on everyonedad, mom, i am so sorry i could not be the son you wantedi cannot even stand my own self pity anymore, but i cannot even decide if it is really worth it to keep on livingdoes it really get better? or do we get better at pretending it is fine?my headaches are bdcoming unbearable and i cannot keep on going. plus, my hands are getting tired from typing.i just want it all to end, one way or another being trans fucking sucks
i have never made a post on reddit, but i feel like now is an okay time to tryas per the title i am 21 years old male and i am starting to go bald. i do not want to make this post too long or anything but this really is the last thing i need right now and all of my suicidal thoughts are coming back and i do not know what to do. growing up i had almost no self esteem, i am barely 5'5 in a family of tall people and up until last year i was overweight. i have struggled with depression since i was 14 as well, and i let myself go all through high school. i am gay, and still not out of the closet, so i had no reason to want to even try to look nice up until last year.i decided that i was sick of being lonely so i started to work on myself, i got in shape, i bought clothes for the first time in three years or so, and i started to do my hair for once. it was all going great, and i started to feel pretty good about myself. up until three or four months ago, when my hair started to fall out in droves. i went from having a thick, nice head of hair, to now being at the point that you can pretty much see my scalp no matter how i do my hair. i am devastated. just when i started to care about myself, and try to get out and meet people, and maybe even start trying to date, this has to happen. i have gone to my doctor and got blood work and all that, and the verdict is it is genetic and just coming on strong. i do not have money for implants, and even if some ointment or whatever works my hair is already so far gone i am afraid it will not ever be the same. i do not want to do this anymore. every time i start to feel happy or at peace with myself something happens and tears me down to nothing. all i can think about is killing myself now, again. the medicine does not work at all. i have tried a cocktail of anti depressants and this always happens. there is no happy pill, life is always going to suck no matter what my attitude towards it is. it feels like someone is watching me in some truman show scenario and fucking with aspects of my life to drive me to suicide. i am so alone, and losing my hair is the nail in the coffin. i work construction, do not interact with anyone but my boss, one coworker and my family, and i am unattractive. i am going to be alone for the rest of my life. my teens and 20s were supposed to be the happiest of my life and i have only spent them miserable. i do not want to live another 50 60 years like this.the good moments just have not been worth dealing with all the misery to get to them. i cannot love myself no matter how hard i try, i do not want to hurt myself but i am breaking down so badly right now. i have been banging my stupid head on the walls in my room so hard i have a headache still, i cannot stop thinking about how ugly i am. i keep randomly bursting into tears in my room alone and then calming down and then sobbing again 10 minutes later. this is high school all over again and i do not want this. there is so much else on my mind right now besides the hair but the hair is what is finally pushing me over the edge. i am trying my best to appear normal for my family and not depressed but inside i am a complete wreck and it is only getting worse and worse and worse and worse and i cannot take this anymore going bald at 21 is the final straw
i have never made a post on reddit, but i feel like now is an okay time to tryas per the title i am 21 years old male and i am starting to go bald. i do not want to make this post too long or anything but this really is the last thing i need right now and all of my suicidal thoughts are coming back and i do not know what to do. growing up i had almost no self esteem, i am barely 5'5 in a family of tall people and up until last year i was overweight. i have struggled with depression since i was 14 as well, and i let myself go all through high school. i am gay, and still not out of the closet, so i had no reason to want to even try to look nice up until last year.i decided that i was sick of being lonely so i started to work on myself, i got in shape, i bought clothes for the first time in three years or so, and i started to do my hair for once. it was all going great, and i started to feel pretty good about myself. up until three or four months ago, when my hair started to fall out in droves. i went from having a thick, nice head of hair, to now being at the point that you can pretty much see my scalp no matter how i do my hair. i am devastated. just when i started to care about myself, and try to get out and meet people, and maybe even start trying to date, this has to happen. i have gone to my doctor and got blood work and all that, and the verdict is it is genetic and just coming on strong. i do not have money for implants, and even if some ointment or whatever works my hair is already so far gone i am afraid it will not ever be the same. i do not want to do this anymore. every time i start to feel happy or at peace with myself something happens and tears me down to nothing. all i can think about is killing myself now, again. the medicine does not work at all. i have tried a cocktail of anti depressants and this always happens. there is no happy pill, life is always going to suck no matter what my attitude towards it is. it feels like someone is watching me in some truman show scenario and fucking with aspects of my life to drive me to suicide. i am so alone, and losing my hair is the nail in the coffin. i work construction, do not interact with anyone but my boss, one coworker and my family, and i am unattractive. i am going to be alone for the rest of my life. my teens and 20s were supposed to be the happiest of my life and i have only spent them miserable. i do not want to live another 50 60 years like this.the good moments just have not been worth dealing with all the misery to get to them. i cannot love myself no matter how hard i try, i do not want to hurt myself but i am breaking down so badly right now. i have been banging my stupid head on the walls in my room so hard i have a headache still, i cannot stop thinking about how ugly i am. i keep randomly bursting into tears in my room alone and then calming down and then sobbing again 10 minutes later. this is high school all over again and i do not want this. there is so much else on my mind right now besides the hair but the hair is what is finally pushing me over the edge. i am trying my best to appear normal for my family and not depressed but inside i am a complete wreck and it is only getting worse and worse and worse and worse and i cannot take this anymore going bald at 21 is the final straw
for context. i am a young adult under 25. i choose not to disclose my age because i am paranoid that this might come across someone i know. and let us call my boyfriend m. m and i have been together for around a little over a year now. the story i will tell you happened either at the very first month of our relationship or before we were even official. so for context. at january 2020 before i knew m i went on to omegle to chat with strangers. specifically sext with them. admittedly in my mind i always viewd sexting as watching porn. especially if it is with a stranger, it is like watching a cam show. but everytime i did it i felt awful and guilty afterwards, just like with porn. i only did this two three times. here comes m. i liked him a lot, but with covid and whatnot we could not meet properly. as i am writing this i am going through a stressful period in my life, and i wish this memory was the only unpleasant one to arrise. but this is the one that shocked me the most. as i lay in my bed, in the middle of a panic attack a few weeks ago my brain suddenly had the thought you are a cheater and i thought back no i am not! i would never cheat on m . and then my brain thought yeah you are, remember the last time you sexted how guilty you felt for m? . i was mortified. i had completely forgotten about the last time i sexted.i went on omegle and found a random stranger with whom we sexted. at the time my mind was still thinking of sexting like watching porn. but then something clicked. when i send a breast pic back i realised, what the hell, this is an actual person on the other screen. so i deleted that picture, my account and completely left the sexting game. as i destroyed my account, along with it were destroyed any evidence of when this event took place. after searching i have come to two possible scenarios. it happened in march when we just knew each other or it happened in october which i doubt it because october was was warmer than march and i was wearing very fuzzy clothes . now after this thought came to my head, my brain cannot let it go. it is been three weeks since it came back up and my brain is always telling me you are a cheater, kill yourself, you hurt m, your family will find out and kick you out of your house, m will publicly humiliate you and your friends are going to leave you, you will be homeless and alone as you deserve . i am going to see a therapist in a month or so, but i do not know if i can hold on till then. i have no friends who i consider friends, just friendly people, so no support system. i worry that if i break up with my bf i will be completely alone and i will go back to self harm or i will kill myself. i cannot live with myself. and the think is, say i tell this to bf and he breaks up with me. what if the event did happen in march when we first knew one another? at the end of the day, i am confused and scared, i do not want to be a bad person. i do not. i do not want to feel like if this happened in october i should kill myself as punishment. it just, it feels like i should genuinely physically harm myself if i did this, i cannot believe how dissapointed i am in me. to think i would destroy the best thing that ever happened in my life. i am fucking worthless i do not expect your pity but dear god please i do not want this
i 16f live with my mother. my father left for work when i was very little. he never texted called me on my birthday once a year or supported us financially. he comes home every 1 2 years for a visit and it is hell for me. my parents are not married, they do not really get along but they are not split up either. i wanted to have a dad like all my friends but now the deed is done and i want to cut him off. he feels like a stranger to me and i would not say that i hate him necessarily but sometimes i do. whenever i try to explain this to my mom she says that he is my dad and that he loves me in his way . then i start crying and she starts screaming at me to stop because this is not a good reason. my mom makes me feel like it is my fault and that i am doing it for attention or on purpose . i try to at least tolerate him but i cannot. i just remember the times when he once beat me really bad when we were on holiday the only time but it stuck with me or when he had s x with my mother next to me and made me smell his hand after fingering her i am sorry, this is really embarrassing but i had to say it because it is the biggest reason i hate him so much . i remember this like it is happening right now and often i cry about this. i was little and maybe they think i forgot or did not know what is going on. i tell my mom that i cannot stand him but never about these reasons, but i know for a fact she will gaslight me. i also remember the times he played with me but the things he did doing the deed next to me, letting me hear them on holiday were just horrible and traumatic. one time they did it in the bed i was supposed to be sleeping in and the sheets were all sweaty and gross, and they let me sleep in it. i might be overreacting though. 2 years ago he stayed like 2 months and i am scared he will want to stay this long too this time. also the last year i have struggled with an eating disorder and i lost like 100 lbs, and he remembers me like being chubby. i am almost fully recovered now and learning to accept myself and my weight gain and he will make some comments that i do not wish to hear, i do not want to relapse. this year i will go to my grandmother while he is at my house and i hope to not be forced to see him. now that is the whole thing, i do not hate him because he left me but because of those sexual things. i am fully aware being abandoned does not count as abuse and i completely agree and i do not hate him for that, but for the other things he did. whenever i said something that did not sit right with me he was like come on you are grown up, you are not 2 years old so you can understand those things and making me feel like it is my fault. i just moved home after 3 months of staying at my grandmother my house was in renovations and i was really excited to come back home. i had plans for summer and now he is coming to fuck my entire summer break, i have to stay at grandma's... i really wish he is stay at a hotel or something. he is calling my mother to tell her he is coming and i have so much anxiety. i wish she would understand me and would not let him in. i have to make my luggage. my mom tells me i am exaggerated. i thought about killing myself just to make her feel guilty, to make her feel all that i felt. i am such a horrible human. i am tired
this is my first time ever posting on reddit so please bare with me. i am 23 years old and i cry almost everyday. i do not have friends and i do not understand why. each time i have had a friend it ended because they betrayed me. whether its spreading rumors about me, being friends with my abusive ex, or leaving me out all of the time just being plain shady. i hate my parents. i blame them for how horrible i feel about myself. they have always treated me like shit. but they think they are parents of the year because they have given me nice things. in reality my parents have mocked me crying, they have blamed me for not having friends, made fun of me for it too. they always forced me to do things i did not want to do and it never benefitted me once. like forcing me to try out for an elite choir when i was a young kid despite my debilitating stage fright and overall just me not wanting to do it. but it does not matter to them. they cannot understand how bad of parents they were and still are. in fourth grade i moved over 1000 miles away from my hometown. i was sad and depressed and had no new friends. my grades slipped. instead of asking me what was wrong my parents beat me until i could not sit down. one time i caught a ride instead of waiting for my mom who always moves at her own pace, to go to cheer camp. my first year on the squad. i left the house and caught a ride. my mom drove all the way up to the school embarrassed me in front of everyone and took me out of camp. she humiliated me on purpose. one time my parents forced me into a mental hospital. on vacation. my parents have ruined my life over their lack of compassion, quickness to anger, control issues and so much more. its caused me to search for love from people who pretended to care about me. now since i cut those people off i have no friends. i am out of college so making friends is impossible atp. it seems like no one wants to make new friends at my age because being clique ish is cool. i am not going to make new friends ever. my career field is generally gate kept by older people so definitely will not have friends at work who are my age and we can hangout. its been one year since i cut off my shitty friends and i may have only hung out with or interacted with a person my age only 3 or 4 times. out of an entire year. 10 10 you will find me on my couch in my apartment. everyday. i never go out even on the weekends because i have no friends. trust me i have tried reconnecting with people i ent to school with but no one ever puts as much effort into it as i do because mostly everyone has their people already. anyways, i just wish i could die. if nothing can change in a year nothing will ever change. friends are not going to miraculously fall into my lap. the only happiness i get is the split second i think about dying and how when i do die ill finally get to be happy because i will not have to care about being lonely. i hope all of you struggling right now who have friends, who have people that care about you other than your own family, cherish those people. because something is better than nothing. and i do not have anyone. i do not text anyone during the day. no one texts me. i do not remember the last time i went to a party or the last time i was out past 7. hopeless.
i cannot help to feel sorry for feeling suicidal almost every day in the past 3 years. every day i woke up, the ptsd kicks in and it will repeat my mistake vividly. it took so much of my energy just to combat that ptsd, let alone the suicidal thought. the flashback is so real, and often leaves me with an accelerated heartbeat and a wet pillow when i wake up.i am not sure if feeling suicidal is a sure sign of depression or not. but i know that in my calm mind, that whenever the ptsd or the memory flashback kicks in, i will start to plan for suicidal methods. how i wish i can enjoy a painless death.......i know, i am sick. but i lives in a very conservative society. suicide is a taboo topic in here and nobody would really talk about that. as a man, i know i am not supposed to feeling suicidal , as this will show that i am vulnerable. i know being vulnerable is a huge weakness in this market, everyone will hits your weak point to achieve maximum benefits. i know i cannot afford to be vulnerable. i know i live in the stereotype image. today, because of pure coincidence, i am forced to work with someone that happens to be the main character in my ptsd. she was kind, never mentioned any of my past mistakes. but before she left, she say something to me in private. this caused my ptsd and suicidal thought to be in peak. but since i am working as a videographer , i need to display a professional image. i cannot display my personal emotion in front of client.it was only until when i am back to home and finally be alone. i slump into the bed, feeling no appetite to eat. the thought to end my life was the strongest i ever encounter. the only motivation is to seek death, so i open up my laptop, searching for any new drug that can be purchased discreetly to end my life painlessly. you know, whenever you google up suicide, there will always be a hotline number. i doubt it actually works. they will eventually say that, in the end you still need to rely on yourself . i am no stranger to a suicide thoughts, and i am getting tired to all these anti suicide campaigns. i really doubt it is helpful, especially for someone likes me that could not talk properly about my mental issue. today is not my first suicide attempt, and i doubt it will be the last suicide attempt in my life. the ptsd and suicide leave such a permanent disability in my mental capacity. sometimes i wish i can be dead, and sometimes where i feel so lucky not to suicide at that point. i had been trapped into this tried to suicide, failed, glad i am not dead cycle. i feel so tired and drains out to combat with these negative thoughts. i had long lost the courage to lives on. i can only use new goals to excites myself. quite similar in dark souls, once you finish your duty, you are bound to die literally . i am really sorry for the negativity. i am so scared to talk about this with anyone. this had been my deepest secret that i could not share with anyone. i felt really guilty that while i am feeling suicidal, there are thousands of people in the hospital who struggle to live on. how i wish i can transfer my lifespan to them..... they can just live on with my life, while i die happily, i hope so . i am sorry for feeling suicidal, i wish i can be different from those that think too much
do you know what being mentally abused by a piece of shit grandmother since you were born feels like? being born with social anxiety and all kinds of other mental health issues and have this whore of a woman constantly shove deep down your soul's throat how she hates living with the mom and dad you have loved so and describing every single day for the last 20 years how she would like to kill herself, every time differently?and when it is not that, she is begging to be taken away to her other son's house, whose bitch of a wife physically abuses her, but i guess that is better than living a comfortable life with my two parents who work hard to maintain a comfortable living for their fucked in the head adult son, their adhd child and this is ungrateful sack of 87 year old shit who cannot see how good her life is and how much worse it would be with them, who could not care less about her and only use her pension from my dead grandfather for their own gain... my grandfather who was a great man and deserved no time with this leech.i know, she is the terrible person, right? however through all these years of being constantly assaulted with suicide threats and negativity, at 15 it became pretty clear that i was depressed. my anxiety still feels like being stuck in the fiery pits of hell, and her being a fundamentalist religious shithead kept filling my young child brain with the idea of eternal pain and damnation in hell, even if she is the one who constantly threatens to end her own life. i am still religious, i love the teaching of jesus, my prophet, and i respect all other beliefs just the same, all i wish and hope for this planet is peace and harmony... but the image of hell this 1930s hag implanted into my hear is just too much, i cannot take it. i do freelance, it is a nice way to work until i get my workshop with my best friend to fix electronics, build pcs and sell the occasional tech. but sometimes i cannot even get out of bed because of the existential dread, thinking so much about how one day i will die and from what she is told me... i might go to hell. i do not necessarily believe it, have your faith or lack thereof but i know my god would not throw me into the fiery pits of hell because some asshole grandmother set my mind into this state.when i can get out of bed, i waste my monthly earning on vodka and cigarettes and walk till the end of town, until there is nothing but grass, dirt roads and the sea to east. it is less worse than death, that is for sure, but for how long will it satisfy me?i hate myself and her whilst loving all others, so i am deeply sorry for anyone of you who might have read this, i did not mean to take your time.i do not want to die, but there are no other viable options right now to escape from this hell on earth. my father refuses to try and get medical intervention or doing anything about it.what is worse? living a hell on earth or testing my luck with god?something, someone, save me.and these issues are only the least of my worries.6 years of psychiatric appointments and visits to the psychologist, but in the snap of a finger, destiny decided to take it all away from me again. all that peace and calm. i cannot stay in my own head. my death is preferable to what my twisted psyche is turning into.
i want to fucking die and stop existing, every single aspect of my fucking life is hurting me so bad, that i want to rip my brain out to the wall, or bite my skin off, when i think about it. everything is boiling inside me, but i cannot find anyone to talk about it, cuz no one will understand and besides that everything is so complex that it is just fucking impossible. i am freacking lazy piece of crap that cannot force itself to work, or study, or do physical exercise. my passions and talets are non evolving, since i am so fucking lazy. sometimes i wish that i would be born without any talets i mean, i wish that i will not be born at all so i would not have to deal with such mental pain and problems. i am fucking fat pig, everyone are telling me that i am not fat, but slim, but they know shit. from the past half a year i have been trying to get slimmer, but that shit are not work. where the fuck is justice in this? how the hell people who eat whatever they want, do not do any torture like workouts and live happy life have the same fucking figure as me, who is struggling everyday, to not eat any sweets and almost everyday forces itself to painfull exercises? where the fuck are my results? i still look like fat shit and i want to fucking die and go away from this world as quickly as possible. i will not be able to pass my next fucking year in this shitty school, cuz i am hecking lazy and i cannot study. seriously every single second of my life i find another thing that just pushhes me down into deep ocean of inner madness that will not came out to the outsite world. i would probably try to kill myself, but my fucking talent is stopping me in this. this is more of a curse, than blessing, because everyone are telling me that i have talent in making stories, so i know that if anywhere in the future i would actually do something about it, it could be big. but as i said, i am too fucking lazy to develop anything inside my shitty self. i have bite myself today out of inner anger and i can still see the mark on my hand. something happened with my ankle 3 days ago, so i was not able to do any workouts, so i am just forced to see how my belly is turning more and more ugle as shit. summer sucks let me tell, since when it is school, you are at least have something to do, you are busy with something, but now when there is like a lot of free time, because of my laziness, every single day is constant loop of feelings of wastig time and becaming worse and worse pice of crap that i am. i cannot even find any friends, i have like 1 friend, but i am too fucking shy to talk to anyone. i am fucking alone. and even now i know that i am probably doing the worst thing possible, while writing this, because reddit was toxic to me everytime, so now it will probably say something like people have much worse, worse life than you, some do not have family, some are very poor, someone is health is very bad, some life in war and still you are complaining about such little things?! you snob!!! but i am writing it in such emotional storm, that i do not even care. i want to die. i did not even knew where to post this shitty thing i have just wrote and i will probably make another mistake in my life when i post this, but i do not care. rant for my shitty life
if you are reading this then i finally got the courage to end it all i know this is not what you wanted and you may blame yourself but you really should not i believe i was born fucked up and just like how fish give birth to thousands of babies expecting a few to not make it i am just not compatible with the world i have always been a outcast and a waste of the world's resources and i have been waiting to end it all sense middle school being unhappy for so long really fucks you up. and even though i feel upset that this is the way my life went and that i did not get to do the fun things other kids my age are doing, i cannot help but feel happy that i will not have to be a wage slave to continue being miserable until i die of heart disease or cancer. in this part of most suicde notes they write to people who care for them but the only person i have is my dad who is most likely a little bit happy i am gone i mean he is going to be a little sad but over all my death will be a net positive i will not be a burden on him anymore. today he asked me if i had a plan for getting my driver's license but he kept asking if i have a plan my plan is to take all the mild anxiety meds a friend gave me a then hang my self in the garage i wish i had a less painful way to go out but what is 1 day worth of pain vrs a whole lifetime. i have never been much of a writer but i guess i could rewrite my story here in how i wish it went. i was born randi keene in a small town to 2 happy people who loved eachother very much and would work hard to provide their son the best life his mother would always pack him a school lunch and let him know that she loved him and that his worries were not stupid and that he was not alone. randi would do well in school and have lots of friends who would care about him and would always have his back on the days he did not feel his best. randi would never feel like he needed to starve himself or binge on food he would never have serious thoughts of self harm.randi would exile in art and theater and would go on to have a fulfilling job in the animation industry working on movies from disney and pixar. randi would go on to have a successful online presence and would be loved in his circles. he could create anyworld he wished with just his own mind and his artistic talent. one day randi would meet a wonderful person who would love and support him with the things he loves. they would always try to have a positive outlook on the world and would encourage randi to be his best. they would have a wonderful medieval style wedding. and would not be afraid to express things they like without guilt or shame.together they would never have to worry about money, they would always have just enough. their children would become well rounded individuals that always felt loved. randi would go on to create video games that were well received he would die happy and loved by many he would have a large funeral and people would mourn his death he would be remembered for his kindness and success as an animator. i like the story i made. i know it does not have a lot of struggles but i do not think you need to fight a dragon to have a happy ending.i hope my story comes true next time my note. sorry for spelling errors i am stupid
i have been feeling like this since the beginning of my senior year of high school. i thought i was just going through a slump because of the pandemic and all, because i have never felt such hopelessness before in my entire life, but i have now graduated, and i feel the same.i live with my mom and her husband, along with my two baby sisters. i feel like such an insignificant part of the family i do not work the thought of interacting with people i do not know makes me sick to my stomach, i cannot even leave my house to take out the trash because i feel like all eyes are on me. i rejected the only fast food job interview i was given because the idea of being around others, all by myself, in such an unfamiliar place, made me panic and i do not do anything around the house. my mom has expressed how disappointed she is with me because all i do is lay in bed and sleep till 5 pm, but i wish i could tell her it is because i do not want to be here anymore. i wish i could tell her that my days seem to blend into each other now, and that every day spent alive makes me want to scream into my pillow because that just means i am not dead yet.i have tried, and failed, to kill myself four times already. i feel like such an attention whore for doing so, even though nobody knows i have attempted. i fantasize about death constantly.everything is a chore, because doing things requires energy, and i just do not have any energy left in me. it takes weeks for me to shower because the process is so time consuming, i never do my laundry because i do not want to go searching for my dirty clothes, i never clean my room because it is a task too daunting. consequently, i live in a pile of filth, and i am probably a walking pile of filth, too, because everything requires effort, and i have absolutely none to give.whenever my mom tells me to clean the house it takes me so long because i always start zoning out, thinking about suicide, thinking about how different my life would be if i had been born into a different family, or in a different country, or as the opposite sex. i make up scenarios in my head to make myself feel better, but just end up feeling worse than before, because i am fantasizing about the unachievable.i feel so hopeless. the worst part is, i really want help. i do not want to feel like this anymore. i do not want to wake up every day and start to cry because i am still here, but i feel like i am probably just exaggerating. what if this is just a phase? my mom thinks nothing is wrong with me, she is convinced i am just lazy and unmotivated, and maybe she is right. she makes me feel like i am such a disappointment, but i cannot even blame her, because, well i am. but she knows nothing about how i feel, only bases her judgement on what she sees, and to her i am just her daughter, who has no future ahead of her, who is useless and cannot fend for herself, and who will never amount to anything in life. she does not know i want to die. she does not know i spend every waking second thinking about how nice it would be if i could just stop existing. she does not know anything, but i wish she did.i do not know what to do. i am so tired of this life. i think about killing myself nearly every day. i am so tired of being here.
i used to be such an awful, selfish, horrible person. i hurt some people very, very badly when i was younger. i am basically the definition of when the victim of abuse becomes an abuser. i was fucking awful. i feel so bad for one person in particular, i did not respect their boundaries, they suffer from what i did. i did not know i did anything wrong, i never had any idea that what i was doing to anyone was wrong. i wish someone told me how awful the way i acted was. i have put so much work into completely relearning everything and viewing every single thing in such a healthier way, but this guilt from my past that i must carry with me hurts more than words could ever describe. just knowing that they will always see me as who i was then is terrifying.other than the guilt of what i did to people, the way they treated me too has also left me with extreme trauma and i feel so manipulative when i say that. when i was younger everyone around me treated others like shit, so it was normal to me, hence why i did not know i did anything wrong. i feel so manipulative when i say it, like i am trying to find a way to excuse my shitty actions but i know i am not. it is what i saw happening all around me everyday and the way i physically cannot leave my house without having atleast two panic attacks because of what they did to me. i was selfish, exetremely mentally ill, lacked any sort of healthy communicative skills, disrespected peoples boundaries, hurt someone in a way that nobody should ever have to be hurt. every single thing that i remember from that time just makes me feel worse and worse. i know i am a good person, i have changed for myself and my future, i do not need to prove that to anyone. i actively try to treat people well, give people the benefit of the doubt, etc. i care about others like i did before i became such a toxic human. it is just these nights that the guilt resurfaces and it majorly tests my will to live.i need help but i feel since i was such a disgusting person, that i do not deserve to live. i feel like i do not deserve to get better if those people still suffer from my actions. it is so hard to just accept that i will have to live and heal with the consequences for the rest of my life, they weigh me down so much. i have tried apologizing, some went well but the one i feel the most awful about will never be the same. i have tried every way that i can find to just find peace, and usually i am able to just get through each day, but fuck it is so bad right now.i do not know what to do, therapy has not helped cope with this guilt because i cannot even admit all of my actions because of how shitty they were. i feel like the complete scum of the earth who should not deserve to breathe even though i have learned from my mistakes and believe so much in rehabilitative justice. i just cannot feel this pain so intensely for so long, it is a debilitating physical pain combined with my self hatred from abuse i endured growing up. i try to look for the positives, i always do but no matter what i keep having this inner war that just circles right back to the if they still suffer, i must suffer. i want this to end. i need this to end. i want end this constant suffering from the guilt i carry every day.
i used to be such an awful, selfish, horrible person. i hurt some people very, very badly when i was younger. i am basically the definition of when the victim of abuse becomes an abuser. i was fucking awful. i feel so bad for one person in particular, i did not respect their boundaries, they suffer from what i did. i did not know i did anything wrong, i never had any idea that what i was doing to anyone was wrong. i wish someone told me how awful the way i acted was. i have put so much work into completely relearning everything and viewing every single thing in such a healthier way, but this guilt from my past that i must carry with me hurts more than words could ever describe. just knowing that they will always see me as who i was then is terrifying.other than the guilt of what i did to people, the way they treated me too has also left me with extreme trauma and i feel so manipulative when i say that. when i was younger everyone around me treated others like shit, so it was normal to me, hence why i did not know i did anything wrong. i feel so manipulative when i say it, like i am trying to find a way to excuse my shitty actions but i know i am not. it is what i saw happening all around me everyday and the way i physically cannot leave my house without having atleast two panic attacks because of what they did to me. i was selfish, exetremely mentally ill, lacked any sort of healthy communicative skills, disrespected peoples boundaries, hurt someone in a way that nobody should ever have to be hurt. every single thing that i remember from that time just makes me feel worse and worse. i know i am a good person, i have changed for myself and my future, i do not need to prove that to anyone. i actively try to treat people well, give people the benefit of the doubt, etc. i care about others like i did before i became such a toxic human. it is just these nights that the guilt resurfaces and it majorly tests my will to live.i need help but i feel since i was such a disgusting person, that i do not deserve to live. i feel like i do not deserve to get better if those people still suffer from my actions. it is so hard to just accept that i will have to live and heal with the consequences for the rest of my life, they weigh me down so much. i have tried apologizing, some went well but the one i feel the most awful about will never be the same. i have tried every way that i can find to just find peace, and usually i am able to just get through each day, but fuck it is so bad right now.i do not know what to do, therapy has not helped cope with this guilt because i cannot even admit all of my actions because of how shitty they were. i feel like the complete scum of the earth who should not deserve to breathe even though i have learned from my mistakes and believe so much in rehabilitative justice. i just cannot feel this pain so intensely for so long, it is a debilitating physical pain combined with my self hatred from abuse i endured growing up. i try to look for the positives, i always do but no matter what i keep having this inner war that just circles right back to the if they still suffer, i must suffer. i want this to end. i need this to end. i want end this constant suffering from the guilt i carry every day.
so...hi i am emma a young trans woman from germany. i am 18 years old and i do not know if i even want to live anymore. a lithle bit of backstory i growed up in a small catholic village in the middle of nowhare. in school i had big social issues and was just a loner and i was pritty depressed. after school i just got home and watched tv the rest of the day or playd on console and i basicly wasted my whole childhood alone and depressed. my family just neclected me and left me alone. later after i finished school i was just a mental wreck with absolutly no social skills. i dident realy know what to do so i did a bvb that is something like a bridge year to get you ready to learn a job. around that time a lot of things cleared up in my mind. i aknowledegd that i am trans but still dident do mutch about it beciuse i know that my family would hate me even more and i should wait till i can move out. i lost around 20kg i was obese and actually had social interaction in the bvb i actually made friends i guess. then the second wafe of corona hit and the bvb stopped vor over six months and we just got some stuff to do per e mail. i was stuck at home whit my family that i do not talk with and i lost contact with the persons i met. i sunk into a deep depression and the dysphoria stuff that i hate about myself becouse of gender related stuff just got whorse and i just wanted to end my stupid useless live. i dident self harm myself i wanted to die whitout pain. i dident have acess to medication so i just wanted to cutt my wrist and blead out.... sometimes i sat there houres whit a fucking kitchen knive in my hand but diden had the guts to just do it. i do not know if its good or bad that i dident do it. my existance just sucked. i kind of opend up about my mum that live is hell for me and i asked her if i could see a terapist, surprisingly she was okay with that. i got to a terapist and kind of tould her everything... becouse i tould her that i was suecidial i got put into a psychosomatic facility that i stayd for two months. they kind of saved my live in a view ways to be honest. it was the first time in my live that everything seems to be okay. i turned 18 during my stay there. i am now kind of mentaly stable again. they helped ne to get back in kontakt whit my dad. my parents divorced when i was 3. and i moved to him directly after i got relesed. that was two weeks ago. my family cut contact with me becouse i moved to there enemy and i do not realy care tbh. i am proberbly going to do something like a bvb again now and i am proberbly seeking ambulant terapy so i can figure myself out and actually start hrt. i still have a lot of anxiety. but i can at least go shopping and can talk to strangers. the mascs actually realy help! i just have a lot of fear for my future and coud just need some advise. to be honest i do not realy know abaut what. i just feel lost. and i know that so many people got it so mutch whorse but i guess my live has at least some importance at least to me.i hope that what i wrode made at least some sence and i am sorry if my grammer is bad. and just thank you kind strangers from reddit i wish all of you a beautiful night day! i guess i could use some advice on what i should do with my live.
i am writing this post to seek advice, guidance, and emotional support on an obvious issue that i can longer ignore, which is that i am 31 years old and i have never had a girlfriend. i am of east indian descent however, i grew up in california. i have been told that numerous times that i am a good looking guy, and some people are even shocked to find that i have never had a girlfriend before. throughout much of my adult life, i have been overlooked by girls. i have seen indian guys score girls, yet i would be left with nothing and it often makes me think just what exactly is it about these guys that make them particularly appealing? what exactly do these guys have that i do not? i have a fair complexion for an indian so i am quite often told that i do not look indian but rather a hispanic or middle eastern, which irritates me. i am very insecure about my figure, as i believe that it is the sole reason that people have never respected me i am 5'8 with a slender build, which makes me look a lot younger than my actual age i could easily pass for 22. many of these indian guys may be taller than me 6'1 , however, they are not exactly the most refined of people they are very callous and rude. many times, where girls have expressed interest in me, there has always been some jealous male that has ruined it for me. i have tried using dating sites, such as tinder, and much to my chagrin, i have never matched even once in the past two years that i have been using the app. for a while, i stopped caring by reassuring myself that i can live without a girlfriend, but unfortunately, i am reaching an age where i need to find someone. amp x200b i ought to mention that i would prefer to date a girl outside of my ethnicity. i must profess that anytime i see a brown guy with a white girl, i become infuriated with jealousy because i often think that if that brown guy can score a white girl, why cannot i? what exactly does that brown guy have that i do not? i would not feel the same way if the guy were white, yellow, or black, but only brown.one could contend that there may be something about myself that i could change, and i completely agree however, one attribute about the physique that i have not been able to change is my height, and i know that women do care about that they are lying if they tell you that it is not important. consequently, i am strongly considering undergoing cosmetic limb lengthening surgery, which would essentially make me 5 inches taller, and put me at 6'1 , and not to mention people would not bully me and women would be more likely to express interest in me.if i were a brown guy standing at 6'1 and not 5'8 , i would be respected and not bullied as much as i have throughout my life. i am constantly told by women that i look like a little boy and not like a grown man and that is simply because of my small build.it is my misfortune to have been dealt with a very bad genetic hand at birth however, i do plan to redeem by making myself taller to improve the quality of my life and ultimately ensure my happiness.i am very miserable deep inside, and with each passing day, i realize more and more just how miserable i am deep down inside. i often ask what is the point of life? help and guidance needed.
i am too much of a coward probably to go through with it, but i am honestly done. everyday i wake up with intrusive thoughts racing through my head that make me anxious. i have no one to talk to, who will truly understand. i tried talking to my parents, and while my dad is understanding and listens, he has this tic rubbing and licking his nose that is extremely annoying and makes it almost unbearable to talk to him. he always takes it lightly and does not fucking change. when i try to sleep or even masturbate, this is what is on my fucking mind for some reason stupid brain keeps replaying all the shitty sounds he makes . he also interrupts me a lot anyway, and while i know he loves me, i just cannot deal with this anymore. i have told my mom about this, and she keeps saying all the stay positive bullshit do not go on social media, and all that. she is probably right about the latter, but it is gotten to a point where i cannot change. she makes fun of me for crying and feeling low all the time, i guess it would make sense since i am in my early 20s and i should move past being so damn sensitive. i have friends that say they are there for me, but i feel like they will choose their family over me anyway. i am starting to hate being an only child even though growing up i never had an issue with it. i was a happy, live in the moment kind of girl . i have told them about my feelings regarding this, but no matter how much reassurance i get, i cannot help but feel this based on what i have seen in reddit. i hate the fact i have turned into this monster who is so needy for other people's company. i used to have so many fun hobbies to keep me busy, but now i feel like i am lacking a meaningful connection with the people around me, so nothing compensates.i am not comfortable being alone, but i am not comfortable being around people anymore either. i used to be really confident and lively, but now..i do not know. i do not see my life getting better. i have even stopped enjoying hanging out with my friends in general, so i am in a lose lose situation no matter what. i do not even know if i have a right to feel suicidal. i have a full time software engineering job, i am in good physical health, and i have plans to go to grad school. through college, i thought that if i work hard, i can enjoy later. i never went to parties, drank, smoked through my four years. but none of that matters. when my mom or dad bring up something even vaguely sad or deep , my eyes already start to tear up. i hate myself for being like this. i was not like this before the quarantine, but oh well, guess the damage is permanent. i do not see myself recovering from this situation.i can already see my life ahead of me perhaps getting married at 25 and popping out babies by the time i am 30. i feel so..useless. i think people will move past my death pretty quickly anyway. i am becoming some kind of hermit and passive aggress freak anyway, so i do not want to hurt anymore people before i die. with that being said, what is the best way to kill myself? i was wondering if there was a painless way to do it. i might be doing that down the line, do not see a point in living a meaningless, lonely life anyway. best way to die?
does not seem like a bad idea, just grab a couple dozen energy drinks and a couple pots of coffee and chug them all down in one go. that cardiac arrest is probably going to hurt like a mf, but my will to live is growing weaker by the day. what is the point of living anymore, i am tired of nightmares every night and the real world. nicotine overdose might work too. how many cigarettes ad vapes would it take to kill ya? maybe alcohol would be the better way to go, just get like fifty beers or something maybe a hundred. how bout them other drugs? not that i have access to them, but that would be nice. i know it is not funny to joke about this kind of stuff, if i did not fear death or the possibility of there being an afterlife, i would be gone in a flash. well i guess i am slowly killing myself by smoking, so maybe i should stop that. not that i want to, but i do not want some higher power being like hmm, you smoked them cigarettes being fully aware what they do to you? okay time to send another form of your consciousness to an even worse place mwhahahaha not calling it god, the abrahamic deity called god is so fucking childish, if there was really a creator or high power of some sort, it would not be some dude that said humans were in the image of him, getting angry and jealous, and having three different forms yet saying they are all one. maybe there is no creator or higher power and the pre existent bigbang has always existed. i do not know dudes, but i am sick of living, but i do not want to kill myself then become something else within the universe or reality and have dark energy push me into an even worse place or i do not know how dark matter dark energy works but something like that i feel like i am cursed to suffer for all of eternity already. we are already in hell dudes, is it possible to climb the ladder and find the kingdom of heaven from within, i have no idea, but i guess i will try again. maybe some meditation or something will help me, this world so fucked up yo. how could i possibly know i have not been existent an infinite amount of times? can you try to think back to what you it were like before you were born? you cannot, or at least i cannot. maybe this is really the first time for existence to occur, but there are theories for infinite universes so i do not know. if the universe is possible, then i guess anything is possible. maybe i am the only one that exists and all of you and everything else is an illusion with my brain and senses acting as filters and playing tricks on me, or maybe i am part of that illusion as well. who is fucking dream is this world? or is this dream illusion just self reliant on its own with no one or thing to dream it. an illusion implies that there is an opposite of that like a factuality or actuality or something idk. i am fearful of the unknown, and i do not know anything. i do not have the courage to go through with it. i guess i am not starving in a third world country or enslaved in human trafficking so it could be worse i suppose, i am a whiny kid with a smartphone acting like a little bitch, but i do have my own problems i will not lie. no friends, no partner, work all the time. idk man. caffeine overdose.
i 24 m have just been a downward slope since the last two years. i was in a relationship with my ex 23 f for 4 years. she took her life last october. we had broken 7 months before that. and she kept me on no contact.i saw her through two years of depression and stopped her from hurting herself on many occasions. i knew that she was suicidal. when we broke up, i thought she would get better. that she might be able to break out of some of our relationship problems that would often be the because of her low mood.within those 7 months during our break up, i talked to her once. and that was a day she had planned suicide but eventually did not go through with it. i would like to think that for that one day, i talked her out of it. i remember when i told her i loved her and her voice just broke while speaking.i still remember the day i had to bury her.after she passed away, i tried to get over her somehow. i have been in three relationships since then, tried to use sex as an escape. but every time, it just comes to a halt. i end up suppressing a lot of my grief and the depression i have struggled with. and shabam, it all just comes back all at once. last month, i slept with another person when i was drunk and it turned out that she felt i forced myself onto her. and it became a whole deal where she was accusing me of all sorts of things. i had felt that our encounter was consensual but then she came up to me and said that how she felt violated. at this point, with the guilt of hurting this person and not being able to help my ex, it came to a boiling point last night. over these past few months, i have started doubting my self, my relationship with my ex and how i could not help her even though i feel like i was the only one who could.last night, i wrote my first letters. i hurt myself for the first time. all those times i put the knife away from her, she is not there to do the same for me. i do not know why i am mentioning this here, but she was the first woman i was with while i was like the third guy. i used to get jealous from time to time. when she broke up, i told myself maybe she was not the one. i had not seen the world. maybe if i have sex or be in relationships with different people, i would eventually find someone. after sleeping around, being in relationships with a few people, i still cannot get over her. she was the one. she was the one that got away.i miss her and all i can think of right now is ending all this and just being with her wherever she is. i do not have the urge to keep on going. my existence was intertwined with her. my codependency issues still have not gone away.i have tried to work on myself. i have gone to therapy. but i still cannot put these thoughts away. i just want to end things. i cannot live with this feeling. i do not even know what it is. this is the first time i have ever felt suicidal and i do not know how to stop it. for the first time, i can truly empathize with her suffering although hers was because of different reasons and much more deep.i do not want to call it quits. i want to try to get better. for my mom and dad. i saw what it did to her parents and i do not want to do the same to mine. downward slope
i am new to reddit. my eldest son was always sending me links to stuff on here that he would found interesting and id end up in a reddit rabbit hole every now and again but i have never posted anything. so 3 months since, i found my eldest son. he had taken his own life. he was 22. since then my world has pretty much fallen apart as you would expect. i have 2 younger children and a partner we were actually separated at the time my son took his own life but i have not been in a great place and hes stuck around . i always thought i was a good parent. my kids are smart, funny, well mannered, all round balanced kids or so i thought . i have never been suicidal until after this. i am overcome by guilt for not being able to save my son. i attempted suicide after his funeral. i feel so bad for my younger children but this feels much bigger than the love i have for them. when my son was small, i had a partner who lived with us, he was a great guy and loved the kids but there was no spark for me. i was young myself and i asked my partner to leave. a few months before he died, my son mentioned to me that he always blamed himself for my partner leaving because he said,he had asked if he could call him dad and id said he could. i told him i did not remember this but of course it was never his fault and i was sorry i did not make that clearer to him at the time he would have been 6 . so over the years its mainly been me and the kids and i dated guys but it never amounted to anything. the kids never wanted for anything, i went to uni and got a good job and we always had holidays to nice places etc. i was proud of my kids, how id managed to bring up such amazing kids on my own and i never really minded being on my own. so now, after this, i feel completely responsible. i did not realise my son was feeling this way. we worked different hours so usually communicated by text but this was every day. we had a lot in common and we got on well and had always had a good relationship. since he died, i have found out that he told an ex girlfriend he had suffered with depression and suicidal thoughts all through his teens, i never knew this. i feel like i have completely failed my son and also his younger siblings. i feel like now, if id have stayed with my ex partner all those years ago, the kids would have had a father figure and someone around who loved and cared for them i am addition to me. i am almost certain he would still be alive. i feel like my immature decisions when i was younger were selfish. it was not intentional but i feel that the fall out has been massive and now there is nothing i can do to fix this. i think about ending my life most days because i simply cannot live with guilt of what i have done. i was always a really positive person. i always thought, no matter what went wrong in life, i had my kids. now i feel that i have completely ruined not only my life, but theirs and in a way that cannot be fixed. family and friends have not been in touch since the funeral and i do not really feel this is the kind of thing anyone could understand. i feel a weird kind of calm when i think of not being here any longer. i have completely ruined everything.
why do people say that? does it really mean 'just fuck off'? because that is all i hear anymore when someone says it. today was my birthday. it was spectacularly shitty. my partner of over a decade rolled his eyes and put his headset on and went back to playing xbox when i tried to talk to him. he did not even look at me. he came up to the bedroom an hour or so later and said it hurt his feelings that is why he was ignoring me. i said that i am practically screaming for help and he will not even listen to me. his answer was 'go get some help then.' like...okay. i am down. from who? from where? this mythological help we are supposed to get must be somewhere right? is it a street? a building? maybe a magic lamp i can rub. when is my turn? ohhhhh, you meant therapy. because that has never occurred to me before. it is not like i have not tried dozens of times. it is not like i have not taken every medication on the market, most with horrible side effects. if my own boyfriend who claims to love me cannot even listen to me talk for five minutes about how terrible i feel today, on my birthday, who does he realistically think is going to step in to help me? should i start panhandling help? stand on a street corner with a cardboard sign that says help! no, i do not need money. mental health services pls.i could go to the er. i could get a short term script. then a bill for 3000 dollars. sure, that will help. i can have one of the antidepressants i have already been on and did not work. why do not i jump right on that. there is not a bed to be had anywhere right now. i know because i work with people with serious developmental disabilities and psychological issues and every single one of them is being sent home without a bed opening up. why do people seem to believe all you do is make an appointment and go in and they make it better? that is not my experience or any of the people i work with. maybe in big cities there are options, i do not know. my partner said get help. i cried for two hours then decided to call helpline. i have never called one before but many of the individuals i work with do. he kept trying to give me advice, which is mainly to control what other people are doing. like man, if i could control other people do not you think i would have gone with that option by now. i got so weary listening to his advice. he thinks i can make my daughter or partner do.....anything? how? are we back to the magic lamp again? i finally just asked for free resources for mental health and said i was done talking. he sent them. it was the same exact list of places i already know about through work or have gone to myself. shit, i could have written that list myself. also, none of those places are free. sure, they take medicaid. i do not qualify for that. self pay is not free. it is a sliding scale based on income and i do not qualify for any help because i work 60 80 hours a week just to have things like a house and food. i cannot she will out any money on another game of mental health merry go round. amp x200b i am not actively suicidal day to day, but i was today. and there was no help. if there is i do not know how to find it. just get help.....
you know how people say there is a lot of stigma around mental health right? i am a mental health nurse and i struggle with this shit. after helping people for years and just sort of getting by as my relationships crumbled around me and as i felt like i was slipping down more and more into a deep abyss...i am finally on the path to getting help for myself.i realized i was in some deep shit when i was on a family vacation. looking around i saw everyone having a great time while on a boat ride. me, i just wanted to die and spent the day fighting back tears while thinking why the fuck cannot i enjoy myself? what the fuck is wrong with me? and why cannot i just be normal? a week prior to that moment i was looking off of the edge of a 4 story building waiting for some food at a rooftop restaurant wondering would the jump be enough to end my pain? while i have these thoughts, i know i would never act on them. in my line of work i have seen what happens when plans go wrong too many times. and more often than not it only leads to worse pain and suffering on top of that i recently heard of an aquaintance that ended their life, and i can see the pain their family is now feeling. i would never want to transfer my pain to someone else like that.for me, i have already promised my family that i would never hurt myself. i tell my patients all the time you have to find your reason to fight through. whatever your reason is, no matter how hard it gets, that reason will carry you through to the light of a better day. so here i am, and my reason has kept me here. and now, i can finally admit that i need help. this is just too big for me to go at it alone. my partner was able to help me navigate my most recent crisis and get me set up with a psychiatrist and therapist. for which i am so thankful i avoided this for years despite knowing i needed help ...i am a psych nurse right? i know how to help others fix this sort of thing...i should be able to fix myself too...right?anyway, i am writing this for everyone here that is struggling. to tell you it gets better. find your reason, stay strong, and most importantly reach out. help is available. if you really feel like you are going to hurt yourself go to your local emergency room they will be able to help you through the worst and hopefully connect you to resources in your community.for me right now just taking this little step of admitting i need help and making a plan has given me an unbelievable level of relief. just knowing that i am finally trying to take control over this illness rather than let it control me is liberating! i feel like the pressure that was in my head has started to release. after months of feeling like shit and years of being 'down' i actually feel somewhat human again, rather than this empty void nothingness. do not get me wrong i am not 100 cured or better by any stretch of the imagination but i feel like it is a start in the right direction so much so, that i was even able to go out for a date with my partner tonight and actually enjoy it. i feel so relieved i am finally on my way to starting therapy and getting help for my severe depression and intermittent suicidal ideation.
when i was barely over the age of one, cps took me away from my birth mom. needless to say, i was found in a terrible state. the very first family to take me in as a foster child, eventually they were able to adopt me when i was 3. sadly though, i was forced to continue my relationship with my mother throughout the years i was a foster child, which was ultimately detrimental in how i ended up. luckily it was a closed adoption, sadly though, the parents who had adopted me, had divorced a few years later. my mom got me and the other kids, while occasionally we would see our dad. though, my mother would rarely let me see my father.it was obvious from the start, i was different from other kids. i look back on it, and i realize just how much of a struggle i had to deal with. i attended special classes for my speech impediment, i was always getting bad grades and i just did not understand anything. instead of getting me help, my mother did not believe in medicine or doctors. i just recently found out that she knew i always had add, but never told me. she would ground me for not crying when someone i did not love, would die. i was always getting grounded and i was never allowed inside the house. no matter how hydrated i would get, she would not allow me inside, and she worked me like a slave. only ever cleaning when i was inside.eventually i ended up living with my dad and his new wife when i became a teen. i ended up getting caught having sex, and my father who was extremely strict, grounded me for years. i started getting treated like i was a dirty person, and that they would not feel comfortable allowing such a person around their kids. and to this day i am still treated like this. what more, i went back and forth between my mom and dad, eventually i was kicked out before i could graduate and have struggled ever since. i always struggled with depression, but as soon as i became an adult, i started truly feeling suicidal and depressed. i started coming out to my family, who i have always had a rocky relationship with, and was always shut down and told to stick it up.they ignored my pain and suffering, and i refused to ever ask help from any of them. but my sister would always have my back, she would make sure i would not be homeless. and now i just find myself in a rut. i am in the first relationship i have had for years and its terrible. he deceived me into believing he was someone else, and like an idiot, i feel for it. he is made us get into tremendous debt, and now i find myself the lowest i could ever be. i have no motivation and i know i just cannot keep doing it anymore. i am tired, and i do not care to live. i do not care what happens after this, i just want to be set free from this misery.i have come to realize that all the abuse i went through as a child, has damaged me in a way that i can never hope to be normal. i still have a speech impediment, but i have learned to become the silent character. i know that i have some form of autism, i have looked up all the signs and i have worked so hard to understand myself. i do not want to be here anymore, and i guess really, i just want to be heard. wanting permission to die?
30 days from now i will be 16. it feels surreal to be honest. my entire life up to this point has just been a disappointing miserable mush of trauma and the desire to let it end already. in all honesty its been like this all my life. for almost as long as i can remember, slowly becoming more and more obvious as time went on. life does not feel real, just a lump of memories, few good, mostly bad and a dream like feeling. like there is not someone in there, just a she will of what a human ought to be. one of my first memories is being six and looking in the mirror and hating how i did not look and act like a person and comparing myself to my classmates. they looked like people. they acted like people. i did not feel like one. it terrified me back then that i was going to be an adult, probably because of how different a child and an adults responsibilities were. i remember being nine, and being petrified that i was halfway to becoming an adult. i want to go back to that state. i am scared. scared of turning 18. when i was 12 and the awful became worse i promised myself i would kill myself at 16 if things did not get better. shortly after that i changed it to 18, maybe its because that back part of my brain was a coward, but i convinced my self it was because my family would have to see my body. my disgusting ugly self with an equally atrocious brain. and here i am, almost approaching the age that has scared me all my life. 760 days until i am 18. i truly do not ever think i will escape this depressing mindset i locked myself into so young. i am empty, i am emotionally drained and ready to go missing for weeks before my body is finally discovered decaying in some forest. i do not know how i will die. i do not know if ill be able to kill myself on the exact day i turn 18. not that it would matter. nobody would care if i died. my parents certainly would not, they are the ones who watered this miserable seed of,,whatever this is in my head. they do not even leave their rooms anymore. not that i care. being around them any longer then humanly necessarily would just make me feel worse. my life honestly feels so wasted. i can barely eat something without feeling like i am going to vomit. its this constant sense of nausea. why did i have to be born into this body? why this brain? why do i feel like i am watching a car crash behind a foggy windshield everyday? what is wrong with me? can a truck just crash threw my house and kill me lol. i wish i did not get up when i tripped that one time while i crossed the street when i was younger. face smashed in with no chance of living, and i get seen as this tragic death of a young girl and my parents and classmates might have actually pretended to like me for a week or two. oh well.sorry for this, i do not know why my brain is being so bad in particular. maybe its the insomnia talking. most days i can suck it up and just keep it in my head, or write a little two paragraph vent that scratches the surface of my stupid idiotic thoughts. but hey, pitbulls been there done that so maybe i am just much more weak willed then i put on. thanks for listening, lol. the final chapter of my life has begun.
i first noticed my desire to commit suicide in 3rd grade because my teachers has been severely bullying me name calling, hair pulling, shoving, humiliation, etc and nobody wanted to help me. everybody knew and nobody wanted to help me. my parents said i was being dramatic and did not believe me so i just stopped telling them. other staff members were complicit in it or joined in on the fun and all i could ever think was that i deserved to be sad because i was or , and i deserved to die. then it just continued like that for the rest of my life. anytime i was sad it was because i deserved it. but the worst part is i never want to be alone. everytime i get this way i reach out and almost beg for help. from my parents, teachers, friends, family, anyone who is supposed to help me and the worst part is they do not listen. it feels like nobody cares because of how often this has been happening. i have been dealing with horrible depressive episodes, disgusting methods of selfharm, and days where i do not sleep or eat because i just want to kill myself since the 3rd fucking grade. i have been this was for almost the majority of my life now and nobody wants to help me because of how long its been. i am scared of myself. i am scared of how alone i am. i am scared of how long its been and how every single episode only gets worse. there is never a time where i feel like this episode was better than the last because it just feels like i am sinking deeper and getting closer and closer to the bottom. i am at a point now where every single problem feels like the end of the world. even now, my boyfriends been distant lately and every moment he is ignoring me just feels like its pushing me closer and closer to the edge. i have dropped food and spiraled downwards, gotten a 99 instead of a 100 , been in a room that is a little too loud, been inable to order my favorite food, etc the smallest shit and my mind forces me into this state. i have had it worse, but it feels like my mind is just looking for any excuse for me to end it all. nobody cares about this. my friends change the subject or demand i be better so we can hang out, my parents think i am faking it for attention for almost a decade now, my relatives do not give a shit about me either way. i cannot bring myself to tell my boyfriend about how bad it is. he is been so supportive of me in the past when i lightly touched on the subject but i cannot bring myself to be vulnerable with him if i am just scared he is going to leave and not care about me anymore or if i am scared i will just be a burden on him. i want to be better so badly. more than anything i want to just be okay and not feel so alone. i am terrified right now because if it keeps getting worse like this i do not know how much longer i will go on. i have dreams and goals. i want to go to college, get married, have children, have a successful career in writing, even normal everyday things like eating my favorite snack, but its so hard to keep going like this. i just want to be happy. i want to feel loved like i was when i was younger. i do not want to feel alone anymore, i just want to be okay. its only getting worse.
i first noticed my desire to commit suicide in 3rd grade because my teachers has been severely bullying me name calling, hair pulling, shoving, humiliation, etc and nobody wanted to help me. everybody knew and nobody wanted to help me. my parents said i was being dramatic and did not believe me so i just stopped telling them. other staff members were complicit in it or joined in on the fun and all i could ever think was that i deserved to be sad because i was or , and i deserved to die. then it just continued like that for the rest of my life. anytime i was sad it was because i deserved it. but the worst part is i never want to be alone. everytime i get this way i reach out and almost beg for help. from my parents, teachers, friends, family, anyone who is supposed to help me and the worst part is they do not listen. it feels like nobody cares because of how often this has been happening. i have been dealing with horrible depressive episodes, disgusting methods of selfharm, and days where i do not sleep or eat because i just want to kill myself since the 3rd fucking grade. i have been this was for almost the majority of my life now and nobody wants to help me because of how long its been. i am scared of myself. i am scared of how alone i am. i am scared of how long its been and how every single episode only gets worse. there is never a time where i feel like this episode was better than the last because it just feels like i am sinking deeper and getting closer and closer to the bottom. i am at a point now where every single problem feels like the end of the world. even now, my boyfriends been distant lately and every moment he is ignoring me just feels like its pushing me closer and closer to the edge. i have dropped food and spiraled downwards, gotten a 99 instead of a 100 , been in a room that is a little too loud, been inable to order my favorite food, etc the smallest shit and my mind forces me into this state. i have had it worse, but it feels like my mind is just looking for any excuse for me to end it all. nobody cares about this. my friends change the subject or demand i be better so we can hang out, my parents think i am faking it for attention for almost a decade now, my relatives do not give a shit about me either way. i cannot bring myself to tell my boyfriend about how bad it is. he is been so supportive of me in the past when i lightly touched on the subject but i cannot bring myself to be vulnerable with him if i am just scared he is going to leave and not care about me anymore or if i am scared i will just be a burden on him. i want to be better so badly. more than anything i want to just be okay and not feel so alone. i am terrified right now because if it keeps getting worse like this i do not know how much longer i will go on. i have dreams and goals. i want to go to college, get married, have children, have a successful career in writing, even normal everyday things like eating my favorite snack, but its so hard to keep going like this. i just want to be happy. i want to feel loved like i was when i was younger. i do not want to feel alone anymore, i just want to be okay. its only getting worse.
i have read some of the posts in this community, and i truly feel for these people who are suffering i wish you the best on your journey of recovery . my thoughts have been intrusive, but not like this. i occasionally think about suicide, but i think i am too busy trying to fool everyone in my life. i am 13, and i genuinely think my mother despises my existence. the amount of complaints i hear about me flying out of her mouth everyday is honestly so sad. i cannot believe my mother finds so many things to nitpick about me everyday. what am i doing wrong? i try to write my emotions down on paper, and i always end up writing why cannot i be a good product of hard work . i am not sure why, but continuing on. i guess to give a background, i am a straight a student and i come from a good background. if you ask me, i should not be depressed. i come from a middle class family that talks with each other every day, and i try to always be there for my friends because sometimes they struggle too. if i were to say i am depressed, no one would look at me the same. i cannot have that. i think because of the pandemic i have lost contact with a lot of my friends, i also talk with my family more often as well. i am not sure that is always a good thing though. it just gives my mom more things to say about me. you are always bothering me stop giving me a headache how can you be so mindless? i do not think she means these things sometimes, but i think now a days she kind of of blocks out what i have to say. in family conversations i would suggest a solution to a problem and she would i guess not hear me and come up with the same solution a few minutes later. one time during a trip she said that she feels that she has the lecture me because my dad is too soft on me, but she has given up on me. i tried to tell her that i acknowledge i react bad when she lectures me but i really do take in what she is saying. the reaction i got was a scoff and her getting mad saying fine, do whatever you want. my brother even felt the need to intervene and try to fix the miscommunication between us. this happens all the time, but the difference is my brother usually is not there to help. i think she loves me, but i did find myself writing i wish my mother would love me at 2am with tears on the paper. i think she just wants me to be independent and successful, i suppose we have the same goal in mind at least. my mother had a difficult childhood, but i will not go in detail about it. i understand she has a lot on her shoulders and my dad is not really someone that can console her, as he also has a past of his own that makes it difficult. but sometimes her words hurt more than my understanding of her past. from an outside perspective, you would not suspect any of this. i would like to keep it that way. i am not sure why i feel any of this due to my background and how fortunate i have been, but i think i have decided to accept these feelings? sorry this ended up not pertaining to the caption, it was a little but of a rant. i have never gone to the internet like this, so i might delete this soon. thank you for your time. i am not even sure if i am depressed.
hello i am from india!i have issue with my family specially mother!my mother sometimes tortures my father! this may sound unusual or some short shitpost but i am serious!my father does not says anything because us me amp my brother if they get divorce we will not have anyone who feed us!my father belongs to lower class family and my mother is from middle class family!just because of my mother we went in to trouble of debt!the actual story is like this my mother thinks my father is on women matter at this moment i am not able to explain properly hope you understand so my mother thinks my father is always looking for another women which 100 wrong.i know my father so wellthis has been happening for years!just because of this we changed more than 6 to 8 houses even we left our 30 lakh personal house and now living in a ranted house.wherever we shift house she always comes with the same excuse that my father looks at neighbours women and then tortures my father with this excuse.she beats him as well and he cannot do anything because of us!after few days everything becomes normal , they starts living happy life but again after few weeks she again starts shouting.i failed in 12th and now thinking to start online blogging and i have started it but due to this family matter i cannot focus!i do not want to study anymore because i know it will be worthless.i just somehow want to go out of this matter and start my own life but due that i cannot focus and gets anxietyif i say something then it will even go more worse and i have failed 12th so even our relatives will not helpi just heard she said i have powerful relatives so i can easily fake accuse you and get away with it! i am recording this staying up stairs idk it recorded clearly or not.please suggest me what should i do!i cannot even tell anyone if i do then they will not trust me and if i open my mouth then they will surely get divorce and things will go worse!that is why i thought to do something online and as soon as i start earning i will start my own life but to this i cannot even focus on thati have a friend who is with me but he does not know anything about this matter.if i tell him then he would kind of help but he is from lower class family lives in a small bathroom like houseso even he will not be able to do much!i have been struggling for 2 years i had started 2 website both of them failed but now i have analysed the market and came with an idea to start a new website but this matter still comes in a wayat the end my father handles everything but i do not think it would last longer, they cry infront of her but she says why tf are you crying now, you did all of this and now crying he begs that this will not happen again but again after few weeks she again starts torturing....i cannot see my father go through that nor i can do that much at this moment.....please please suggest me what to do....at the end if something happens to my father then i do not want to live in regretending life seems better than struggling with this and at the end even if it gets shorted out i do not live in regretplease suggest me what to do please help..... need suggestions please help
i know ill probably get deleted or hated or something. but just the existence of agp makes me want to stop living. my entire life i have been traumatized by the concept that women are just sex objects, that they are just sexy or cute and dumb and all this other stuff. rarely seeing women representing in the ways men are, and then seeing men get so angry when we bring that up.i have been suicidal before because of that, and tried to take my own life in 8th grade, but failed.this shit has made me feel so bad about existing that it made me think i was trans, so i could just be a man and stop having to live as the inferior class. it took a lot to overcome all of this and learn how to love myself for who i am, and that the sexist notions of womanhood do not define me.but then the other side of the coin.. men who find sexual pleasure in being degraded like a sexy dumb and cute girl. everything men have always made me feel like a woman is, now they are getting off on it. i even dated a male who wanted me to call them a stupid girl in the bedroom while i pegged them, they called themselves a bimbo. they got off to the idea of being a woman. they got to enjoy a full male childhood, still had male hobbies, still did not know what it was like to be treated like a woman in the world. but they got the best of both worlds. they watched sissy hypno porn, which basically told them they were turning into a woman who was going to be fucked like a useless whore. and they liked to dress up like the girls they were attracted to which is not bad by itself, i would love it if they did that without calling themself a woman to see males taking hormones to give themselves breasts because they are attracted to breasts and they want to play with them, and hold them and own them. makes me feel like a sex object again for having breasts naturally.and a lot of these dudes feel like its right for them, because it makes them feel happy. and that is all it takes to see women as sexual objects to buy, if it makes a male feel good inside.i have even seen males who do not identify as women but they just want to go on hrt so they can have a body that they are personally attracted to. idk, if people understood all of this, if society knew about this, maybe i would not feel so hopeless. but common consensus nowadays is that all of these people are just the same as any other woman.i cannot say any of this to anyone because i will get called hateful. i would not be surprised if this post was removed by mods, or i am hounded by comments telling me how shitty i am. but this is my truth. i want to die. i do not want to live anymore because all the sexist shit that has haunted me my entire life can just be a fetish for a male, and we have to respect and treat them like they are no different from me.i feel like the one little thing women have in life, they have taken that too.i know that i am a terrible person. but i cannot stop seeing this. and that is another reason i want to die. because everyone would think i am a shitty person for thinking this way.ill probably delete this. sorry the suicidal feelings come and go, and its because i am a terrible person.
i am 25 years old, male, will not disclose my location, gay?, dragonkin otherkin , i hate humans so deeply, i have no friends in real life or internet, never had a relationship in real life and internet ones always lasted less than one month, have officially recognized disabilities, my family does not care about me, i live with my mother and she is the only person i have talked with in the last 12 months, she refuses to talk to me unless it is for her own interest and she pretends she does not know i am suicidal, i have gone outside multiple times explicitly stating to my parents that i was leaving to kill myself and they never cared, i have been suicidal since i was 13 years old, i have been going to psychs for years both for free and paying and they never helped me one bit so in the end i quit, same goes for depression and anxiety medications, i have been hospitalized a few times as a result of my suicide attempts, my physical health has really deteriorated during the last 5 months, i have really strong dizziness and vertigo 24 7 so i have to lie on bed all day and i struggle to get to the toilet, i also have to eat on my bed and when my mother does not bring me the food i must be hungry and unable to eat, i constantly feel like i cannot keep myself conscious and am on the edge of passing out, i have palpitations and chest pain, my head hurts so much, i am sweating all day and i have the fan on 24 7 right next to my bed, my father and my other relatives do not care and refuse to talk to me, i cry every day and i wish i had tears to cry 24 7, some nights i will have an insomnia so bad i will not sleep at all, while others i sleep for about 16 hours nonstop, some days i will be very hungry again one or two hours after i had my full meal, some others i will not eat anything at all, i am extremely bored, everything i do on the internet i force myself to do it and do not enjoy it at all, i always pray just in case anyone can hear me and i ask them to kill me, if i stop existing after death that is no problem, i made myself an imaginary friend 6 years ago when my father kicked me out because his girlfriend asked him to, no one gives a shit if i die and this time i am going to succeed, because someone else is going to do it for me and make sure of it, i will ignore any unsupportive replies such as those saying life is worth it and not inherent suffering, things will not get better deal with it, i have been told this shit by psychs since 12 years ago and my life has done nothing but become way worse than it used to be, the worst part of it all is knowing that no one cares, and do not say someone cares because you do not know me or my life, it is so easy to talk from ignorance, not even god cares because if he did he would listen to my prayers, being selfish is inherent to life, if it was not species would never evolve, so do not come pretending that you want to help me because the only person you want to help is yourself, you want to feel better with yourself by pretending to care and pretending to do a good action, if you really want me to suffer that bad go to hell suicidal for 12 years, finally i will die
i met this woman off tinder for a hookup. on my profile i mentioned that i like having sex with women with vaginas after she asked me what my preference was. she never disclosed me that she was a woman with a penis even though she is the one who asked me what my preference was. this woman and i talked and video chatted and met up at a hotel.we were getting undressed then i saw that she had male genitalia. once i saw this i asked her what was going on?? she told me it does not matter if she had a penis and that sex was sex and she is still a woman. i told her that i was not comfortable and did not want to proceed.once i did that she completely flipped on me. i tried to leave the room. she would not let me call the front desk or 911. she ripped the phone out my hands and threw it down. she pinned me down on the floor. i tried to fight her off but could not. she entered me then raped me. this was the first time inhad ever been penetrated. she then tried to strangle me and i tried screaming as loud as i could. i bit her face as hard as i could and i kicked her in her penis area and ran into the hallway. i was only in panties and a bra. i screamed for helped and yelled fire!!!. three people came out their rooms and tried to help me. i told them i had been raped and beaten.she then ran out the room still trying to charge at me and the guy out of the three had to hold her back. one of the women who came out of her room gave me her robe and slippers and went down with me to the lobby.the hotel manager took me into their office and asked me what happened then called the police. 4 officers showed up.the hookup who raped me came down to the lobby told the police that i was lying and was crazy. i showed them my bruises. they told me they had no proof that she did that and she also told the officer that if they take her to jail then they are violating her human rights because she is a trans woman.they asked me questions and the hotel manager let 2 of the officers get access into the hotel room to try and take evidence but there was none because she raped me on the floor. i said i wanted a rape kit. they said they have no proof that it was not consensual. they took a report but did not take her to jail. i requested an ambulance who took me to the hospital where i received a rape kit. my hookup was never arrested. i am speaking to lawyers now but do not know what to do.i am extremely distressed and mentally compromised. i am with my family now and took screenshots of our texts and app chats.i keep calling the police department and they keep saying that they have forwarded my report to the prosecutor but i have heard nothing back and its been 5 days.this happened in the state of california as i was there visiting a friend for a week.what are my options? what would you do in this situation? i am in desperate need of help! i was raped this past weekend by a woman with a penis and the police told me they cannot do anything about it because the woman with a penis told them she did not do it. the woman threatened to report the officers for being transphobic if they arrested her then they dismissed me. now i am suicidal.
hey guys, first time posting on here but i feel it is best to get my thoughts out and maybe have some insight from others as i keep a lot of my thoughts inside in person and tend not to share anything with anyone.i first asked the question 'what is the point in life' when i was around 11 to my mum, she did not give me much of an answer and i cannot even remember what she had said so it could not have been much. when i asked that question it was not me feeling suicidal but just being generally interested but i can remember it very well being the first time i felt truly sad and extremely depressed and almost scared, the world completely changed. after a while, i forgot about it completely until i was 16 which is when my mum amp dad sadly passed away shortly after one another, not related deaths and both were unexpected which made it more shocking. a few months after my dad passed i was contemplating suicide, not because i was sad about them passing, i felt i got over it fairly quickly which may sound odd but instead because i could not quite wrap my head around the point of life.i came to the conclusion after endlessly looking into philosophy and general interest in the subject that life is inherently meaningless and in the end we will all die and eventually be forgotten which in itself is bleak and sad. there is of course the argument of there is absolutely no way of knowing the meaning of life, i agree i do not know but i feel at my core that it is completely well and truly meaningless and once we die, it is done, simply done and we will not even know it is over because there will be nothing.this brings me to now, i go through periods of feeling better and then go through really dark, horrible periods such as the one i am having now where i constantly think of ending my life, hurting myself and feeling extremely sad and angry at the fact, at least my fact that life is worthless which kills all joy, all motivation in my life for periods that can be months upon months and what makes me even more mad is that there are others that may not even think anything about life and are so much more happier and enjoying life more than me. i of course am not wanting everyone to suffer, but it just upsets me further that i cannot seem to make myself think that way and simply relax and accept that fact and get on with it i guess.i am truly considering ending my life now as i cannot seem to be happy, i do drag my family down as well as my girlfriend down, she has said to me if i cannot change we will need to end our relationship as she does not want to be sad forever which is obvious and i do not blame her.i am not sure what to do anymore, the constant existential thoughts are very intrusive and it is not as simple as just 'stop thinking about it' as i know that is what most people will do, they simply do not think about life being meaningless and get on with their day but i cannot do that. i am thinking it may be best to speak to a therapist of some sort as there may be a problem with me deeper down?thanks if you have read this, i know it was a lengthy one. existential crisis leasing to suicidal ideation
if you have talked about your suicidal thoughts to a therapist or gp, what was your experience? i feel like most do not want to talk about, while i felt i needed to talk about it. i am so alone with those thoughts.two weeks ago i went to see my gp. that was so hard to do, but i have nowhere else i can go for help. i wanted to try meds again. i have chronic depression with episodes of severe depression and also social anxiety. thoughts about suicide are getting stronger.he seemed alright. also asked me about suicidal thoughts. i found it hard to talk about it to him. i do not know him and i have never really talked about it.he wants to prescribe me meds but first wanted to get some information about me from the last place i went to for an intake, because he does not know anything about me. he would call me later but did not. and after that day his vacation started and he will not be back for another week. i felt abanoned again. i asked for help and nothing. he knows i have no one else to go to. he knows i want to die.but he did ask more about my suicidal thoughts than previous health professionals.i have brought it up several times with a previous therapist and in intakes and the reaction was the same everytime ''i am sorry you feel that way. it must feel really bad to feel this way. but suicide is a definitif soulution to a temporary problem'' they would asks if i have plans and who i should call if i am in ''danger''. and then would ask something else and the subject would change. only my last therapist reacted different ''if you really want to die, you can apply to the life end clinic literally translated '' in my country there is a clinic which can give you euthanasy. it is not easy to get and most people who apply because of mental suffering like depression are rejected . she started asking me about it everytime i mentioned i wanted to die was severe depressed at that time . but i knew they would reject me, so i did not want to go through so much trouble, i would do it myself. but according to her that if i did not want to apply there i did not really want to die. and there was not talked about my thoughts or how to handle that.i have never really talked to anyone about these thoughts. i do not know what to do. i have googled, but all the sugestions i read i have already done. i have asked for help many times and nothing. appearantly you should be able to talk to your therapist about it, but no. not sure if the gp is the right person. you only get 10 or maybe 20 minutes a time. i also lost the little bit of thrust i had in him, because he did not hold his appointmet. and it is not therapy, he is not a therapist. he can direct me to one, but for the last 15 years i seem to get only shitty therapist. i have only had one that has helped me.i do not know what else to do. i am making plans to end it. it is not soon. it has to happen right. i need to take care of some things. i cannot go on living like this. i do not want to. the loneliness, the pain, everything.sorry for the shitty writing. english is not my first language. talking about suicdal thoughts to health professionals
since i 31 have been born, i failed in establishing myself successfully in lifes most important factors at least for my health work, friendship, and love. despite learning more than the average student, i always wrote bad grades. i barely passed high school. beside that i was always mocked in school. i do not recall having one friend. i remember being always nice to people, but somehow, they found me boring. one time i managed to get invited to a new years eve party. when i showed up at the location agreed, nobody was there. i later found out, that they tricked me for fun in to showing up despite they do not want to hang out with me. this is one example of dozens being mocked by my peers.however, i managed to survive school without friends and started motivated into my twenties. i worked my ass off to save up money for college, since its basically impossible to get a good job without a college degree where i live. at 25 i had saved up enough money to finance this. like in school i could not manage to write good enough exams to stay in college. within four five years i failed twice my classes, which led to dropping out of college after five years, since i could not finance it anymore. the only job i could find now, was a minimum wage position. i am doing over hours as a cashier at a fast food chain to make ends meet. this situation drives me insane. i worked many years to save for college to just lost all money i had and get nothing back in return. besides that and never having many friends, i never experienced the slightest amount of romantical intimacy. because of that i suffer from a terrific lack in this basic need. the worst thing about this, is knowing that the reason for my chronical rejection. i am just that unattractive. why i have basically tried everything to make a date happen over the last decade. i signed up on multiple dating sites, i asked out women directly, i joined single meetups. nothing worked. almost every women rejected me. that a woman once showed interest in me, never happened. like every lack in a need, this lack starts to affect my mental resp. physical health negatively. the longer i have been rejected the more i suffered from symptom of this involuntary celibacy. i suffer from panic attacks, insomnia, depression and so on.and i know these symptoms occur because of this situation because whenever i made a small progress in this need like having a date or being touched in this context by a woman, these symptoms disappeared. beside the obvious things like sex, kisses or relationships, i miss out all the social encounters within dating, since i am already getting cut off for a date. i never talk to a women, i never get messaged, i can never message a women. here i am. with nothing and nobody. poor. sick. every women rejects me. i do not know how i should continue living this life without anything of these things. i am going insane. i am basically the man no women wants. how can i accept that? people complained about not being able to date during covid. i am living this nightmare for 31 years. what should i do mean? when nothing in life turns out right
every so often on an askreddit thread i see a post about what men want more of and every time one of the top replies is compliments. i have never been able to relate, i do not say that to be arrogant, just to provide context and hopefully some people reading this may stop judging themselves and others based on appearances. often through my life i have been told i should model, or complimented on my looks, which is rare as a man, but this has never translated into healthy relationships due to anxiety. i grew up with acne until i was in my early 20s and bullying left me with debilitating social anxiety. when i drank it went away but that is never a good strategy.at 25 i finally faced down a few of my demons and with the aid of liquid courage for the first time pulled a one night stand whilst travelling, when it came down to it i could not get hard. i had to jerk myself off to the point of almost finishing so when i did enter i lasted two strokes. after this i dated but felt too nervous about sex to follow up on promising dates, i remember one date with a girl that seemed a very good match, i cancelled on her hours before we were meant to meet twice because of anxiety.a couple years later i started going out and managed to pull a few more one night stands, each time the same routine, i would be hard and ready to go, then have anxiety at the point of penetration and lose my erection. girls were put off by this and even those who had been chasing me down for second and third dates stopped messaging. this made me feel like an abject failure, i looked around at everyone around me, all able to do this fundamentally human thing, and felt isolated for not being able to follow through with the one thing that is the reason any of us are here in the first place.since then i have gone through the cycle a few times avoiding dating altogether gt downloading the apps and sorting myself out with dates gt taking a girl back to mine and going limp at the point of penetration gt avoiding dating altogether gt and on and on.at this point its not just the sexual inexperience but the inexperience with relationships that only further entrenches my feelings of being an outsider who will never fit in. i am now 30, my friends are marrying or having children, and i am unable to do anything more than smooth talk a girl into bed and then fail to penetrate her .this is a deep source of shame for me, noone would guess this about me, i feel like a fraud. some friends have told me they assume i am a fuckboy, it would be interesting to see their reactions if they found out how wrong they were but i am too deeply ashamed to share this w anyone.if i play this out to the future i am not sure what happens. when i was younger i had hope in figuring it all out, but that hope is quickly fading. i have tried cialis, i have entertained loading up on a high dose and visiting prostitutes until i am desensitised to sexual anxiety, but sometimes i feel fated to stay stuck where i am, and that makes for a very bleak outlook. if you read this far thanks, aware i am ranting now. erectile dysfunction and alienation is ending me
i am 31 and have severe post acute withdrawal syndrome from cymbalta. after being on suicide watch and given toxic psychiatric drugs for many, many years my brain, nervous system, and body are permanently damaged and recovery is impossible. thanks to big pharma, psychiatry, and the system which is killing us all i am in a state of unimaginable suffering 247, bedridden a lot of the time, sick, with heart palpitations, dizziness, ringing in my ears, muscle spasms, brain zaps, headaches, spotty vision, nausea, suicidal thoughts, panic attacks, akathesia, brain fog, insomnia, psychosis, nightmares, sweating, hot and cold, etc the symptoms go on and on. i am already in a support group for this and i am not tapering my dose anymore. but regardless of that there is nothing further that can be done to improve my situation. recently i went to the dentist to get a cracked filling replaced and she told me the mercury in the new filling could not get into my body. but that is not true. she used improper extraction methods and did not protect me from the toxins she drilled out of the old tooth, and now i am sick with mercury poisoning as well. i am such an idiot and should know not to trust any doctors anymore. i should have done my research before. but i was dumb and listened to this idiot. now i am sicker in pain and i want to kill my self. my gf is sleeping and for me i think i would like to go jump off a bridge. i researched it before and it seems like one of the better options. my entire life has been hell but since march i have been getting sicker and sicker and have been in a new level of hell i cannot deal with any longer. my parents try to help but they are dumb idiots who keep trusting the system and do not understand that its killing me and killing us all. they are dumb and i tried to stick around for them but a lot of times i hate them. my brother killed himself 2 years ago but they do not understand that it was a suicide. he did drugs and got possessed by demons. i know because i have spoken to him. people think i am lucky because my parents and gf always stop me from killing myself but really i just want to die. but since my experience with my brother i do worry about going to purgatory. no i did not think it was real either. but sadly it is and the death does not even bring any relief. but i want to do it anyway. anything to get away from this never ending hell. i have tried everything already to feel better but nothing works. i am in hell forever. my family needs to let me go but they do not understand. i feel no one understands the pain i am in. i am also scared to do it so i hope i will die suddenly by accident. like a giant meteor come down and strike this awful place. i know what caused this but for me its too late now. brain damage permanent i cannot think or get out of hell. and i cannot get off this demonic medication which is a chemical prison of hell. i am scared to do it so i hope i die soon. otherwise i might have to do it myself and i have to pray for the courage so i do not have to continue in this horrible existence. please something kill me instantly
last time i was suicidal before this time , i told myself that maybe there was someone out there who needed me. maybe the challenges i have faced have uniquely prepared me to understand some special person. they would understand me too and we could find strength in each other. and i thought about how tragic it would be if that person killed themselves before we could make that connection. maybe we could have had a serendipitous meeting the very next day. its possible.as of now, i have no one to talk to. after a lifetime of being immediately shut down on the few occasions i tried to open up about how i felt, i finally have people in my life who recognize i have an actual health condition. i have a few people who want to help. counselors and random people also seem eager to help. but they do not seem to get it. some people seem to view me as a fragile, weak little creature they think needs to be coddled. i absolutely hate this because they have no idea about the monsters i have faced. they have no idea how hard, and how long i have fought alone in the darkness. pushing forward through the terror with only the weakest flicker of hope to sustain me. some people offer pity, but others think they have solutions. like i have not already tried all that. i work out consistently. even though i am exhausted. i have learned how to weather the hurricane of my emotions. i learned to assert myself and cut out toxic influences. i have learned how to get things done despite the heaviness. but i cannot force myself to find meaning or satisfaction in my life. i tried. i moved across the country alone several times, tried new lines of work, fresh settings. i got rid of everything and went backpacking through mexico for 6 months. i have spent extended periods of time travelling in other countries, or backpacking through the wilderness all over the united states. i have tried to open up to people. all this in attempt to see something meaningful or worthwhile in this life. meaning was elusive so i tried very hard to create my own. for a couple years i convinced myself id successfully created one. my purpose was to develop a deeper understanding of nature through the study of science. now, having just completed my degree, i am again lost for a purpose. i could create another big long term goal, i guess. but its so exhausting to work so hard for a goal when i also have to work so hard to have a goal to begin with. when i have to work so hard to make myself care about anything. every day is a chore. i work so hard and force myself to do things just to keep my body alive, or in the futile attempt to balance my brain. i feel like i was meant to die years ago, but death somehow forgot me. its like i missed my stop, now i am riding a train to nowhere to the end of the line. and there is not even a view because it is night and outside there is only darkness. maybe it would not be so bad if i found someone else on this same train. i allow myself to entertain the thought, but i have waited long enough. i have dragged this out long enough. i am ready as i will ever be. alone on a train to nowhere
my psychiatrist diagnosed me with bipolar type 2 when i was 21 i am 22 now . i was given anti psychotics and anti depressants to treat it.at that time, i was in the process of losing weight and i would hit 185lbs, which was nice for me because i finally felt good in my body as i was fat since i was 12 and the process of losing it felt like i was progressing towards good. the anti psychotics stopped all that, and after two months i hit 235lbs before i would finally stopped taking them, and when i went off it, the anti depressants disturbed my sleep more than usual, so i have stopped taking them as well.i feel utterly crushed now. this is the worst my weight has gotten. i got stretch marks along my belly, which tells me that even if i lost all the weight i have gained, i will have loose skin. i was always the fat kid growing up, i always felt ugly and my parents enjoyed making fun of me for it, resulting in me being extremely self conscious about my body.now my body is ruined forever, and i can never have the body i have always wanted and tried to work for. and i guess i can get over it. i can, let us say, dedicate myself to something meaningful, finding someone who loves me regardless of what my body is, and so on and so forth, but i need the anti psychotics and anti depressants to ever be reliable in what i do, otherwise i enter depressive phases where i do nothing for weeks, making jobs unstable i only last 2 3 months before i stop showing up , and doing extremely poorly in school to the point where now i am at the point where i am a semester away from either dropping out or being kicked out.i feel incredibly resentful about this and everything. i was doing better before i sought help, and now i feel like my life was destined for failure the whole time. i was given a mental illness i did not choose, given garbage parents who abused me physically and mentally growing up which ruined my childhood and adolescence, not only like that but they moved around so much i never had friends in middle school and high school. covid has ruined college for me, and now when i seek help in adulthood in the way society has told me to seek help, i get my body ruined leaving me more broken than before.now i see everyone around me doing better. my sister is getting married and moving on, all the people i knew growing up are doing better and moving on, and i am just a borderline neet, soon to be a leech to everyone around me.there is no way to win. i was never helped, i was never loved, and now it feels like i will never be helped and loved. i do not even know if i can even feel love anymore, because i do not know what it is. i have been through depressive phases before but now it feels like hope is really lost.idk, i have fantasizing about taking all my money i have been saving for student loans and going somewhere beautiful, or waste it all on a bike trip across the country to somewhere beautiful, then ending it. i do not want to die having lived in my room and staring at a screen throughout all my adolescence and adulthood so far. anti psychotics ruined my fucking life.
i think we can all agree that 2020 was a crappy year then again what year is not crappy, 2021 is no different, but 2020 was definitely crappier than most . however, for me it was the most relatively stable time in years. it was by no means perfect and i still wanted to die, but most of the time i actually looked forward to the next day whereas now i get a panic attack every time i wake up realizing that i did not die in my sleep. back in 2020, i did not go to school much because of corona, so i had less school stress. my relationships with others were good, and i always daydreamed of a perfect future. let us fast forward to now. i hardly get any sleep or relaxation due to the stupid summer classes and tuitions she puts me in. i have either pushed everyone i love away because that is the asshole i am, or they pushed me away. everyone who told me they cared for me probably do not give two shits about me now. my days are filled with worry, depression and anxiety, with some bursts of positive energy that only come from sugar and caffeine, which leave me even more tired and depressed after. most of my time is spent in nostalgia, mostly for my childhood when my only worries were when my favorite cartoons would come on and the occasional bully, however sometimes i am nostalgic for things that happened a few months, or even a few days ago, because i am starting to realize how quickly time passes us by. to make things worse, my school starts in a few years, so more depression and anxiety is on its way. and in a few years, i will be an adult, so i will get, depression, anxiety and all the other negative emotions special edition now with bills and student loans! i should have killed myself back in 2020. i should not have waited for my life to deteriorate more. if i killed myself when things were relatively good, i would have gotten a happy ending rather than the painful memories flashing before my eyes if i killed myself now. of course, i was too scared back then and i am too scared even now.you know, if there is one thing that society's right about, it is that there is a lesson to be learnt from almost every situation. i would not say that going through all this shit was worth the lesson, but i did learn that the world and society will always be fucked up, greedy assholes, that things will never get better, that getting too attached to people too quickly is a deathtrap because 99.9 of people who say they care about you will backstab you, that the saying, it is better to have loved and lost than to not have loved at all is bullshit, that only people society deems to be 'mentally healthy' and have not seen true pain hate the idea of death. people like you and me and everyone on this subreddit have been through shit that made us realize that death is probably the best part of life. sure, some of us might fear death, and yeah it is never okay to encourage someone to take their life, but i have learnt not to hate death and embrace and love the fact that, even if not now, it will come eventually. i should have killed myself when things were relatively good
honestly it feels like i am living a hell that was created for me. my father was negligent and never bothered to spend time with me, blaming it on the fact that i looked unapproachable. to this day he still owes my mother 8k in child support. my mother was abused and so, i too was abused both physically and mentally. i remember that when i was young, i did not want to shower because i did not want to get my hair wet, her solution was to put me at risk for hypothermia by keeping in a shower with freezing water. and honestly, to this day i never got over it. i never got over the fact that she never made time for me, meaning that i had to raise myself since i was 10 years old. i never got over her tantrums. wherever i set her off, she would threaten to knock all of my teeth out. i finally moved out after a really shitty fight that made me feel like that place was not home. the place that i am at now does not feel like home either. i have 3 roommates and the two guys that i live with are such a hassle. the first one will not pick up after their dog and there is always a mess of fur everywhere. he will not even pick up after his dog's poop from outside. the second person believes that if he does not talk about his problems, they will go away eventually. they have resorted to calling me childish and immature because i get frustrated that they cannot pick up after themselves. they do not clean, put their dishes in the dishwasher, cook, etc. even leaving the lights on all night knowing that it will raise the electrical bill. i honestly feel like maybe i am the one that is causing the problems. i am the one that just does not understand the people around me. but i just do not feel like i can right now. my mom uses me as a punching bag because her mother is passing away, my other grandmother passed away a couple of weeks ago whom i was much closer to , having to move out, trying to locate my first job, and having to deal with my own constant thoughts...i just cannot anymore. i am trying so hard to give myself a reason to still be here because i want to live most of all. i want to fail in love. i want to grow old. but most of all, i want to try new foods and see so many new things. if i left then i would never get to finish reading my webcomics. i would never get to listen to songs from colliding with mars and unlike pluto. i would never get to finish any of my favorite games. and i am still here because i recognize that my pain would just transfer over to my family. just the thought of it all being over, it sounds like such a blissful idea. it makes me feel like i will finally be at peace.i would not have to cry anymore. i would not have to feel hopeless. i would not have to suffer. i finally would not feel so lonely. and i would not have to deal with the fact that i am emotionally fucked up. i wish that i knew how i can make things better. i want things to change but i do not know how or where to start. because if i have to hold on, i know that sooner or later, i will let go. and when i do, there is no turning back. every day feels like a burden
i feel like i have lost my humanity. i feel like an empty she will drifting through space and time, nothing more and nothing less. there is no soul, there is no me...what am i? am i an amalgamation of chemical components working in unison to produce this thing we call consciousness, or am i something more? the more i live and the more i think, the more i know the former is true. we are chemical systems with an imperative to continue existing forever, every choice, every thought, every reaction was preprogrammed, free will does not exist.every problem my thinking solves just causes further dilemma. each dilemma deepens the existential dread. i yearn for love, but love does not exist. love was a lie, love was a fairytale and a marketing scheme used to exploit the people. love is a chemical reaction, another preprogrammed reaction that drives us to reproduce, to continue existing forever. no two people love each other forever, the feelings fade and time drives them apart. i have seen it countless times, so why do i expect any different? why do i still dream? why do i cling to a lie so urgently? does this mean there is something more? i wonder, and then i realize there is not. i realize its the same reason i crave intimacy and connection, why we despise being alone, its more biological imperatives instilled within us to increase our chances of survival. we are social creatures, we evolved this way because it was the most effective strategy. i crave for that which i have never had, only because i was wired to crave it in the first place.i think about my estranged relationship with family, i think about how my father will soon die and all we will leave between us is painful memories and regret. i feel a slight sinking inside of me, just for a moment those old emotions rise within me, but just as quickly as they come, they go and again i am left with emptiness. i quickly remember that none of it matters, when he is gone it will be like i never existed in his perspective, for his perspective will seize to exist. the same will soon happen to me. the feelings fade because i remember they do not exist. i remember that they too are just chemical reactions firing off inside my brain. they mean nothing, the emotion is not real. it existed because it was imperative to my survival that i feel love for my parent, just as with every human life. its funny how i wish i could go back to when i felt human, to when i felt alive. i miss feeling, i miss when life was still a mystery, to those days where i was not a jaded husk. i stared into the abyss and saw only blackness. those painful days where you wish the pain would leave forever, you soon realize those days were still better than the days you thought you wanted. careful what you wish for.i wonder, why does life want to live? why does life fight so hard in a universe where all the odds are stacked against it, where the very intrinsic functions act to destroy it? why does it adapt and arrange itself in way to keep going? well, maybe its because it does not know any better. nothing matters, nothing is real
been having suicidal thounghts since i was 10, i am 24. was able to use work to distract me from thoughts but last december i had a work place injury that caused me to have seizures and chronic migraines. had to move back in with my dad and nephew because i coupdnt drive to get groceries or make appointments. for 6 months workers comp kept postponing a neurological visit while i watched the medical bill pile climb. finally saw a dr who was 2 hrs 30min away and after 2 visits lasting 15 min each, he said it was stress related. workers comp dropped me like a sack of potatoes and said good luck. 1 month later and still having episodes without any sign of a trigger. memory is getting worse, was not able to remember nephews name and after dad got back from a week long trip i did not recognize his face. tried getting cbt but cannot afford it. going to online school to keep mind occupied but will fall asleep for 24 36 hrs after a 6hr course day. tried using free therapy but cops showed up to house to take me to er after telling dr over phone that idealizition was getting to point i was having visions of doing it and waking up confused when i was still at my computer desk. overheard nephew telling people all i do is sleep and that he does not like that i lived with him. dad stopped having genuine conversations with me after talking to the cops. last thing he said was i should not put him through lossing a son. now when i talk to him it seems like he is annoyed or wants me to figure out how to be happy. other family members or friends have told me to get over it after telling them what the dr told me. i have tried telling myself that i am having the seizures on purpose for attention and that i have tricked myself into believing they are real. when i end up sleeping for entire day or two, i have been telling myself its because i am a leech wanting people to feel bad for me. i want to go back to work but i am super nervous about trying to explain that i have stress induced seizures that because me to have partial awareness and that sometimes my feet and, hands turn blue for no reason. i also fear trying to explain why i was receiving workers comp for 6 months.i want to have a good relation with my nephew but all he does is lie to get outta chores work so he can watch reaction videos. when i tried playing a board game with him, he said he did not like playing games were he can lose. he told me he liked pc stuff so i tried showing him it stuff which he said he only likes youtube. i tried watching youtube videos with him but it was all grown men screeching and overacting to minecraft.i am super tired all the time to the point i cannot play video games without falling asleep. i try excersising but i end up feeling drunk asf and unable to eat without pain. i had to reduce the amount pot i smoke not a stoner because i kept going into hr long convulsions. i wish i had the courage to grab my shotgun and create a cavity where my heart is. i keep hoping that during an episode i choke on my tongue or my heart rips itself apart. so tired
i will admit, i was once depressed a few years ago when i would been sadistically bullied into depression by some toxic people at my middle school who spread rumors. toxically pestered me everyday during lunch when my elementary school bff moved away . also having a person physically shove me against locker room walls because they thought it was funny.i honestly do not feel depressed anymore. but that does not entirely stop me from contemplating on just the situation of a life i suppose we all are in, and being a lil glum about maybe how sad it all is.like, there is always a feeling of melancholy after a fun day with friends and family. because it is like, eventually you would not be able to just see them anymore out of whatever reasons life just puts forth. in what business of a circumstance or just state of living you would have to be in. death perhaps? how much more time do i have with these human beings before they are gone? years just pass by in a blink of an eye and your friends and lovers are all moving away, along their separate paths. you are just left to find new friends who will repeat the same process of leaving you behind in some form. i am a high school rising junior having recently moved to a different high school during the pandemic. and i have made friends. and i suppose the amount of hard work you would be willing to put into a successful much of a future eventually dwindles down to the instance which people end up using you for your success. and do not exactly think of you outside of the image of which you have come to present yourself as successful. if you become successful enough, i suppose you become just an isolated image of success of which no one exactly can relate to, and just are intimidated by your presence, without really getting to know you.as for the other life's other non human relationship fun stuff, i mean, being on this planet for some few lt 80 years, these fun activities become repetitive and sort of just loose their meaning. i guess you have all done it before. or will do it all some time. why am i doing this? and why is this fun?and it is that all these fun and happy instances of which you are to be living are not exactly as long lasting as you might hope. that they all dwindle down to just the feeling of pain which leaves when all these feelings of joy just fade or die away as sadness takes hold. and it is that, perhaps pain is the natural state of which we are presented to live in. and it is as if we are just trapped in this sphere of a blue world. if you are a faithful person, maybe your faith gives you a meaning that you are supposed to accomplish a goal out of your life. but is not this goal a mode of which you are to be used by others?there are just too many instances to be sad as opposed to being happy. and it is just, do i want to continue living if all this sense of happiness is just a toxic reminder of the pain and sadness of the natural world when it is all over?tl dr the meaning of life does not feel very happy. but are not we just all waiting for death?...
general narcissist venting, feel free to comment if you wantthe thought of dying without being able to see if anyone cares or not just fucks with me too much to actually commit suicide. i mean of course they would care. people even care when strangers die. the initial shock of someone you knew dying and knowing that you could not do anything about it is very traumatizing. but i think what would affect them is the idea of a family member dying, and not that they would miss things about me or reminisce over memories or anything like that. the only memories they have of me is me being a dumbass or saying what? five times in a row because my hearing is going.but the thought of this makes me want to go out and be something that i know i cannot be. i want to make something of myself but i just, i cannot. i have nothing to put on my resume, i cannot do taxes, there is so many obvious things that other people know that i just do not! and nobody thinks to tell me because i should already know! why do not i already know basic crap! why did i spend my childhood locked in my room instead of trying to learn and develope like a normal child! why cannot i take care of myself without burning out? if i brush my teeth, shower, get dressed, and do my hair routine all in the same day then i am burnt out! that is it! i cannot do anything else for the day, i am too tired! there is no way i could work or get a job like this! i would burn out after one task and get fired! i hate that my huge sense of self importance has manifested into me always focusing on how i am the worst instead of atleast making me delusional enough to think that i am the best. i hate that my self esteem is based on other people's approval, but unlike other narcs i do not get approval because i am literally shit at everything so i am just an unmotivated sack of shit who cannot do anything. i hate that i even told anyone that i am a narc. of course they would not accept me!! what the hell was i thinking!! what kind of idiot would expect anything different!! things are not going to get better for the npd community, not in my life time atleast! well, maybe that will be another reason to stay alive. imagine being an old man and seeing 20 something year olds openly talk about their npd recovery process that they felt no shame entering because there is no more stigma, experiencing something i could not. maybe. when i am in my 80s. and my mom, my poor mom. she has to pay for everything because i cannot do shit on my own. physical therapy, regular therapy, medication, my food, i hate this!! you should not have to take care of me!! you should be relaxing somewhere without worrying about my next diagnosis or my next medication or whether or not any treatment is working!! you should be doing your hobbies and i should be the one buying you things!! maybe i will get to the point of recovery where i am not so self centered, and then i can finally let go. and they can all finally live their lives. i wish i was not such a narc so i could just find peace in death
general narcissist venting, feel free to comment if you wantthe thought of dying without being able to see if anyone cares or not just fucks with me too much to actually commit suicide. i mean of course they would care. people even care when strangers die. the initial shock of someone you knew dying and knowing that you could not do anything about it is very traumatizing. but i think what would affect them is the idea of a family member dying, and not that they would miss things about me or reminisce over memories or anything like that. the only memories they have of me is me being a dumbass or saying what? five times in a row because my hearing is going.but the thought of this makes me want to go out and be something that i know i cannot be. i want to make something of myself but i just, i cannot. i have nothing to put on my resume, i cannot do taxes, there is so many obvious things that other people know that i just do not! and nobody thinks to tell me because i should already know! why do not i already know basic crap! why did i spend my childhood locked in my room instead of trying to learn and develope like a normal child! why cannot i take care of myself without burning out? if i brush my teeth, shower, get dressed, and do my hair routine all in the same day then i am burnt out! that is it! i cannot do anything else for the day, i am too tired! there is no way i could work or get a job like this! i would burn out after one task and get fired! i hate that my huge sense of self importance has manifested into me always focusing on how i am the worst instead of atleast making me delusional enough to think that i am the best. i hate that my self esteem is based on other people's approval, but unlike other narcs i do not get approval because i am literally shit at everything so i am just an unmotivated sack of shit who cannot do anything. i hate that i even told anyone that i am a narc. of course they would not accept me!! what the hell was i thinking!! what kind of idiot would expect anything different!! things are not going to get better for the npd community, not in my life time atleast! well, maybe that will be another reason to stay alive. imagine being an old man and seeing 20 something year olds openly talk about their npd recovery process that they felt no shame entering because there is no more stigma, experiencing something i could not. maybe. when i am in my 80s. and my mom, my poor mom. she has to pay for everything because i cannot do shit on my own. physical therapy, regular therapy, medication, my food, i hate this!! you should not have to take care of me!! you should be relaxing somewhere without worrying about my next diagnosis or my next medication or whether or not any treatment is working!! you should be doing your hobbies and i should be the one buying you things!! maybe i will get to the point of recovery where i am not so self centered, and then i can finally let go. and they can all finally live their lives. i wish i was not such a narc so i could just find peace in death
i was heavily considering killing myself in december 2019, and honestly, the idea was never completely out of my head prior to that either. i wish i did. i wish every single day that i did.things were finally getting better and i had just received a handful of amazing once in a lifetime opportunities the week before the pandemic officially started a you.s. lockdown. i had one week. just one week that i did not think about dying every single morning and every single night.everything has been hell. i lost my apartment and had to move home because the person i moved in with went absolutely insane and had a total breakdown and started aggressively forcing me to live by her conspiracy theory rules. covid is spread via the sidewalk, covid is spread via open windows in the air two stories up, the windows needed to be boarded up, never once leaving the apartment in a year, etc. covid is a completely different experience for those who have significant others and a stable living situation. i had neither. i tried so hard to go on dating sites so i would not be completely alone. but people would lovebomb me and then when i was invested they would start being abusive and degrading and cruel. i gave up.it feels like women genuinely do not care about anything other than their boyfriends no matter how progressive or new age they are. all of my female friends revolved their entire lives around their boyfriends since the pandemic started, and honestly before that too.i hate being home. i despise it. but i social distanced as much as possible. i was guilted or shamed by people for going out, and guilted and shamed by people for staying in. it felt like all my female friends would always justify that they constantly visited their boyfriends, or spent all their time with their boyfriends. but if i ever saw a friend once a month, it was frowned upon.why? why is it so taboo and wrong for me to be social just because it was not with someone who i was fucking.my friends all made me realize that it is impossible to ever get structure unless i somehow manage to find a significant other. but i have tried so hard to date and almost every time has been a traumatic experience.i am so jealous of them. i hate them. i do not want to hate my friends. but i feel so angry. i feel so misunderstood. absolutely none of the people who judged me would ever go through what i went through.i moved back home with my parents from a huge city to a town with 800 people. my parents, i love very much but they are both abusive. i did not have a choice. i had to leave my apartment because my roommate had stopped working and paying rent. i would have had to pay the entire 2 bedroom rent if i stayed.i feel like a burden. i wish i had just died. there is no place for me in this world. i have not been happy in two years. i lost everything. i will never have a life that is rewarded in a pandemic. i am not meant to be happy amp x200b amp x200b i will only ever destroy my life and i do not deserve happiness i wish i killed myself before the pandemic
i do not know what it is, i do not even know if its by the faults of my own doing or if there is an alternate source, whether it be internal or external, that continues to bash me on the head with ideas and thoughts that are not my own, ones that i feel cannot possibly be at my own doing. my names nat. i am 16, trans she they , and autistic. all of these play a factor into what i feel may be underlying factors playing into my depression and self sabotaging tendencies. it seems as if every friendship or relationship i have is toxic in some regard, mostly due to my influence. i am horrible at making new friends, so whenever an old friendship has officially concluded i continue to try and call them back to me, so i no longer will bathe in my own desperations and self loathing ideologies. i beg and make a fool of myself. and the few friendships i have maintained have only been at the expense of others. even if they say they do not mind caring for me and helping me through these problems, even if they are also there to lend a helping hand, i never feel as though i do enough in return to grasp it and accept it, that is, their love. i make a bigger deal out of problems constantly, and have no reasonable output or control of my emotions. something as small as someone leaving me on read can lead me down a dark spiral into depressing thoughts and much darker ideas. i feel i am not one singular person, but many different people trying to take control of a body that refuses to cooperate. the small glimpses of happiness and fulfillment are quickly overshadowed by long, drawn out periods of mania and depression. i never feel happy with life anymore. even when i am enjoying life, i always have a feeling in the back of my mind that i could be doing better, that i could be getting more out of life.for example, i started my first job yesterday and i loved it. the people there were really nice and helpful, and despite not wanting to work in fast food, i really enjoyed my time at sonic working there. but last night i had a breakdown because i kept thinking of all the little mistakes i made and how i felt i would stay where i was and continue falling behind my coworkers. i feel as if i do not deserve peoples sympathy and love, but at the same time, crave it more than anything. i am willing to completely change who i am for someone i find admirable. my life at this point has no balance, and the smallest hint of work or anything adult like college and taxes, i shut down and am unable to function like a normal human being. something as simple as my friend saying sorry for not texting back, i was at work makes me want to dispose of my phone and hide away in my room from everyone, to shut myself in from the outside world. because i feel inferior to them, i feel i could somehow be better, even if they and i are on a similar level of ability. even now, as of writing this, i feel like i am over exaggerating, that maybe things are not as bad as i put them. after all, even if it is rare, i still can be happy. a vent
hi. so a bit of background.my dad is 54 years old and has been married to my mum for 30 years. when my mum had me 21 , she developed postpartum depression which lead to psychotic depression and according to him this has essentially changed her and unfortunately has lead to a somewhat unhappy marriage, although things have recently been stabilised in terms of any arguments. my mum has also suffered abuse as a child and multiple different traumas which has lead to her being very underdeveloped cognitively and intellectually which on top of the depression results in her being unable to properly look after herself. this is why my dad has never divorced, hes never said it outright but i reckon the only reason he stays is because of the sense of obligation.his relationship with me as a child used to be good, but it was always tainted with his anger. he would shout at me for spilling juice or for asking for magazines toys, or just for nothing if work had been bad. essentially as i grew up, i became more frustrated with his anger and started shouting back as a teenager does. he took this to mean his anger should not be restricted then. one time when i was 14, i went to the wrong street for him to pick me up one street over and as soon as i got in the car, he started driving as bit, hit the brakes then screamed in my face i hate you, i fucking hate you. he would always apologise after but it felt like walking on eggshells always. i have not had anything like that recently with him, but i do not know if that is because hes better or there is more distance between us in our relationship. overall, i very much get the impression that he feels trapped by my mother and i, that he wishes life could have been different.he has his mum and dad but his anger has caused their relationships to be strained. he has maybe three friends? but he only sees them at work.i have suspect this has caused him to be depressed, bear in mind hes never claimed to be outright depressed. for a while now hes talked about death and he hopes he dies soon. my mother was on holiday with him last year and told me that she found him weeping in the shower and after that he tried to leave the apartment naked mental breakdown? but he was fine the next day. i did not say anything because i was scared, terrified of what he would say if confronted about it. the only person i would ask about stuff like this is my dad, but that is not an option. my mother is in no state of mind to handle this so it falls on me.tonight he said to me that we had to talk about what i should do when he dies, get everything in order. i said to him no let us not, because you are not going to die for a good while, to which he responded with you will be lucky if i am here next week. he then reminded me before going to bed about this talk were to have. i am terrified. i think hes going to do it. i love him so much please help me here. i do not know how to help him. i do not even know if i am overreacting or what. what should i do. i think my dad might kill himself
i did say more because a couple of things really bothered me. and i am just wanting to get things out. if this is the last i speak to her. but man i did go insane so much in the past. so please use this as a example who not to make mistakes like i done. and to speak in a crisis with your girlfriend or friend. i was stressed overwhelmed and stubborn thinking i could handle it. but i just could not i will beat this. and i am sorry for being closed off and vague. i do want it to be healthy between us that is my goal. and to be healthy inside my mind. do not be too harsh on me. i know i have message a lot!! you can see i really did try for us when we were together. i just felt overwhelmed. i only want you to see from my perspective. everything i said is what is going on in my head like a track car going the track never finishing so please understand i am not a bad guy. i never meant to hurt you or upset you. because you seem angry and fed up. i get it. its emotional draining. and i did not respect you when i needed to give you space. i am just mentally drained confused shy lost. self esteem and feels robbed from losing you. from my mental health and not talking to you. which is why i told you all these things. it might be too late but as a guy. mental health needs to be talked. with men because i have to feel strong. but i felt weak and exposed. it took me a long time to speak about this with you like 5 months after we broke up. not that you cared but i thought you deserve to know, maybe my autism and communication really did not help me in this situation. thinking if i win her back i will not have to tell her anything. like pulling my hair out. so i did not speak or say anything to protect you. if i am a bad guy that deserves to be out of life forever for putting you first and pressuring myself to be the best in everything for you. then i am sorry, but i would always put you first that is what i do with any girl i love. because i want the best for them. i find it sad because i would have done anything to understand you and help you like i did when you cried to me about kyle been so depressed except i bottle it. but i know now i need independent temporary. because its important to me to learn. and not put all my eggs in one basket. i certainly tried but like i said. this what here. now is nothing more than just a sad love story. it may have driven me mad and crazy but not dangerous. so i am sorry if i portrayed myself to you as a character like that. that is not me. the person you loved in 2019 who had a job doing well was in love. very chilled outgoing doing new things that was me. 2020 miserable upset dan did not want to do anything that was not me. that was depressed dan. stupid dan who did not talk, i am going to beat and i want to remember this because its important for me. to motivate myself and remind me if i do not talk. this is what will happen. do you want to lose whoever like you lost emma. no.so it brings pain and sadness but reminds me to speak. letter to my ex part 2
first and foremost please save the dramatics because i have already made my mind up and my decision is final. please know there is nothing you can or could do.i am jealous of people in mental wealth wards. that is where i want to be. but i do not think i would qualify, as i am not outwardly a danger to myself or others. i have been through the healthcare system multiple times, and it only ever made me worse. i am on 100mg of sertraline and all it is done is made me more anxious and i cannot even enjoy music anymore. i cannot cry anymore, i cannot laugh anymore, i cannot cum anymore tmi i know . i am convinced at this point there is nothing i can do to ever make things better. not to sound like the joker lmao but society is fucked. i hate it. people are evil. capitalism is evil. i do not want any part in this, and i would rather spend the rest of my life in isolation.i have attempted to end things twice before but failed. once due to cowardice, and the second due to luck. i got better for a while, or at least i thought i did, but after covid things have just completely collapsed and i am worse than i ever have been. i cannot deal with my brain constantly. i have no idea how i am supposed to navigate my way through this hellscape of a world with a brain that constantly makes things 10x more difficult. i am 21 years old, i am so anxious i cannot leave the house, unemployed, just dropped out of university, i have literally no friends, and all the friends i have had in the past i have ended up pushing away. i have nasty intrusive thoughts all the time, too awful to even say out loud. i am not comfortable in my own skin. i have no idea what i am doing with my life. i have tried so hard to do good and be good but i have realised the problem is not me, it is the world. the world is fucked and i do not want to be in it.so, i have a plan for tonight. i have got 20 packs of aspirin and i am going to swallow as many as i can. i will wash it down with vodka. i am going to put my favourite album on and turn the volume up all the way. my parents will be out at the pub drinking and watching the football. i have never cared for football so it is not surprising to them that i am staying home. they will not be out all night though, and will probably return at 10 or 10 30pm. so, the way i see it, either they come home too late and i am already dead or they come home, call an ambulance and i miraculously survive. at least then they will probably take me seriously and throw me in a ward where i belong.and yeah i am posting this for attention. do i want pity? yeah, probably. just say you love me and tell me not to do it and feel sorry for me and all that. it will not do anything but at least it might give me a little bit of serotonin before i take the gamble.if you are suicidal yourself reading this, stop lurking this sub. get help. reading stuff on here is not going to make you feel any better, it is an echochamber of suicidal ideations. get off of here for your own good. well, i think this is it.
tw self harm, blood, gaslighting ??? but it feels like the only option i have. i cannot live in this abusive household anymore, my mom has outrageous bpd symptoms and she remains undiagnosed, i am so fucking upset with how she treats me, i tried talking to her as calmly as i could about going to the carnival with my cousin whose family she despises because my dad convinced her all of the outside family is bad and they are going to judge their toxic relationship and because i do not want her to get mad, i tried being the nicest i could, but she had to blame me for everything bad that happened to my two younger brothers when we both had no idea it would happen when we came back here from the womens shelter and i am just so fucking mad she is allowed to say oh i do not remember that happening your dad never hit me i do not remember you saying this you are makimg stuff up again then when j start crying because it feels like my mum beyrayed me, and i start sobbing between words and shaking, and talking louder because she is talking over me, she says she will call the cops on me and say i am psycho and i fuckingn godsddddddd whyyy whyyeu there was a time she was nicer but now that i am 15 she treats me as an adult i have literally self harmed so much in the past few days on my one arm because of her, and after that fight i came upstairs and did it about almost 15 more times because i was crying that hard, she does not know i do iti have a therapjst and i teied calling her but she did not pick up, and my arms sting but i am not going to die, i just cannot believe my mum is a fucking assholei want to tell my therapist evertthing about the abuse but if i do my brothers will get taken away and i am so scared i domt want them getting more abused in a foster home i just want my family back to normal i want to be admitted into the psych ward because i am scared ill hurt myself worse and cut deeper, but i am scared ill be hit or beaten by my dad if he finds out i cuteverytime i have tried telling him i wanted to kill myself he would tell me to stop talking about it, and that i am being a coward and everyone in this household is depressed, and i am not special, and i am sorry for making this long i am sorta crying inbetween words here, i need to get this off my chest, i domt know how to get better, i do not know if telling my rherapist i cut myself will get cps called, i do not know if telling her i want to activsly kill myself will also get cps called i am i am canada , i domt even know if i should do it i fjcking cannot stand both my parents and thw abuse and neglect and i am so fucking scared i am going to do it one day and they will pretend it never happened, i wanma do it to show how awful theyvw treated me but they wknt care if i dieim going to clean the blood off my arm right now but i am still terrified and crying, meanwhile she is pretending thw whole argumwnt we just had, mever happened, and she is making lunch for evrry one but me, and dads at work so idk i dom't want to do it
i am 17 and from london and all my life i have been living torturing myself without realising it. the way i think is so messed up and it stemmed from an early child, which i am regretful of not fixing. it is only since last year that i realised that there was something severely wrong with me. i do not have a sense of being a child because i have no friends and self isolated myself my whole life without knowing how affecting it is on a kid. i never went out during high school and i do not remember primary. during high school i came home straight after school and i did not even go out on weekends. and i had a totally warped perspective of school, where i took it too seriously. i did not realise anything wrong with this until this year or so and its haunting me. further more, i grew up quickly when i was young but it went far left. my mum passed when i was 9 and life just hit me hard and anything bad in my life was exaggerated due to this. like i was poor and that got to my head, that i was insecure about my clothes, now i just go out with those clothes, i was saddened that i could not have experiences or buy things like other kids. i have a lack of support system. my parents fully care about me and are overprotective but they never showed this love. like growing up they never gave me any advice or tips, did not take me anywhere like shops that normal parents do and i get really jealous when my friends talk about their experiences playing sports with their dad or going shopping with their mum. i do not know if this is neglect but i cannot balme my parents because they do care about me and at the end of the day they are not abusive. also, i got addicted to porn at a very young age, i am not sure when i started but i remember trying to quit at 12 years old. i remember this trip at school and i was just so stressed from watching porn because i was scared i was going to die. well it is 5 yrs on and idk dying. i probably started at 9. obviously this was probably an indirect attempt from my brain to soothe my pain from that time of my vicious life. but then i think the worst part is not the first half of my life where i lost my mum, my dad worked hard by himself, my stepmom came and worked hard for me eventhough she did not know me. the hard part for me is the 2nd half were i loved so blindly to torturing myself, i grief my childhood, i never felt like a child. i cannot remember any memories because of the high stress and i feel like i have lived a negative thousand years and i do not feel like a 17 year old. i have been going counselling since the beginning of this year and it barely helps. my whole life feels like an illusion. i never understood school for what it was, i never had a social life until i recently started developing one and i realised that the way i lived which i thought was normal for hurt teenagers was actually psychological torture. i cannot help to keep thinking that i have not lived yet even though i am 17 and it hurts. i am 17 and do not want to live anymore
i am 17 and from london and all my life i have been living torturing myself without realising it. the way i think is so messed up and it stemmed from an early child, which i am regretful of not fixing. it is only since last year that i realised that there was something severely wrong with me. i do not have a sense of being a child because i have no friends and self isolated myself my whole life without knowing how affecting it is on a kid. i never went out during high school and i do not remember primary. during high school i came home straight after school and i did not even go out on weekends. and i had a totally warped perspective of school, where i took it too seriously. i did not realise anything wrong with this until this year or so and its haunting me. further more, i grew up quickly when i was young but it went far left. my mum passed when i was 9 and life just hit me hard and anything bad in my life was exaggerated due to this. like i was poor and that got to my head, that i was insecure about my clothes, now i just go out with those clothes, i was saddened that i could not have experiences or buy things like other kids. i have a lack of support system. my parents fully care about me and are overprotective but they never showed this love. like growing up they never gave me any advice or tips, did not take me anywhere like shops that normal parents do and i get really jealous when my friends talk about their experiences playing sports with their dad or going shopping with their mum. i do not know if this is neglect but i cannot balme my parents because they do care about me and at the end of the day they are not abusive. also, i got addicted to porn at a very young age, i am not sure when i started but i remember trying to quit at 12 years old. i remember this trip at school and i was just so stressed from watching porn because i was scared i was going to die. well it is 5 yrs on and idk dying. i probably started at 9. obviously this was probably an indirect attempt from my brain to soothe my pain from that time of my vicious life. but then i think the worst part is not the first half of my life where i lost my mum, my dad worked hard by himself, my stepmom came and worked hard for me eventhough she did not know me. the hard part for me is the 2nd half were i loved so blindly to torturing myself, i grief my childhood, i never felt like a child. i cannot remember any memories because of the high stress and i feel like i have lived a negative thousand years and i do not feel like a 17 year old. i have been going counselling since the beginning of this year and it barely helps. my whole life feels like an illusion. i never understood school for what it was, i never had a social life until i recently started developing one and i realised that the way i lived which i thought was normal for hurt teenagers was actually psychological torture. i cannot help to keep thinking that i have not lived yet even though i am 17 and it hurts. i am 17 and do not want to live anymore
i made sure to hide my birthdate on every single social media platform i use. but i accidentally left it public on one of my facebook accounts. i would been feeling like shit for days before my birthday thinking how many years left do i need to hide my suicide intention. i had an online class in the morning and when a happy birthday post rings my notifications, i turned off my camera and bursted into tears.so i cried and screamed for a few minutes, then go wash my face, applied some ice and turned the camera back on looking perfectly normal .then after class ended i rolled over and cried again, again, again and again in the afternoon, then once again had to try to look happy when mom returned home with a birthday cake. i acted all happy during my birthday party. and when everyone went asleep, i continued crying until 3, then i had to sleep because next morning i also had classes.i was plain sick of it. i wish my birthday never existed i wish i had never been born. but people will not stop celebrating it and i could not not act grateful about it, like a nice happy classmate, student, daughter, friend, or whatever it is.i felt like a criminal thrown into jail and everyone gathered around my cell, joined hands and laughed at my imprisonment together.it was my 17th birthday. i first experienced suicide impulse when i was 12. it is always been haunting me ever since. i went through no tragic events i do not have any excuses to feel pained or depressed but death always felt like a final, complete destination. everything else felt meaningless.i feel trapped. i was trapped in this life because i was born. i did not want to be born. but every time i revealed even just the tiniest bit of my thoughts, everyone stared at me with a silent glare. so i always added a joke and brushed it off. i was scared to be judged. secretly i thought even if i killed myself and people around me got hurt emotionally, it would be none of my business, since i never chose to be born and never forced them to be close to me it was their own doing. but some part in my fucking retarded brain still made me scared about hurting them. i felt weak and stupid.it is been five years. unable to kill myself, i went for self harm. i repeatedly starve myself in school, and disguise it as yeah i am just saving lunch money for some books and stuffs i want . the discomfort and pain also feel like a good punishment for someone who does not feel grateful for the care of other people like me. i feel clean when i starve myself. but i am getting dull to hunger. days and days and my hate towards every fucking things including myself is growing stronger and stronger. i need something worse but i cannot leave wound marks on my body or people will notice and start watching me. i am frustrated. again i wish i could end myself once for good.i am devastated to think about future. i just want to disappear and vanish from everybody's memories. i am tired of this act. people congratulating me on my birthday makes me sick
the title says it all. i hate my life. the only reason why i am here is because my mother is mentally ill and used me to baby trap my father. you can imagine how happy they are in their marriage, lol. both my parents hated me until i was routinely at the top of my class. then i was their prized only child. but that did not stop the emotional and physical abuse that i endured until i left home. i did everything that i was expected to do i went to college and got kept a good job. but did i live well? nope. i developed a chronic illness for which there is currently no cure. it is not deadly, but it is progressive. while i have never been fired from my jobs, i have never been promoted because of it. so while i can pay the bills, i am not thriving. currently, my employer is trying to cajole me back to the office, even though they know it is an ada violation my metrics are the best in the department while at home and i have provided documentation that remote work is a necessity. getting partnered or dating is out of the question. i could never fully trust a man or anyone really to stick by me if this thing gets worse, and it very well might in the next few years. within the past year, i have had covid 19 yes, it exists and suffered complications as a result. what especially sucked was that i was having a period of fewer symptoms up until i contracted the virus. my health has not recovered and it has only limited me more. people leave their partners over the constant changes and unpredictability. it is not right, it is not fair, yet that is human nature. friends and family do not care, either. the thing is, people get weird when you are ill, especially if you are unable to do the same things in the same way. thanks to the current pandemic, i cannot leave my house except in very limited circumstances, even fully vaccinated because i am immunocompromised. they treat me like i am a nutter and act like nothing has happened in the past 1.5 years because it suits them. meanwhile, they ignore my attempts to come half way and ridicule my choices to protect myself. you might ask why i do not get new friends ? try doing that at 38 in a pandemic when most people my age are married, pregnant childed, and are only looking for fresh babysitters. they really are not interested in making friends with a single woman who will not be a babysitter on call. so i am alone and my body's a ticking time bomb. i have tried everything doctors, diets, exercise, yoga, stress reduction. nothing has helped long term. honestly, i just wish that it would kill me already, but i have not yet been that lucky. no one would honestly care if i did commit suicide. yeah, they might be sad insofar as they would be afraid that someone might ask them if they knew i was suicidal. but after a time, i would be forgotten. to be honest, i actually do not mind. i am just tired of suffering in silence. no one would care if i did it, so i am just biding time until i decide it is time
i just sit here everyday. doing nothing. accomplishing nothing. by the time its 1 am or 4 am, i am in bed crying wondering why i am still alive and scrolling to find some aid on assisted suicide. i have tried suicide hotlines, but they never seem to be able to help me. i have had someone hang up on me before. it was after my father snapped at me and called me ugly that i started questioning whether or not i deserved to live. everyday he would degrade how i look. i was already aware of it. my teeth are rotten, i have a gap in the middle of my teeth, i am obese, have skin illnesses causing it to look disgusting and wrinkly, and my skin tone is dark meaning i am already ugly to many. being ugly is just a death sentence i wish my facade of i do not care what people think about me was true, but it was not.i have been having other health issues, but i cannot afford to go to a doctor or get therapy. i have anxiety every single day. i cannot ever sleep because recurring nightmares. when i need to take medication, i cannot even take a single pill because my gag reflexes and anxiety. pretty sure i also have undiagnosed adhd. i want to go to the doctor, but i fear just being forced to take pills or medicine.my parents get mad at me for not being able to do anything because of my crippling depression, but my agoraphobia is extreme. i never want to go outside. i never want anybody to see me. i feel ashamed at my parents just looking at me. i hate my body and everything about it. i barely take care of my body anymore because of the hate i have for it.if i could say one accomplishment, it would be that i finished college with bachelors of fine arts, but i am getting nowhere in my life. i used to be able to do so many illustrations for clients, but i have not been able to focus or motivate myself and it is causing me extreme distress. i am in so much debt on work i owe for my clients, but i just cannot complete them no matter how hard i try. i tried recently applying for my dream job and i also managed to get it, but i was laid off in a few days because my boss wanted to go travel the world instead of work. i am still stuck in crippling student debt from this with no way of paying it backall of this just tells me that i am a failure as a human being. my parents constantly tell me that. my sister does not even talk to me anymore and we used to be so close. i used to have friends irl but they just stopped talking to me after college. i tried to ask someone for help saying i am suicidal and lost and all they said was mmm okay? i lost hope in them. it just feels like nobody cares about me and i do not want to be a waste of space anymore. my body is dying and i see no hope of me improving anytime soon. i still have dreams and wishes, but life does not want me here. i do not know what to do. i want my work ethics back. i want to be healthy. i want to feel like i belong, but it is so hard. i have wishes and dreams, but life does not want me here.
i do not know what to do anymore. all i know that i should be happy. i got some close friends, a girlfriend and a loving mother, yet i feel only hatred for myself and all i can think about, is what a failure i am. if you do not want to read this whole text, you do not have to. i only want to write my toughts down once, in case i will not be able to it by tomorrow next week anymore. right now i am in the infantry in the swiss military. this is what i chose and what i wanted. this is the strarting base for all my future plans. while i was drafted, i dind't mention that i am serverly depressed for years now. i already had a failed suicide attempt 4 years ago. by not mentioning this at the drafting, i was able to go to the infantry and i planed to stay in it for about 2 years to finance my university degree. with the situation of covid right now, it is impossible to find work in my field, so this is my only chance of financing my future. today is the 6th day in the army, and i think i am a liabillity for my squad, my platoon everything. twice already my comerades had to do sit ups because of me, but i also do not want to leave, for i do not know another way of earning money right now.my depression makes me panic in fear of fking up, everytime i have to do a task. this makes it impossible for me to do even the easiest tasks. all this pressiure and this feeling of dissapionting my squad, makes me cry myself into sleep nearly every night. i always hate myself for not being able to get myself together and always regarded myself as a failure. i also do not want to be that guy, that left his service. i cannot do it anymore. since switzerlands gunlaws are just to easy, i already own a handgun, and in the last six days, the only thing i tought about is to use it for me, so i will not be the failure that quit his service. the problem is, i live at home, i have three siblings and i do not want them to find me. i also hate the thought of hurting my family, my friends, my girlfriend and all the people close to me. i really have no idea on what to do. i cannot carry on, i do not want to hurt anyone, yet all i want is to end this 6 year long suffering. i already dreamed every day to end it all, but up until now, i always had a reason to carry on. as it is may not clear by with this text, i really wanted to go in the military, but now i realised, that i suck at the one thing that made me go through this until now. i do not know how to carry on, it is just to much. i also do not know if i will still be around by monday in a week. all i know is that i want to end it. since years i expected nothing from my life, and the fear of becoming the failure i already think i am, makes me want to end it even more. sorry for posting such a long text. i do not expect anyone to go through this all, and i also kind of hope no one does. i do not want to waste your time with all that. stay strong guys. see you mabey next week, or mabey not. the end. the failure
i live out in the country, there is a forest fire really close to my place. about an hour ago i called 911 to tell them about it. they said that they were aware of the situation, told me what to do if i needed to evacuate, and then told me to listen to the news for updates.next thing i did is i called the suicide hotline because i have already been seriously thinking i need to kill myself over the last few days because of a million shitty things in my life that are all catching up right now, and if i have to evacuate my home and let it burn to the ground then i am probably going to kill myself tonight or tomorrow.i started to talk to the operator on the line and tell her this. she interrupts me and tells me that this line is being recorded, and that if its a prank call she will report me to the police and that its a felony. i tell her its not and try to keep taking to her. she says that i should call 911, that i should listen to the news for updates, and then says that she has a record that i have called there before once before this year, four times in the last year , and then she hung up.this is the last time i am ever going to call a hotline. i have already felt bad every time i have called because i know there are other people who need it more then me, but this is proof to me that my problems are not worth there time and i have been wasting their resources, which makes me feel like killing myself worse. i am really fucking hurt that she thought i was prank calling. i have just started therapy a week ago but it has not helped me yet and i am still ready to kill myself, because its not like one session can magically make someone not suicidal, especially when the therapist i saw spent our whole first session making me fill out paperwork instead of helping me right away. these guys say that they will be there for you when you cannot reach or do not have access to therapy and counseling, which i have not every time i have called. lies through teeth.i am sorry that i am angry. i know that these lines have helped a lot of people, and that these are volunteers trying to help, and that this is a good service and because. i guess i am just hurt and bitter that i do not count to it anymore as stupid as that sounds. i am sorry.i know that most of the shit they say is fake empathy but the last times i called i let myself pretend that they actually could care and help because it kept me from shooting myself. the illusion is broken now, i know its fucking stupid and petty to be so angry and hurt about something i deep down knew was fake but here i am. finishing typing this post and i am seriously wondering how the fuck i am going to make it through the week or maybe even the night without finally doing it, or if i should even try to. idk. sorry for the pity party as people have called it when i try to talk about or ask for help with this shit. happy monday, i might make it my last. the suicide hotline thought i was a prank caller
i do not know how to be an adult, i do not know how to be a normal person. i have been planning to move out of my moms house for college for about a year now, and three days ago i finally did. nothing seems to be going that well. i do not have a place to live and i do not have a job. the passenger side of my car is damaged, idk how it even happened. if someone hit it or i hit it and did not notice. shit like this makes me feel so helpless and every time anything bad happens my first instinct is to kill myself it sounds so much better than any of this. i do not want to have to deal with anything. and i feel feel selfish. why do i get special treatment? why do i get an easy out when everyone else has to deal with the weight of living? i do not want to work and i do not want to go to fucking college. i do not care if i sound like a freeloader. i do not understand how i can possibly live with all of my thoughts and all of my mental problems and still be expected to do things in order to survive. i just do not understand. all i want to do is focus on things i love. i want to do nothing but watch anime and listen to music and masterbate and practice drawing. i have a lot of passion, and i hate myself and i know i am not that good at anything but if i was just able to focus on making myself feel better and discovering what i love then id be okay. god i just need more time, i need a year or two to find myself. but i cannot just leave and go back home, not without an excuse. my mom is a paranoid drug addict and my dad is an alcoholic, and they would be disappointed in me. at least my dad would and i do not know why it matters but it does. my friend is counting on me because we were supposed to do all this college shit together, and if i leave now then all of our plans are down the drain. if i tried to kill myself two things would happen 1 it would work, and that is that. everything will be over, i will not have to worry anymore. 2 it would not work. and id then be the fucking idiot who tried to kill herself the third day of living on her own and had to go back and live with her mom. i am fine with either one really. if i do not die i am going to be so fucking depressed but at least ill be back home and then i cannot do my favorite thing be mindless and numb to my own life, wrap myself in the simple things i enjoy too much. at least i can see what happens in jujutsu kaisen lmao. but in case i do die there are some things i want to do, and its so stupid really. i want to see black widow and finish attack on titan. i want to read some fanfic for a manhwa i just finished. maybe get jack in the box too lollll. there is so much music that i have wanted to listen to though. i hope in the next life ill be able to do all the things i was not able to in this one. not sure. if i do not decide tonight then tomorrow maybe. all i do is because problems for myself and burden other people things are too overwhelming, i cannot handle anything
i do not know how to be an adult, i do not know how to be a normal person. i have been planning to move out of my moms house for college for about a year now, and three days ago i finally did. nothing seems to be going that well. i do not have a place to live and i do not have a job. the passenger side of my car is damaged, idk how it even happened. if someone hit it or i hit it and did not notice. shit like this makes me feel so helpless and every time anything bad happens my first instinct is to kill myself it sounds so much better than any of this. i do not want to have to deal with anything. and i feel feel selfish. why do i get special treatment? why do i get an easy out when everyone else has to deal with the weight of living? i do not want to work and i do not want to go to fucking college. i do not care if i sound like a freeloader. i do not understand how i can possibly live with all of my thoughts and all of my mental problems and still be expected to do things in order to survive. i just do not understand. all i want to do is focus on things i love. i want to do nothing but watch anime and listen to music and masterbate and practice drawing. i have a lot of passion, and i hate myself and i know i am not that good at anything but if i was just able to focus on making myself feel better and discovering what i love then id be okay. god i just need more time, i need a year or two to find myself. but i cannot just leave and go back home, not without an excuse. my mom is a paranoid drug addict and my dad is an alcoholic, and they would be disappointed in me. at least my dad would and i do not know why it matters but it does. my friend is counting on me because we were supposed to do all this college shit together, and if i leave now then all of our plans are down the drain. if i tried to kill myself two things would happen 1 it would work, and that is that. everything will be over, i will not have to worry anymore. 2 it would not work. and id then be the fucking idiot who tried to kill herself the third day of living on her own and had to go back and live with her mom. i am fine with either one really. if i do not die i am going to be so fucking depressed but at least ill be back home and then i cannot do my favorite thing be mindless and numb to my own life, wrap myself in the simple things i enjoy too much. at least i can see what happens in jujutsu kaisen lmao. but in case i do die there are some things i want to do, and its so stupid really. i want to see black widow and finish attack on titan. i want to read some fanfic for a manhwa i just finished. maybe get jack in the box too lollll. there is so much music that i have wanted to listen to though. i hope in the next life ill be able to do all the things i was not able to in this one. not sure. if i do not decide tonight then tomorrow maybe. all i do is because problems for myself and burden other people things are too overwhelming, i cannot handle anything
i wrote this on the bipolar reddit this morning. well now i do not want to exist. i cannot do what i want to do because i do not have the mental stability. i have nobody to talk to about this shit. i only have family. well that is not enough anymorei cannot succeed in school but i have to in order to not become homeless. i cannot get a job at 21 years old because i am too socially anxious. i am just worthless. i want to hire a hit man to kill myself or something. i just want to die but i do not have it in me. i feel like an attention whore. i am so drained i am looking up the same shit i used to at 14. i take xanax for anxiety and i wish it sedated me but it does not. no matter how much i take i feel the same. i have taken 16 mgs at once and its done nothing to me. i just want to feel nothing. i want to be out of everyone is life. i make people feel shitty and it fucking kills me. i feel like i am trying to crawl out of my skin.i have been taking 100mg seroquel for four days. i am in a weird situation right now and its really difficult to explain but i am going to try. my dad met someone on minecraft about ten years ago and long story short, they hit it off, became friends, and started a business together. she lives in australia and we live in the us. she is married with a kid and she is been really nasty to my family. she is in control of every aspect of his life finances, has camera with audio in the living room of his house they own it for air bnb together , gps on him, and has tried to buy the love of my brothers and i. well for a short period i lived in that house rent free which i appreciate. i got kicked out after a manic episode and have been exerting all my engergy trying to get back into that house and pay monthly rent instead. she is decided that she wanted to create a plan for success but its all under her terms. on day four of taking these meds i realized i do not want to live under her roof. if i am going to pay to live somewhere then it makes more sense to me to spend more on rent elsewhere due to the emotional turmoil she is put me through. i am 21 years old and i think that this is the end of the road for me to try and repair my dad and is relationship. he has let this woman that i just found out hes romantically involved with which to me makes everything far more twisted someone who has hurt his family so much. this devastated me so much. i want to know if this is me thinking for myself for once, or an impulsive thing. i have had to live at the house i was r in for two months while she decides if i should be allowed back. the reason i was kicked out due to a manic episode was because i wanted to go to the hospital for inpatient because i had not gotten a wink of sleep in nearly a week. my dad started telling me how stupid that would be because of i went to the mental hospital she would just kick me out. its so sick and i do not think i can be in my dads life. i am so damn tired of existing
as far as i can remember, i did not have a hard time growing up. at least not comparatively. my parents materially supported me, never hurt me physically, and took me to the doctor and to school every day. i did well in school. i had friends. and i am talented but i am also depressed and an alcoholic.i do not know anyone else in my family that suffers from depression. i do not know anyone else who has a drinking problem. yet, here i am. when i was little i wondered if i was adopted. i did not belong to my family in some undetectable, covert way. a changling. something. and i still feel that way.i just do not understand myself on a fundamental level. i feel like i want to die, but it is a very specific type of wanting to die. i want to restart. i fantasize about restarting. like in a videogame, when you can re spec your character and make them more of what you want instead of what you spent all those hours mistakenly turning yourself into. that is how i feel about my life. i have spent the past 10 years grinding to get xp in a skill i do not even want anymore. and i do not know what else i would rather be doing either. so i keep grinding. it feels empty. even when i am recognized for how good i am at my job, it means nothing. it means nothing. no amount of love from a partner makes me feel loved. no amount of praise makes me feel praised. no amount of anything makes me feel anything but just so goddamned sad. i have a friend who has been in an outpatient mental hospital for six months who i am so jealous of. i want to drop everything and do that. i want to check out, but then my life would fall apart and all of the xp i have been building up would become even more meaningless. i would lose my job altogether and in some ways, it is the only tangible connection to reality i have left.they say the conditions for suicidal ideation are alienation and despair. i feel both. and i have tried forcing myself to alleviate those things. going out, attempting to date. i have been sober for over a year. but i still hate myself and want to die. sometimes i wish i could point to something and say there! that is what is wrong with me! that is why i do not fit in in the world! but i do not have that. it is just something i am, vs something that happened to me. if that makes sense. i feel incredibly selfish just feeling this way. so many people would love my life if they had it. instead, i am slowly letting it rot away as i consider self harm again for the first time since i was a teenager. i have already begun food restriction, which is a tactic i used as a teen to feel some kind of control over my self hatred. sometimes, now, i hit myself or run into things to help feel punished enough to move on from bad feelings and mistakes. i have not cut yet, but the idea of it makes me salivate. i do not know what to do. it feels like no one understands. i hope you do. i am living my dream why does it make me want to die
ok sosomehow all the unhealthy junk food and excessive alcohol binging i have endured the last almost 25 years has not killed me so like, congrats i guess.my birthday is july 19th!i have anxiety over birthdays, both out of being extremely nervous for numerous reasons but mostly because birthday songs are cheesy as fuck and i hope no one ever decides to torture me with a surprise birthday song because i will sweat. alot. anyways my mom was nice enough to surprise me with a ticket to san juan because i never leave my house and i think i freaked her out over my covid 19 related loneliness isolation suicide jokes but i love dark humor. also do not know if i was joking but like, whatever i can still blink and that is a good sign so moving on first of all i have never been on a plane so, feel free on giving me advice on how 1. how not to be a pussy over heights and 2. what to do to help me not sweat. alot. i sweat alot when i am freaked out btw cannot help, sorry secondly, hotels are pretty damn cheap in puerto rico, so thank he him they religion if you are into that the universe if you are into that for that because i fucking suck when it comes to money even though i have a shit job so that is always nice.anyways i want to try to atleast enjoy leaving the us for my first time because like what the fuck i was not expecting a surprise trip because honestly no one ever does anything nice for me and that seems excessive af lmao but its a gift from my birth giver so, i guess i get it .anyways, i am like usually always broke as shit financially, only sometimes mentally , and what better way to try and get extra spending as a gen z worker than first, blaming the economic inequality and baby boomers for being baby boomers but to also ask strangers over the internet for money woo! judge me, please because like who does that other than me from now on . secondly, again i do not think i have ever heard someone say thirdly i am a firm believer of doing work for money, so here is a short poem out with random things i see around my room as the last word in each line for anyone who decides to chip me 1 or 5 or whatever the hell ya want honestly! my head hurts and my fire alarm is going off, so when i say short i mean very little effort and shorter than you expected so here because i do not want to burn alive 4 days before me day of birth if its a real fire from the lamp on my leftto the lamp on my right i love amazon lamps i am afraid to flyand my bulbs do not light one lamp does ok give me some cred as i lay on my bedthe alarm goes offmy tv is too loudand i am holding in a cough fin ok awesome, love you all, drink a ton of water, remember to give me flying tips, lemongrass oil scents help anxiety, oil diffusers are cheap on amazon so get one, stay safe, take care of yourselves ok! bye also included a pic of beyonc that i edited because hahahaha wow i love her peace! birthday anxiety induced suicide thoughts yay
when i was younger, in my childhood, i had self worth, i still had anxiety, but i felt like i was the best at everything. i was a gifted child and did well in school, in fact my only main source of anxiety was if my crush liked me back. either way i felt special and unique. i have had worrying behavior before where i would cut myself with school scissors and even younger as a toddler, i would bang my head against the wall or floor. still. those things were rare of me though maybe i should i have taken it as a sign of things to come. in middle school i was anxious but i still felt nice and special. 9th grade was when things changed though, i started to get bullied which made me reevaluate myself, i started seeing myself in a negative light, and the only way i coped was sleep or being in a constant state of self loathing. there were times i made threats to the students that were bullying me, but instead of thinking it was wrong, i doubted my capabilities to go through with the threat. after 9th grade i felt better going to another high school, i was not getting bullied, and even though i was not quickly making friends, people still let me hang around them or sit at their table. it was nice. i met my ex boyfriend not too long after and we stayed together for 3 years. he ended up leaving me during my first semester of college. i felt sad about it, but having been in a relationship for 3 years gave me a false sense of security that finding another relationship might be easy. i was quite wrong. not only that but i started to realize many people were better than me and were skilled at something while i realized i was not. i was quite literally not good at anything or at least not good enough. however, this world requires you to contribute something to it. i could not. the former gifted child felt lied to. that i could do anything and i had great potential. it bothered me a lot. i did not feel like i could conquer anything like i used to. instead, i was smacked in the face with the truth that i was not special and my best was not good enough. through this period people kept telling me to keep trying and i eventually will get good. i did not see any improvement, in some areas i felt like i was getting worse. right now i am stuck with the feeling of inferiority and suicidal thoughts. i am not quite doing anything for this world, in a way i feel like i am taking up space that could be used for a much more skilled and intelligent individual. recently i looked through documents of tests that were done when i was younger in elementary school. i found that i lacked critical thinking skills and had a language disorder as well as anxiety. i thought my iq may have been better but i tested below average for verbal iq and only slightly above average for non verbal with the highest in calculating. right now i am not sure how to move forward... but i am too scared to kill myself. i have never been good enough. .
you are thinking, wow, she is shallow as hell. or my personal favorite,, you do not need men. screw them. which is so predictable, but completely false and quantitatively unhelpful.i have wanted to die since i was 10. i am 30 now and the feelings have not gone away. they only keep getting worse.as a little girl growing up, i thought i could be happy even if i was not pretty. i wanted to know that the tv shows and movies did not lie to me, and that i would have boyfriends, and go to parties, and get fucked at prom. i wanted to know i would get married one day, and have babies. i just wanted to be normal. but i learned very early, very quickly that i would never have those experiences. i got told my ears and eyes were too big. i was told dresses are for pretty girls, you can wear shorts. l got told no one would ever want to date me, but at least i was skinny. i got told i should probably just kill herself because unattractive people do not end up happy. i was not even 10 yet, just that little girl. then that little girl started to grow up. and everything they said was true. no one wanted to date me. no one wanted to talk to me. no one wanted to fuck me. i was ignored. completely invisible. i did not get asked to dances. i did not get asked to prom. i had to go to war with a teacher who tried to fail me for no other reason accept the one he finally admitted to, i just do not like the way you look. i am just not pretty. i know that. people made that very clear. since i was not pretty, i had to become smart. i had no choice. the only problem with that was i was smart enough to realize how miserable i was. how much pain i was in with nowhere to put it. she was smart enough to go to college. where everyone gets porked and finds their partner right? wrong. that girl was told at the only party she was allowed into that she was too ugly to be raped. that girl was excluded from going to parties after that. people invited that girls' roommates to go out and do things right in front of her and excluded her. that girl was fired for being too ugly to work at the school. that girl was told she should just become a nun since she was never going to be able to find anyone to fuck her. that girl finally made her first attempt when she was 19. which she failed, miserably. she tried again at 20. again, another failure.that girl, now a woman, understands why men do not want her. she is understood her whole life and has been forced to just accept it. she understands that she will be alone for the rest of her life. she could shorten that life of course. she could make the pain stop. would it be worth it? just to make the memories stop? to not have to endure the future of more pain? what the hell...why not? new here and after reading some of your stories, i thought i would take a stab at telling a little bit of mine. i will start with the easy stuff i am not pretty, and that is why i want to kill myself.
i am 15 and i am suicidal.i was born in 2005 when my family was having fights. i grew up in my hometown till i am 5 and never probably remember seeing my father. i moved to a city from my village when i am 6 and then things just got complicated.i was the only kid and never had anyone to play with but then my sister was born. i thought i am lucky to have someone to play with after all. i suddenly lost all the attention from my only parent. i felt lonely and i preferred my school more than my home. i was doing good in my school but things changed when i hit puberty, my understanding of this world changed. it was chaotic to be lonely all the time and that is when i had my first thoughts of suicide. i was getting bad grades, my family has constant fights over everything in the past and i decided that this was the end. i was forced to join a boys scout, it was really hard to for someone to be already in a controlled environment 24 7 and joining this made it worse, i was criticised for everything i could not manage, my school and this and pressure on me was at peaks. i had little to no friends nor any family member that i would rely on, so i had confidence that my family would not even flinch a bit if i disappeared. guess what, i attempted 3 suicide attempts in a row and the third time i attempted, my body could not handle it and i was a literal moving dead body for months and even while i was recovering i wished i would die and planned things i cannot even imagine. for the worst part, out of nowhere a girl from my class proposed me, i was in shock but eventually i fell in love and lived happily for a year. my perspective on life changed and i was grateful for her. but i was devastated on that day that she said that she would not want me anymore and she would be concentrated on her studies.i was mad af. i threw up fights on her randomly, she was my life, my only fkin hope to ever live in this world and she was gone, just like that. she got over with me in weeks while i still fkin hope she would come back after 2 years.i had extreme levels of depression and still do now, i could not talk or express my emotions. i was trapped in my self. i lost all the interest to live. i was addicted to suicidal ideation. i used to play the songs over and over till that made me cry. i was desperate for the love i experienced once but then all of it did not last much. that is what anyone would say, but to me it was my world. i had a hope to live but it could not even last till i could even experience it. i am destroyed, my hopes are all lost. i do not want to live anymore. i am still alive for no absolute reason, just satisfying people while i am alive and waiting for that day to have that courage to attempt it because my life is worthless and i am nothing but a loser. i want to die, you would say my suffering would not last long but happiness is not forever either. my wasted life of 15 freaking years.
if this post is against the rules sorry removein august, i was at a party, snorting lines of mdma and doing shots of vodka. someone days they got percs, i bought one. i made it home and then stopped breathing in my bed. my dad knew the signs of an overdose, without him i would have died right there.the psyciatrist in the hospital, when i woke up 12 hours later, was completely disinterested in asking me questions, he asked why is you do it i said, do what, this was an accident he gave me a look and walked off.he decided i need to be on a psych ward for a 3 day mandatory hold. i just wanted to go home and sleep. but instead, this moron locks me in an empty room for 10 hours, gives me a shot of ativan, and sends me straight to the shittiest psych ward in the state. the 3 day hold turned into 7 days because my assigned doctor was on vacationhow the fuck can a doctor be assigned patient's when there not at work.i should have died, i wish i died, i was never diagnosed with brain damage but i am 100 i got some. i am constantly trapped in flash backs, i am guilt ridden by what i did to my family.i have tried to make amends but they treat me like a junkie dispute being clean from everything but cigs n weed since.i just graduated highschool, at 22, no skills, never had a job, all my friends left me at the start of the pandemic. i just sit in my room playing gta n smokin dope. i just want to put a hole in my head, sadly gun laws are super strict and even if there were gun stores on every corner, i am dead broke.i wish i died last august, because some of me did, and seeing the aftermath was torture in and of itself.i wish i died, it was the perfect moment and i would have died painlessly, in a place i loved.now, i am to guilt ridden and anxious to try again for real. what of i survive but i am locked in a psych ward for months, what if i end up paralyzed, what if i end up with an iq of 45 but alive. the last thing i want to be is a burden, and due to childhood illness i have felt like a burden my whole life. my brothers are successful, both college graduates, working, moving away, meeting people, working on phd's.i do not consider myself in immediate danger, but i cannot trust myself with money.it is a cycle, i do not have money so i am depressed, being depressed makes me want drugs, cannot get drugs without money, so once i get money i spend it on drugs.i have done 30 drugs, i know what i want to feel like, i just want to use what i know will worki did perfect work in highschool, because to oppose the stress of school, i would have fun on the weekends with my friends and get extremely high, usually on opioids. but that is gone and all i got is the memory and i will never get it back and yeah.i just want to pop a pill n float into the abyss.sorry everyone, just a waste of water, carbon and nitrogen tryna make some sense of this cruel twisted universe. i wish i died last august.
heyi'm eli, 24, he him. i feel as though i am out of options. for context, i have got bipolar 2, fibromyalgia to be diagnosed nerve disorder. i have been at a call center job for 2 years prior to covid, and was entering my 5th year of a bach degree in 2020. i have essentially gone from being a full time student, part time call center worker, and part time active community member to absolutely nothing. more recently, i had an intense breakdown from a manic episode that soured and threw me into a deep and angry but apathetic depression. i have had a pain flare that is made me 100 unable to function at work, so i am very thankfully on disability pay from my job, and though i had to drop out of college the last semester, do a bunch of overhaul with credit transfers, i can now finish in an upcoming fall semester and a 2 week program the following summer and i would be graduated. i have got doctors appointments coming up to see if i can get answers for my chronic pain. i have all of these things look forward to, all these remedies, but all i can feel is fear and anxiety and an overwhelming desire to end my life.i am floating between at a fibromyalgia diagnosis right now and i am having some of the absolute worst pain of my life. the medication i have been put on has me exhausted for most of the day, shaking, and slow. i am just a blob right now. different professionals have put me on a combo of a bunch of meds to mitigate anxiety, mood stability, etc. i am probably going to need a lumbar puncture as an ms diagnosis could be on the table and i have a blood draw tomorrow.i just feel like a hassle. like, i go to seek help and am getting it slowly, but i am stuck dwelling on the idea that all these things are a waste of time. the i am just being a resource leech and nothing else, because who tf am i to be asking for extra assistance and why provide it to someone who might commit anyway? i feel so selfish and self centered.i have got opportunities coming my way but i am so so afraid to move forward. i feel like i should have committed during 2020, but could not go through with it. i feel so awful when people put their necks out for me, only for me to fail or do a so so job, to disappoint them. coming back to my job, i need to confront a bunch of little errors from my calls, acknowledge and go over my work processes in depth and put my work under intense scrutiny when in fact i have made customer service mistakes, transferred someone to the wrong department, or fail to answer one of many many questions regarding vehicle accidents. coming back to work means more accountability. i know i am a bad person because i should be fine, but holding myself accountable, maintaining a schedule, sitting at a desk, thinking anything about it just sends my brain through the roof and makes me want to die. i do not want to be evaluated, i am so tired of not doing good enough feeling helpless
i have been doing so well with treating my anxiety and poor body image, i am in counselling, i have supportive friends. i feel so selfish for feeling like this. i feel like i am disrespecting and making a mockery of people who have killed themselves because i know if i worked at it i could make this horrid feeling go away. but i am just so tired. mentally i am completely exhausted. my mum was just diagnosed with yet another serious disease and because her immune system is already weak as hell from her medication it could be potentially fatal. my dad blames her 'bad lifestyle' for it so they are constantly screaming at each other they both want a divorce, but cannot afford one. i am so sick of trying to block out the arguing and i do not know what to do anymore. i am probably going to die young anyway because the disease is hereditary and every single female in my mum's bloodline has gotten some form of it. yeah, i could take medication for the rest of my life, but is it worth it? there is nothing even wrong with me. i got good grades in my mock exams i am 15 and in secondary school , i have such nice friends but all they seem to do is annoy me now. i know they do not mean to. it is my fault. i am doing stupid shit i never would have done a month ago like taking more painkillers than necessary and walking out of lessons to hide in the toilets until the end of the day. for reference, this time last month i had severe anxiety and would not even speak in lessons. now i am leaving them without asking and snapping when i do not get my way. i even fucking told a teacher yesterday that i felt like hurting myself, that i felt suicidal, and i had to sit in her office while she called my mum and put the phone on speaker so i heard what she had to say about it. i have stopped looking both ways before i cross the road, stopped caring about what other people think about me, started shutting out everybody who cares, and when i get home i just cry. that is it. cry and sleep. it is so absurd to me because i read what i am writing and i sound pathetic so many people do worse things than this and i feel so wrong for wanting to die but i am just done. i do not know what to do anymore. anyhow i have one last day of school left before the summer holidays which is 6 weeks long in the uk so that is 6 weeks to do nothing but sit alone and think. my counsellor's calling me after school but i think i might just ignore it. i think i might overdose this summer. it is probably a temporary feeling that will be gone in a few days but i just needed to get it all out y'know? that way if i do end up offing myself in at least my parents will have some idea of what i was feeling when they look through my phone. i am just tired. scared. i think. does anyone know how much paracetamol is considered an overdose? it will deter me if suddenly this seems more real. this summer i might end it all
i feel like i do not know what to do next. i suffer from depression and suicidal thoughts, and i have for a while but for some reason it is just... horrible this week. i do not have the best past and to this day i do not exactly think i am a good person. i used to be aggressive and i did not care about a lot of stuff and i would hurt people physically. i am not like that now but i find myself.... slipping into the old mei was on a walk with my roommates about 2 days ago and i was just talking about science because i thought it was cool, but i guess for some reason she was telling me that it is not true and that it is a theory and stuff. i do not want to call her stupid or anything, but she has a disorder where her mental age is that of a kid. so she likes to act smart even if there is proof that it is right and she is wrong. it is her own thing i guess.but anyway i... slipped into my old self.... i started being a dick and going out of my way to prove her wrong... and it... eventually hit me... and i have not talked much in two daysfriday morning i think i was up early 1 00ish and i went to a bridge... i stood there for about 30 minutes... thoughts rushing though my head. then i went home at like 3 00 since i have not been able to sleep. so i decided to wake my roommates her and her boyfriend and i opened up... and that is something i never did. i told them everything that was going on, about who i used to be... and the part that echos through my head... is when she said something and the way my mind saw it was like... kind of pitty in a way... and i got furious... i grabbed my shoes and i threw them against the wall. then i stopped myself...i eventually went back to sleep... and i ended up crying a good portion of the day. i think my roommates thought i was asleep because they never checked on me. i eventually did fall asleep. then i woke up around 8 00 and i went to find them. maybe they were doing something. they were outside walking around playing pokemon go.i walked with them and i made some comments that... old me would say... so i shut up... that was around 11 00 and it is now 3 00 for me... and i keep having that rushing thoughtif i kill myself who would care? i feel like i do not want to live with guilt and ptsd for things i have done... i keep thinking... i have a plan and stuff to... i... do not know what is stopping me.... that is the odd part... i do not have biological parents i know, i only have adopted parents, who do not really care. my mom says if you kill yourself, we will be sad but we will not be broken and that hurtsi've eventually come to the conclusion that i do not like my roommate because she reminds me of a lot of things that... old me did....i do not want to be here... i feel like no one loves me and no one cares about anything i do... i feel like.... i am here... suffering i do not want to be here and it is getting worse
i do not know who i can talk to, or say anything regarding to to in person. i know that it is not right. i have been suffering for the past month, when me and my ex broke up and i came back to my home country as i had moved to be with her, i had hope we would be together again at some point etc, and seeing we were renting a place together i left her all of my money so she could afford the rent as alone she could never. so i did, however i have her bank account on my phone did not anymore because we shared it, so i kept getting notifications about deliveries, such as uber eats, deliveroo, just eat fast food . my money was partially being used for this on a daily basis, over 100 pounds were used in under 5 days. i contested her about it she kept treating me like trash, and i demanded the money back with the promise that i would send her the money back when rent was due, atleast this way i knew it would be there for the reason it initially was. she ended up sending me the money, we talked a couple times and everytime we did she would rub on my face how much better she is now without me, how she is quote on quote living her best life , and obviously sure this is fair but i do not want something rubbed on my face such as that when i am clearly suffering. the following day we talked again and i told her that i truly plan on killing myself, and whilst i was explaining why and how she messaged me her paypal mid video call, to send her the money before i do so. yesterday 17th was the day i was supposed to give her the money back and i ended up not doing so, because i do not deserve to be treated like this, or atleast i do not. i was insulted by her on many different occasions, kept being told i am a horrible person and manipulative, she kept saying yea everyone said you would not send it back yet here i was thinking you would have some consideration in you , when well...i changed countries in december just to live with her, so i feel like she cannot contest that i care for her. nonetheless yesterday our final message before she blocked me on a social platform was her telling me all the stuff you have on your instagram saying you hope we will get back together, and one day our paths will cross once more, forget about them because i will not allow myself to stoop so low for someone like you and that really hurt me, and although i feel like she will not ever come back, i did not want that to be said it that way. i was really hurt all day yesterday and had really awful dreams regarding this situation. i woke up and i heavily started considering, flying back to her country, murdering her and killing myself. i do not know what to do. i cannot exactly explain why this would be the right decisiona nd i am sure it is not however, it feels like for once she would understand even if for a second, how it is to be on the suffering side. considering suicide and a crime
please do not kill yourself. please. first, i am sorry. for everything you are going through, i am so sorry. i wish that there were magic words that would be able to take all of the pain away, that would because any doubts about yourself to disappear. i wish i could say something to make you feel better in this very instant, but let us be honest its going to take time to heal. and that is okay. if you are seething with rage, if you are sobbing uncontrollably, if you are manic, or depressed or not feeling anything at all its okay. i am here for you. if you have come to the point where your weary heart has decided to click on this subreddit, or you have just happened to see this by chance, i want to say how much i care about you. i know these words may have been said before, and its hard to trust when people say it nowadays.. but i do care. and i love you so so much. i am so sorry you are in a place where the rest of the world has failed you and your poor heart is hurting so bad that you have to reach out to strangers on the internet to get some sort of peace for what you are going through right now. i will not pretend to know your pain, as i cannot know what situation you are going through right now, but i am so proud of you for being here. i see you. i hear you and i know how you feel. i know the absolute soul crushing feeling that comes along with a simple phrase your mind whispers, i just want to die. its so hard to get back on your feet, to keep going. and its so hard to stay strong and bear the pain that comes with itbut lookyoure still here you have not given up yetand i am so proud of you, my angel and you are not alone. i know this horrible feeling makes you feel singled out but i swear to you, you are not. i have been there. i know. you are so brave and amazing and smart and you have so many things you want to accomplish in life and you have so many things you want to do and see and you have dreams to fulfill! you have so much to do. now is not your time to go, sweetheart. you still have so much to do. and i am not going to tell you its going to be easy right off the bat. have you ever seen a baby fawn trying to stand up?? well, its like that. one step at a time. the path to recovery may be a little wobbly at first. but you can do it. i am here for you. please talk to me if you need anything, i will drop everything just to make sure you are okay. some things to do to help you take a cold shower seriously talk to someone you trust about what you are going through watch a movie you have always wanted to! cry. just let it out learn how to self soothe its going to be okay. i promise, in time everything works its way out. coming from someone who has gone through everything you are feeling, thinking, or planning to do i have been there. and it will be better. i love you so much and i am so proud of you if you are looking for a sign, this is it
i do not know why, but them removing the post twice has triggered a bit of a panic attack. no explanation. no rules that said i did anything wrong. just gone. anyway, here is the post. not doing great right now. amp x200b i pride myself on being a very blunt individual. as a result, i could probably count the number of times i have said i am doing good in the past little while and meant it on one hand. i have had to mitigate that because there are people i do not want to lose that are probably one and i am exaggerating a bit here well, thanks for asking, but i kind of wish i had the strength to kill myself away from leaving for the sake of their own mental health. i can respect that, but i have learned to be afraid of being honest about how i feel.my so is exhausted. he is hung on, but his family has not. they have all decided to distance themselves not because of my mental illness, but because of the pain that the differences between him and i have caused. it is a long, complicated story, but we are trying to make it work. but there is no lonelier feeling than being cut out of someone is life because of something you cannot control. it is lonely because you are a victim to your mind. the only person in your way is yourself. you struggle against it and seek help but the severity of it makes it so impossibly hard. you try to improve, but that is not enough for some people. his parents claim they love me still but i know there is damage.my parents are exhausted. there have been times that mom's ended up in the er, thinking something was horribly wrong, but it was just stress induced panic caused by her worrying about me. the guilt is insurmountable. they love me and say it is not my fault but still, i feel responsible. i think i am responsible.i am exhausted. this past month i have had depression unlike anything i have dealt with before. i was given a new diagnosis major depressive disorder. a hallmark of that is frequent suicidal ideation. i have ocd. i have made many a post to r ocd talking about it. it is existential in nature, and therefore horrifying. i have described it as something like, you are so terrified of something being true that you might as well be having a psychotic meltdown. something like a suicide attempt where i tried to asphyxiate myself happened a few years ago after a severe case of bad thoughts. i am 23 and jobless that is another rift between me and my so. after all, he needs someone who can support him as much as i do. i have goals right now to fix that. i have got all this shit happening next week. a phone call with a lady who specializes in helping fucked up people land a job. therapy starting up again. a recent med change. a few other things i do not remember right at this second.thanks for listening. going to pet the cats now. maybe play with the dog. tried posting this on r vent. they did not care for it much.
i can post the letter i sent to her. but this to teach men to speak instead of bottling as i did. and i want you to use this to speak as men. to understand the impact it can have on a person my quote to you as a speaker and i how i see things i do not think anyone is truly human until they have gone through a mental health battle. and i also believe to be human you need to sympathise and understand each other on a emotional level. its a healthy way of communication and bringing people to closer for support. mental health is so important i think people need to understand otherwise the issue of not talking will only continue for men and women. it may create tramua and because people to close in there next relationship causing a relapse. people will always experience stress and anxieties from different situations. and depending on how important that person was to you will effect how bad your breakdown was off bottling true emotions. as mine breakdown was not talking to my ex girlfriend emma due to the situation of covid distance and jobs not coping well, it broke me. i did not tell her until 5 months after we split. so anyone who reads this before ending a life seek help and talk to your person. its how you react and causing self harm you will only create more damage to yourself and the people around you. i have done this with my relationship with her. i decided to end it just because it broke me mentally from the drastic impact and stress i had trying i be with her. but i was on the edge with her, not her fault at all she was brilliant. i was struggling because covid made it impossible to get a job 3 hours away. but i was so committed. i loved her. that is what you do for someone you love. i just ignored when she gone i was like no point now. i might as well. now the truth has come out to her as it has she only thinks i am crazy or just to give it. maybe i was easy for a little bit. bottling for such a long time does that to you. trying to take meds caused me schizophrenia. until i just had a breakdown a complete breakdown. and it did break me. i attempted to end my life 3 times. one from caffeine over does. 2 carbon monoxide. i had 1000 pills. the mental health crisis team tried to make me hate like she cheated because i was depressed and created theories in my head, you are not insane. you are normal .you are just connected with your emotions. in a much deeper way. than other people are around you. it will get better. i am struggling to let her go due to the losing her from mental health as a best mate. but overall i am doing better. and i will beat this. so to anyone struggling give that person space. take your time. it will get better. and you will find answers about why you felt a certain way or different than to your normal self i can post my entire letter. for anyone that is interested my views on mental health. this is my story.
i am 23 male from iran. i have had a crazy life like mom diying in car accident when i was 4. abusive psycho dad. being raised by my narcissist strict grandparents. i have had no life. none. no rights no hobby no freetime no social interaction. was just forced to study 24 7 to become a doctor. my grandparents would not even let me to groom my hair properly or wear perfumes because that would attract girls! i had never met or talked to a girl for my intire life till i was in university and that obviously turned out terrible. i have so many personality issues and find it hard to properly socialize with anyone. i got into med school in another city expecting to finally start living a normal life and having my basic rights. all those promises my family had made that they would finally let me be free or the things they are going to get me if i get into med school but suddenly my rich narc family stopped paying for my basic needs like even enough to buy proper food! or to pay for my taxi! let alone hanging out with friends or getting a girlfriend. they said money will spoil you! you will get busy with girls and not finish your studies!! i wanted to take my driving license and they replied the same i tolerated that hellish situation for 4 months but after that quit. it was not that easy they still argue fight with me to this day. 2 years have gone by and i am stuck in my room with nothing much to do but making the days pass 24 7 on my phone or watching movies. i soon realized being a garbage collector construction worker in a free country free of islam and theocracy is better than being a doctor or even specialist in this hellhole of iran. i realized through the online friends i made that i am not the problem. the islamic system is. i could easily connect with people and even girls not only romantically but on a human level and make true connection but here the restrictions and rules have made our girls kind of weird and too hard to catch. like until 2 or 3 years ago being caught just walking with your girlfriend on the street would have ended up with 100 lashes and execution in the 4th trial. iran is like a big cemetary. we are not allowed to sing dance or date. it is like happiness is forbidden. walking on the streets is like there is dust of death everywhere. so depressing and things are getting even worse like drought!! and our currency devaluing day by day. right now the value of one usd equals 25 toman. my dad is a selfish piece of shit that lives in another country but i do not count him as dad and do not want to have to do anything with him. my grandma finally gave me 10k for a language course abroad in europe but i need atleast 15k for my whole application and visa process. idk what to do with 10k. my alternative plan is to make it to turkey, get a cheap boat and sail to greece with the hope of getting sunked midway. i hate my life
i am 18 m , i was born to a well to do family and i enjoyed all the luxuries my parents offered me, i over enjoyed most of those luxuries to a point where i think i am spoilt i am the only child to my parents , my parents were never strict, they would be mad for a short while if i had done something bad but overall a very loving parents. so two months ago my long distance girlfriend broke up with me, i have bipolar disorder and i was in my depression phase during that time. at the same time my university started with 2nd semester, i was very depressed because of the break up and i did not attend any classes online for more than 2 months i know i am stupid ,today i got a phone from the head of department saying i am terminated from the university, my parents do not know about this yet, they also told me to bring them to meet the principal and head of department to collect my certificates and stuff.i do not want my parents to know that i have committed such a horrible thing, it would be an insult to my parents that they have raised me till this age only to hear i have been kicked out of university for missing classes, i lied to them saying i was attending classes regularly but in reality i was crying because of a breakup and my usual depression because of being bipolar, i do not want my parents to humiliated because of their son's grave mistake when they go to collect my certificates. i do not think my parents would forgive me for this one.i have not got any other choice other than ending my life, i have lived my life to the fullest in many ways so it will not be so worrying for anyone, i am sorry dad, i am sorry mom i never was a perfect child you wish you had, i am just a disappointing piece of human garbage who does not deserve to live.i have written my suicide letter mentioning the reason for my sudden demise for my parents to read, i do not want to see them bow down because of my mistake.english is not my first language so sorry if it was bit annoying for wrong grammar.goodbye world, i thought i would live my life to the fullest and travel around the world, unfortunately due to my own foolishness i have to depart at the age of 18. love you dad and mom i would really miss you guys, love you all my friends and other family members i hope you guys do well in your lives, love you my ex girlfriend, i am not pissed or angry on you, it is your right to choose what is good for you and not and my death is no way because of you it is all my fault for being this foolish, i hope you do well in your life as well. this might be a strange post, this is all my feelings coming together, this is how i feel right now before making the move, it is very overwhelmingly difficult to do this but i have not got any other choices.thank you for reading kind internet stranger, goodbye. i never thought i would come to this point in life, but here i am
i do not know what to do. i think i will make it another few months. i have a few goals that i want to reach by the time i am 32 new place, goal weight and shape, few adventures i am going to do everything i can to make my goals happen. i going to make it the best year that i can so that on my next birthday my choice will be clear. maybe this is my last year that i will be here. maybe this is the start to something amazing. i honestly do not know. i love everyone in my life and i do not want them to be sad, but if things do not work out i cannot stay. it is stupid, but i do not want to grow old alone, i know i joke about being the crazy old guy in the woods but i do not want that. i want a family with the person that i fall in love with. i want a house and a yard so i can watch my kids whether they are ours or adopted grow up and hopefully be the father i wish i had when i was little. i want to go on adventures with someone and be able to have those stupid little moments where you know you have each others back 100 or you look in that person's eyes and you know they love you. i feel like my chances are all but gone and i do not want to be here if they are. whenever i hang out with my friends i feel like the creepy old guy. i feel like i am intruding on the fun that everyone is having and they keep me around because they feel bad. i have become socially awkward, i cannot keep eye contact with people like i used to. i do not want to feel like this anymore. idk if i am legit autistic or i have some sort of developmental issue in my brain because i have always had friends younger than me and maybe i am stupid or something and my brain is stunted so i cannot relate to people my age. i do not want to live a life where i am the dude always tagging along to friends events or camping trips alone. i feel broken. i know something is wrong with me and i do not know if i can fix it. idk even how i was able to to trick my ex into being with me but i know why she cheated. it was me. i was not a good husband even though i tried and i do not think i will ever get another chance. i do not want to die alone but i think i might have to and it is better to do it earlier rather than waiting around till i am 35 or 40. it will give people time to forget about me. this is all stupid as fuck. it all comes down to being alone and my brain not being able to handle it. maybe i am being punished for the horrible shit i have done, whether it is a god, or the universe or something else i really do not know. i just know i will not let myself live alone forever opened up to a friend tonight. i am not okay and she knows that an is encouraging me to tell another friend so they can both help. i am trying to get better but my brain is telling me i am being manipulative and to just end it anyway. i only have a few friends my own age most are younger by 5 years
my parents divorced when i was in the 3rd grade because my mom was an alcoholic and got in car crashes with me and my siblings in the car. fast forward 7 years later, my mom is in rehab for doing meth, older sister is suicidal and depressed, my younger sister bottles up her feelings, and my dad is oblivious to the whole situation.i am so fucking stressed out. i tried bring up what was happening to my dad hoping he would do something but all he did was talk abt how i should not be stressing out about it and it was not my place. he said he watch my sisters more carefully to making sure they are doing all right but it has been months and he has does nothing to support them. he is a great dad is some areas and very supportive but i feel like he is choosing to kind of ignore the situation. my dad sometimes brings lady friends over. i am fine with him going out to meet people and do that kind of stuff but i just do not want him to bring strangers over to the house. i brought this up to him and he says he will not bring them home anymore but he does not understand why i feel uncomfortable. i feel like one day he is going to bring a women home and make her live with us and will not care my feelings. i feel like he would say i have to deal with it because he pays the bills.my older sister is leaving the country and going off to college in september. she is suicidal and is dealing with depression. she told me that she would never tell my dad she is suicidal unless she felt like she was going to commit suicide in the next few days. i tried my best to be there for her and hid my own feelings so that way she had someone to talk to and did not feel like a burden. the next week she told my dad and he did not really take it seriously. he told her that she was stressed out because of school and he used to feel the same way when he was younger. he offered to find her a therapist but it has been months. it worried me because when i realized she had talked to my dad about it, she was thinking abt killing her self. i have tried to talk to my dad but all he says it that he sees it to but will only observe.i fee like i have to keep all my sadness to myself so my sisters have someone to talk and they at least will have an outlet for their feelings. i really just want to kill myself but i feel like i have to stay alive for my sisters so they do not have to deal with my dad alone. i feel like i am the only one holding this family together. i just want to disappear into my room and just sleep forever but my sisters always want to talk. so i pretend to be happy for them. i am exhausted.pls do not comment tell them because telling them that i am suicidal would not help anybody. i have posted on this forum but it has been a few months and everything is still as shitty. i feel like i am the only one taking care of my family. i am exhausted
it all started when i was 11. i was severely bullied in middle school before anti online bullying psas were a thing. my mom said there are bullies everywhere and to just deal with it. great advice there. what the fuck does that mean? my dad was more than happy to pull me out and let me be homeschooling, but mom said no so i had to stay miserable at school. by age 12 i just wanted to die and told the bullies in an aol chatroom to which they just laughed at me and edged me to do it.luckily, i never did do it. my father passed away and i was forced to live with my narcissistic mother. i did not know how to escape. i would dream about getting married and living somewhere else far away and never speaking to her again. i thought that was the answer to my problems. i mean, i was fired from a retail job because i could not clean the glass case properly and my mom had had enough of me being a failure with a useless bachelor's degree in art. she says 14 year olds can last longer at mcdonald's than me.by age 28 i was married to the love of my life and moved 3,500 miles away from where i grew up. i went no contact with my mom. i scored my dream job after being unemployed in a new country for 3 years, but now it is starting to catch up to me. i am 32 and becoming so stressed at work. i do not know how to cope. i just want to cry sometimes. i have read the subtle art of not giving a fuck and all kinds of self help books, but they do not do anything for me.my neighbour bullies me just like the girls from middle school. i do not even know their name or why they do not like me. i am too afraid to leave my apartment because of it. the landlord does not care, the letting agent does not want to do anything, and the police have reported it and can only suggest we move.finding a new place to live has been stressful. we have about 35,000 for a down payment on a house and nobody wants to give us a mortgage. we make too much money for social housing. right now my travel into work is dreadfully long. i do not drive so i have to take 3 buses.i am also infertile which was really hard for me to come to terms with. i also do not have any friends so if my husband were to leave me i would probably become homeless. i do not make enough to rent on my own.i just cannot deal with it. i remember asking my dad when he was alive how he dealt with stress and he said he did not know because he did not have any. even my siblings say they are not stressed and think i am making it up for attention. my coworkers are not stressed or at least will not admit it. my boss just laughs in my face and thinks i am joking. i have tried looking for new jobs, but i have had 450 rejections.i just want to be carefree and happy. i do not know where to go. sometimes i feel like maybe i am better off dead in a ditch. i cannot deal with the stress of life.
8 06 2021 first, if you are reading this, that means that i have either succeeded in ending my life, or i am back in the hospital after attempting. anyways thank you...so much for putting up with me. thank you for...making these last few years so...amazing. i cherish every moment of every day...watching you all live and laugh. growing into the successful and amazing people you are. there were plenty of laughs...amazing stories and characters, and a lot of fun. in the end, i am so thankful for everyone in my life, and i am so sorry i had to do this to you...i know, you have wasted time trying to save me from the inevitable....eventually you will forget. memories are so unreliable, and i tried picking a semi insignificant date, so its even more forgettable. i am sorry that you had to experience this, but it was inevitable. i am sorry i wasted your time and resources thinking that i had some shred of hope for a future. part of me wishes i have done it sooner, to rip off the band aid but...i had hope back then. i had fun while it lasted...at least a bit. was the fun worth it? going through the motions knowing the day of my death? pretending everything was going to last a lot longer than what it actually was? i am...not sure.nobody can blame themselves, i am the one responsible for doing this, nobody can genuinely feel guilty for not knowing this would happen i have taken extreme measures before this so people would not find out so its not your fault in the slightest. some of you will i know you all. you will blame yourself for not knowing...wishing i would have told you...and there is nothing i can do to stop those thoughts, but to say that i hid this incredibly well. nobody knew this was coming but myself. perhaps in the final months you might have thought something was up but...i know how to lie...i did it with my first few attempts, and this one was not that different. to those who have hurt me, you have been forgiven from the very beginning. to my belongings, go to redacted . i am so sorry. i know this means nothing with the irreversible damage i have done but please. take what you would like. the air fryer does need cleaned...so does many things. please though, pick out anything. i hope you can put them to good use. otherwise, the rest can go to redacted 2 , then the other friends also the money in my bank account. not much, but should be enough for that loan you gave me. i know it will be tough, butthings will improve in a later date for you. they will. they always do for people like you. you will rebound. you will get better. i can get its a bit hypocritical for me to say that...but you will. you have no choice. the world continues to move, and you will to. perhaps i am posting this early just to get the catharsis out of the way.should i add anything more or...is this ok? thanks
amp x200b i am trapped in a horror movie, when i wake up in the morning i feel terrified and tired, during the entire day, i feel sad, anxious and tired, i am irritable all the time.when i walk in the streets i feel awful and i want to vomit, i cannot stand talking to people or seeing them. before going to sleep, i afraid to wake up in the morning, when i sleep i dream of strange monsters eating me or people i love and who love me from my family strangling and stabbing me and trying to kill me, i do not know why, i have a good relationship with my family.i suffer from sleep paralysis a lot this year compared to previous years, there is not a single moment in the whole day that i feel safe or comfortable.in the past, i used to feel happy sometimes, but now i cannot feel joy or happiness, only pain and suffering, i tried to live a lot, but life is not for everyone.my life was already bad before corona and now my life is worse and more difficult, when corona ends, i know that my life will not return to the way it was before corona.i could have lived maybe a few more years, but something bad happened to me last year i was not hurt by anyone just an absurd coincidence .every thing is painful, i do not like the world, i do not enjoy living, suicide is hard but living is impossible, i wish i was never born.i think suicide is an inevitable fate for me, i will commit suicide on july 30th, i wanted to commit suicide on my birthday last week i turned 22 last week but i could not because my little sister will finish high school exams on july 29th, i do not want to ruin her education.my life has been full of physical, psychological and sexual abuse, and during my school years i was subjected to severe and continuous bullying, the biggest reason for being bullied was my strange personality.i remember the last time i was happy and safe when i was 7 years old, i wanted to kill my self since i was 8 years old, i wish i could just stop existing, because i am in a constant state of suffering.i do not believe in hell but i am very afraid to go there, i forgive everyone who has hurt me and i hope everyone i have hurt will forgive me because i have hurt some people and i regret it so deeply that sometimes i cannot breathe.i hope my parents, siblings and all my family will forgive me, i tried to commit suicide before, but in a way that makes my death accidental, so that my family would not feel severe sadness because of my suicide, but unfortunately i was saved.i hope everyone i know from reddit would forgive me for not replying to their messages during the last 3 months.sorry for my long post and sorry for any spelling or grammatical mistakes, english is not my first language.if i survive i will write an update but i hope i do not because i do not want to keep suffering. i am trapped in a horror movie
i want to first apologize if this post seems all over the place. there is so much to say, but ill try to sum up what is been going on. i am a 20 year old female. for a long time, i have felt that suicide was inevitable for me. growing up i was bullied and ostracized. even as young as 9 years old, i felt that things would be better had i not been born. my mother was physically abusive and is still emotionally abusive. phrases like fuck you and go to hell still stick out in my mind from recent years. recently, she said to me during an argument that i make her life difficult and that i never think about how she feels dealing with a suicidal daughter. in my later high school years, i thought i had found the friend i had always wanted, only for her to gaslight and guilt trip me during another time i felt like ending my life. only a month and a half ago, one of my best friends blocked me and another friend in our group over a petty disagreement and still continues to ignore us both. as for seeking help, i have been going to therapy for three years and i feel like i am only getting worse. i just do not know what to do. i look in the mirror and do not even recognize myself anymore. i had so many goals when i was a kid. i wanted to sing, to be a rockstar. i wanted to make my dreams come true, find love, be successful. i was the type of person to go out of my way to do something just because someone said i could not do it. my choir teacher told me id be better off as an artist, painting and drawing. i went and sang the solo for my senior year concert. i was going to work towards being a freelance model, and started working with some friends who were photographers. i did not think i would ever truly give up on myself.now all i do is spend my days in bed, browsing endless feeds, wasting hours away with video games. i have never been in a relationship, and have turned down men all because i fear ill mess something up or do something embarrassing. my social anxiety has gotten so severe that i am afraid to even walk outside my own backyard for fear of people seeing me. even though i am introverted, i have always loved spending time with my friends. now i do not even have the energy to go out anymore, and i miss them all dearly. there are so many things that scare me in life, and as much as i want out, i am afraid of the pain that comes with death. at least once every two weeks or so, i spend time looking for suicide methods. and every time i feel like ill never find an easy, painless way out. and if i were to survive, the consequences of whichever method i chose scare me even more. i want to reach out to friends but i do not want to worry them or put this burden on their shoulders. i feel stuck. i am too afraid to live and too afraid to die. i feel like suicide is inevitable for me
i have always had suicidal ideation, perhaps, since my puberty. my mental health got worse and i finally got diagnosed with bipolar in my freshman year of college. i tried counseling, psychiatric drugs, etc. and none of them seems to help. yes, they suppress my episodes, but the thoughts of dying never go away.i guess the fact that i got interested in social science in college and got into a study group in that regard, despite studying medicine, does not help either. i guess those school of thoughts saying that existence is pain, life is meaningless etc. does not do well for a suicidal person, eh? in this regard, damn do i wish i can be a devout christian like my parents. they seem to hape some sort of hope in god throughout their life. unfortunately, i just cannot do that.studying medicine, in regards of my suicidal tendency, is a mixed bag. to some degree, it helps me prevent actually committing suicide. knowing how painful the process can be, its failure rate, etc. i want to die, you know, and it has to be graceful. i do not want to die in pain, life is already painful. i already tried overdosing myself with benzos and failed, only to end up slurring some personal secrets ie. my homosexuality, my sex activity, etc. to my parents which stirrs up our relationship in a bad way. nevertheless, on the other hand, i keep trying to find a perfect way of committing suicide with the knowledge i know figuring out drugs' lethal doses, its toxicity characteristics, etc. it definitely does not help.as of now, i am currently under that spiral. i have been trying to find the perfect suicide method on the internet for the past two days. finding means to die and orchestrating my hypothetical death. maybe i am on my episode again i do not know. i quit taking my prescribed drugs and going to psychiatrists for almost a year under my parents' pressure. moreover, those drugs do not do well for me the side effects are just unbearable. i am already considering admitting myself to psych ward at this point, but as i am currently escaping from them and have no plan seeing them in the near future, i do not think it would do. furthermore, my established hatred of psychiatric drugs and what not, to my thoughts, would only make things worse, no?i have no one else to ask for advice. all people i talk to has never really helped. sure, they do care about me to some extent, but they ended up only wanting to stop me from dying without even addressing what the problem is, which to me is only means of distancing themselves from the liability. therefore, i would really love to hear your two cents from my story.for mods, i have tried reading this sub's rules and i do not know whether if this post breaks any of them. i am really sorry if it does. i do not wish anybody harm, i never do. random title
i am tired of the ups and crippling downs i would not say ups, more doing things that distract me long enough to not feel bad . nothing makes me happy long term. whenever things that do make me happy happen, like conventions, always lead to a nose dive of depression afterwards.i understand that that is life. that all good things mush come to end. but that is exacly the point. there was a quote from a show that i will never forget, it goes that is exactly it, are the best parts of life just finding momentary distractions to keep yourself busy so you do not think about the harsh reality of life for a second? i can ride roller coasters, meet new friends, and spend time with my family all day long. it is does not change the fact that ... all of this was for nothing. i cannot watch anime and avoid most of favorite shows anymore. i see a world full of real adventure and. not just what people think as adventure in real life. they have a quest, and objective, something that no one else has ever done. the mcs have friends who actually care about them. i cannot make any friends because of my paranoid personality disorder. no matter how hard i try i just cannot make any new friends. i have tried therapy but nothing has helped. i do not want to touch meds anymore because i have tried them and they made me feel worst. no matter how hard i try i just cannot make any new friends. i do not want to live the rest of my life being this alone. i crave people to hangout with but my ppd is so crippling.even beyond all my mental illness, i just do not see a future economy i want to be a part of. i do not want to have to constantly be burnt out just to barley survive. everywhere i look, i see young people totally drained. what kind of life is that?the fact that 78 of people live paycheck to paycheck, cannot have savings, half of college graduates are unemployed or underemployed, i just do not want to live like that.so, to that end, i have made ultimatum. i have just 2 years. if nothing improves i am going to die. but before i do there are something is that i want to do before i go. i have already started putting together a death playlist. songs i want to listen to before i go. i have already thought about my suicide note i am going to write. i have a list of people that i am going to write them too. many would say that life is worth living, and that you will never know what the future holds, but, honesty, if you do the same thing from different approaches and nothing changes, you really do not have a reason to hope. but if you die,then all that you will know is a painful life not really, because i will be dead. as far as i know, there is not an afterlife. you just die. i have given myself an ultimatum. 2 years. if nothing improves i am going to die. maybe life just is not for me.
i have been close to my friend for four years, in the friendship i was constantly apologizing for the mistakes that were not my own. we got in a lot of fights, mostly about respecting each other, since he never respected me. i made mistakes in the friendships, he made some overly bad mistakes. i was so scared of losing my friendship it ended up hurting me in the end. throughout the friendship, i helped him so much, paid for so much, bought him things to make him happy, and helped him with a girl that he loved for so long, just so he could be happy. so many things, because a part of me thought he was going to be my best friend for life, and i was manipulated a lot throughout the friendship. fast forward near our graduation, he gave me covid 19, and throughout covid 19, my dad passed away when i got symptoms, and i had to be locked in a small room throughout, and i never got to see my dad in his last moments when he passed. i stood in a room shaking, and that same idea torment's my soul, and has just weighed a huge amount of anxiety towards me. when i had covid, he would not let me tell any of our friends, he kept saying how it will ruin the friendship between me and him, and others. i was threatened, and vulnerable during the situation as my dad was currently in the hospital in critical condition. the only thing keeping me sane throughout the process that we were still friends, and he knew the most about my dad and i could talk to him. throughout this incident, a month later he ended up cutting me off for reason's that i regret, but summary was he talked shit about me to make people hate me, and basically it was a situation between how these people hated eachother, and forced it upon me and him, and basically the two girls manipulated him the entire time to hate the two girls. at the end it switched up on me for the wrong reasons, lies were being told. in the end my friend basically got mad for bringing up his name and he told me to go kill myself, and told me i deserve everything that is happening to me. now it continues that i am losing my other friends, i have fallen into depression, and he is slowly making everyone hate me. the only thing keeping me sane was being able to talk to people and distract myself, but nothing has gone good. every single week something worse happens, and i just do not want to be on this planet anymore. i do not want to go throughout life, my life is over, my dad is gone, and everything is just garbage. it comes to the point where i cannot even explain this situation because it is so long, and it is so fucked up. i just wan't to be happy again, but i will truly never find happiness. i do not know how to cope, i cannot even talk to my family about it. i just hate my life. i hate my life, and it seems like it is getting worse.
i have called the suicide hotline three times in my life. all three of those times, though through no fault of the caller, i have felt less listened to and heard than if i were to just ramble to my friends or internet strangers.'active reflexive listening' is a good tool when people use it correctly, but what i have been met with when calling has been the basic 'i hear ' or 'you sound '. yes, i appreciate your insight, but i do not need to be told my feelings when i want to slit my wrists while listening to my favorite songs as i black out from loss of blood. does anybody else have this problem of eye rolling when trying to seek help? i feel so selfish and frustrated at the same time. i have a therapist, but manic depression prevents me from caring about my meetings. i force myself to log on, put on a smile, and try to be insightful about my problems until nobody's eyes are on me again and i can take off my mask of mental health again into the faceless being i seem to be identifying with more and more. i am just so tired of everything. i am tired of human interaction in general. i do not know how to keep my energy as it and most of my positivity ends up jumping ship as soon as it can. i am tired of putting on a strong face and of bottling up all of this overdue crying i do not let myself experience. once upon a time i would have loved to hear a friendly 'everyone fucks up, it will be okay' but now i do not want to hear anything. i want to lock myself up and stare at the ceiling. i want to impose prison time on myself so that i am less responsible for a life i do not care about. i do not want my corpse to be found. that is the most honest reason for not dying already. my family's reaction. my sister's disappointment when she is dealt with this as well. but, i do just not want to wake up. i want a heat seeking one person disintegration missile comet type thing to just do its thing.i will probably call the hotline tonight and roll my eyes again. pushing away positive changes as i always do. ignoring things i do not want to hear. pretending the past is not the curse tainting any chance at happiness because i was afraid to try. taking solace in the fact that we all eventually disappear. meanwhile browsing tiktok lives to get noticed by strangers and attain a slight bit of validation that will end up disappearing in the air like all of those exhales after smoking anything to numb my head and my body. i want to let myself cry, but i am worried i will never stop at this point. i am alone. truly. but we all are. not sure of the point of this post now as the walls of dissociation come back up. thank you for reading. thank you for still breathing. thank you for being a part of this community and being vulnerable. the suicide hotline and other selfish rants
this is it. this is adulthood. i cannot fucking believe i was forced into this mess because two morons suffered from a lack of critical thinking. why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why? why?i never suffered a day in the void. nothing fucking bothered me but now i got to go to work. fuck off. why dad? why could not you just keep in your pants. a literal seconds spares me decades of suffering. but no, pulling out required empathy. asshole.this is it. this is adulthood. there is no magical man in the sky. there is no afterlife. there is no light at the end of the tunnel. there is no reward for my suffering. there is no magical rainbow. my soulmate does not exist. nobody is coming to save me. nobody gives a shit. there is no meaning. there is no purpose. the universe was a mistake.it was all a mistake. the universe was a mistake. i would erase everything if i had the infinity gauntlet, i would. without a doubt or hesitation. it would spare trillion upon trillion of sentinel beings. ending everything would be an act of pure empathy. no amount of happiness can out way our suffering and inevitable death. how could any god create this place? is he dumb? does he not care? is he dead as well? fuck him or her or it, whatever the fuck it is. how could it?i cannot see the bright side of life. there is no bright side without ignorance. my ignorance is long gone. i challenged lifes values and looked into the void, and now i wish to have no part of life troubles. i wish i could erase myself. i want to free from the shackles of life.so much suffering for no reason. over a million suicides per year. cancer. heart disease. stroke. diabetes. the list goes on forever, and for what? nothing. to end up in the dirt, slowly eaten by bacteria and maggots. what a cruel joke.i wish i killed myself at 15. i truly do. would have spared myself. i should have finished resident evil 4 for the last time, ate two chocolate donuts, jacked off and blew my brains out. i should have. nothing was worth it. like cioran said, you always kill yourself too late. he was right.i do not want to grow up,i do not want to be a productive member of this life cult. i do not want to be a so called adult. i refuse all of this. i want out. let me die. i refuse all the responsibilities that were forced upon me. i do not want a job. i do not want to pay taxes. i do not want any of this shit. leave me alone or let me die.this is it. it is only going to get worse. is not it? i wish someone loved me. maybe i would not think this way. i refuse to be an adult. i refuse all of this shit. i am not just another number in the machine. how dare my parents impose life upon me? who gave them the right?fuck humanity. fuck life, the universe was a mistake. i cannot believe i was dragged into this shitshow.
i am going into senior year in high school this year, and for as long as i can remember i have just felt like i do not fit it. like i do not belong. after a few years, i would say around 6th or 7th grade it turned into depression. i was seemingly indifferent to nearly everything imaginable. i was not sad, i was not happy, i was neutral. and it is been the same since then. i have no reason to not be happy. i live in an upper middle class family. nice house, my parents are great, my older brother is as nice as an older brother can be. i have a nice job and get paid well. i am just not happy for some reason. i had friends for a while, but one day i stopped texting first and after a bit i never heard from them again. but the was okay, i am pretty antisocial anyway. it is been years since i had any real friends. i have never had an real interests, nor hobbies. i have done many sports, but only because my parents made me. i was just mediocre at them. i always just wanted to go home and go back to sleep. my latest sport i did was mountain biking, i did it 9th and 10th grade but quit before the season for 11th grade started. since then, i have not done much. i just wake up, go to school work, come home, lay in bed for a few hrs and eventually go to sleep for the night. rinse and repeat. i do not know what i want to do as a career. i do not know what i want to go to college for, if i do go to college. i think id be fine majoring in whatever. i am not interested in pursuing anything, because i have nothing i want to pursue. i had never experienced suicidal thoughts until now, i think i was pretty content with my life up until a few weeks ago. since then i have just found myself asking over and over, is this life really worth it? why should not i just do it? i have had a really bad time sleeping lately because of these thoughts. hence why i am posting this at 1am haha. i have never self harmed before, never seen the point. never had the incentive to. if i were to commit, i would want it to be quick and as painless as possible. i have thought it over a ton. i have been tempted to unbuckle my seatbelt while driving and just slam into a tree, obviously have not worked up the gut to do that yet. i have been tempted to use a noose, but i have not found a place to hang it. lastly, i have thought of just slitting my throat. i think if i were to commit that would be the most likely because. anyway, back to it. i do not have a reason i should feel this way, everything in my life is fine. and that makes me feel worse. it makes me feel guilty. and that guilty feeling does not help. it is just and endless cycle round and round. i thought maybe writing this down might help, and there was no reason not to so why not. i have no reason to be suicidal, but i am.
i like to think that i have a pretty good life cannot say i have ever truly suffered or struggled which makes the fact that i want to kill my self that much worse. i do not even have a reason, yet it feels like that is the only thing i have ever truly wanted. if i want to kill myself now, what the fuck am i going to do when i have to face any actual hardship? i should be at a good point in my life. i just got my first part time job, i am going to be going to my dream college in a few months, but i still want to blow my fucking brains out. the only reason i can think of as to why i have not killed myself already is because i am afraid of what will happen if i fail. if i survive getting hit by a car or something and get seriously injured, not only am i going to fuck up my own life by throwing away my chance of going to college this year and the job i just got, but i am also going to be a huge burden on my parents who are planning to retire soon. if i had a sure fire way of killing myself i would do it in a heartbeat, but guns are out of the question since i have no way of getting one and there is not anywhere i could jump off that would be tall enough to kill me. the only thing i can think of would be getting ran over by a train, but some one would probably find me before the train comes.i just feel like i am supposed to kill myself. i mean, if i was not, then why would i want to kill myself for no reason for so long? like if there was a god, his plan involves me blowing my fucking brains out. if i had a reason then there would be something i could do about it but since i do not i just kind of feel like killing myself is what i am meant to do. it also sucks that i am such a huge bitch about it too. i tried cutting to sort of work my way up to suicide but i could never cut that deep. i feel horrible for saying this but i knew someone who cut themselves so badly they had to go to the hospital and i fucking envy them. i wish i had the balls to do that but i have to psych myself up for half an hour before i make a tiny cut on my leg. the one thing i want is to kill myself and i cannot even do that right, which is kind of fucked up.i do not really know why i am posting this. i guess venting to strangers is better than worrying my friends and family for no reason. i feel bad for saying all this because i know there are so many people who have it infinitely worse than ill ever have it who either do not want to die or have several good reasons for wanting to die, but i feel like i have lived the best life i could ever ask for and it still is not good enough for me. i am probably never going to get the balls to actually kill myself but i pray every day that i either kill myself or something else kills me. i feel like i am destined to kill myself
i was born with meth in my system,my mom was going to abort me but my step dad decided to intervene.my biological dad that i have never met was a depressive loser with a little dick and i inherited everything from him but his tallness.i grew up homeless essentially,we got to stay at my great grandmas house alot,but the majority of my childhood was spent in my step dads chevy k5 blazer.throughout my life i always moved,whenever i would make friends and gain a connection,we would leave,it left me numb and unable to form relationships, with the abject poverty and constant drinking,partying,domestic violence every night, and a mom that never hid anything from me, i had to grow up quickly. by 10 years old i had already told myself that i was ready to die, not that i wanted to,but i was ready.this made me really unrelatable to my peers,i acted like a little old man and never got to experience a normal childhood.by my high school years everybody thought i was a crackhead because i was always nervous,my clothes were dirty,and i never had good shoes, this led to me accepting that i was a loner,but i am full of social desire.all this made me really cold and unfeeling on the outside,i am really bad at expressing my emotions and anytime someone is fighting or in an argument i revert to the same frozen state of my childhood.fast forward to now,i am 20 years old and i am the only source of income in my family,my step dad has been in prison for 3 years on a 15 year bid. my mom has alot of health problems but even so she refuses to work or get disability,her constant drinking worries me.my 16 year old sister lost her mentor when her dad went away,these last few years she has been following my mom's mold,smoking cigarettes,dropping out of school,doing nothing.i work 48 hours a week and when i come home i am 100 occupied by serving others, i have no future, no personality, no ambition, i do not even have my license yet,i am just spinning in circles going through a deep cycle of depression and coping mechanisms.i am fat and short,have an odd shaped body and just generally ugly, i have no redeeming qualities physically,i cannot stand to look at myself in the mirror,or work up the courage to find a gf and be loved,but i get awkward around girls i like and make things weird.i have no purpose.no place on this earth i bought really sharp knives on amazon, but i do not want to be in pain and reflect on my life as i lie bleeding out,i am waiting to get a gun so i can just do a quick shot to the head and get i over with,no more bad thoughts,no more missing the countless friends i have left behind in the 30 schools i went to as a kid,no more pain, no more me. sorry,do not mean to give my life story,but i think it is relevant to why i do not want to breathe
i am sorry if this comes off as rambling. background info i am a 19 year old girl about to turn 20 and i am a junior senior in college studying dietetics. i was supposed to go to south korea to study abroad in february but the trip got canceled due to covid. ever since then, things have been getting bad again. i have struggled with pretty bad depression since i was 8 and have had several unsuccessful suicide attempts. i have had around 12 different therapists with only 3 of them making a difference, i have tried different medications that all work well, then stop working, and increasing the dosage actually had a poor effect. i have had friends in the past, relationships, and hobbies that brought me joy for the most part but i now feel nothing.i feel like a hollow, empty she will. i feel like my life is missing something but no matter how hard i try i cannot figure out what it is. i am set to move out of my parents house next month into the city for college but i am terrified and i do not know why. my relationship with my parents feels broken beyond repair and i have been working on it for years, and family therapy has not worked for us when i was a teenager. i want to be able to start over and have everything be happy and normal like everyone elses families seem to be on the surface but i know that is not possible and it kills me. i know how privileged i am and that just makes the emptiness worse, i feel so guilty and stupid for wasting resources by living a life anyone else could have and make the most of. i try so hard to make myself okay but i just do not know anymore.i am scared of getting older. i do not want to see myself age, i do not want to watch my parents die, i do not want to do this anymore. i do not even want to go to school for my career because it feels like there is no point and that i will still feel empty and dissatisfied and regret my choices. i want to be happy and have a job and a normal life but nothing is making me happy and i have no motivation to do anything other than lay in bed all day. i can barely clean anymore and it is hard to take care of myself. i want everything to get better but no matter how hard i try, it always gets worse again. i took 2 weeks off from my job as a waitress hoping i could take care of myself but now that i am back at work, it is still just as bad and i have urges to just waste my life away and stop trying. i want to die. i want it all to stop and seeing time pass me by kills me. i try to go out as much as i can, do exercise, and try to make new friends but it feels like there is no point. it all feels hollow. it all feels empty. i do not know what to do to make my life feel meaningful and it feels like nothing will ever be good enough. my life feels hollow
i do not even know what to write, i just feel very sad, angry and frustrated about the limitations of my very small brain. i have always been the stupider of the group and since i was a kid, people always have made fun of my intelligence. my family, the friends i used to have, the teachers and pretty much everyone that had the displeasure of knowing me, they all naturally converged to the acknowledgement of my own stupidity i do not even know if this sentence makes sense in english... if not, i am sorry about my poor english. . i am actually surprised i somehow managed to live for 24 years but i hope that soon, my stupidity will succeed in what it is supposed to succeed kill the bearer of the bad genes. but you know, i am too stupid for that like i am too stupid for many others things. in the shitty life i lived, i have always had to confront with my very limited intelligence every single time i tried to do something. i used to love history but i had to give up because my brain could not afford to retains all that informations, i used to love playing piano but i had to give up because my brain could not afford the ability to perform polyrhythms, i used to love drawing but had to give up because perspective was too complicated for my brain to be handled... i could go on with a very long list of things i tried to do but miserably failed because of my very low iq. because that is what is all about in the end. and no, i do not have any learning disability or other related issues, i am just a plain and simple stupid person with a pitifully low iq. cognitively speaking, i probably perform on a forrest gump's level, how am i supposed to fairly compete with all the normal people? i just cannot. everything seems out of my reach and even the littlest things you all do without thinking, they all require me an enormous amount of cognitive resources and i still manage to fail. how the hell am i supposed to find a job if i am too stupid to acquire the skills that are required for it? with the small brain i have, i would have hard time with the simplest of the job that pays minimum wage... do you think is that a life worth to living? even if i miraculously manage to find a job, do you think it is worth to live a life where you are too stupid to enjoy your passions? where you cannot understand how the hell works the world you are living in? should i just go on with money and just forget how unlucky i was at birth? should i just accept a life of complete ignorance? i am so frustrated right now because even after 1 hour of writing, i still cannot properly communicate what it feels to be stupid and probably this is the best way to describe it you just cannot do nothing. you just cannot. i am too stupid to live.
hi,i am a 28 year old she will of a man from the uk suffering with severe depression and most likely an undiagnosed mental illness!i entered such a dark corner of my mind that i tried to take my own life in 2016 and i lost my bottle at the very last moment, now i am what i call, stuck alive.i saw the potential effects that my suicide would have had, everyone told me how upset they were and how distraught they would be if i died.i also remember being distraught, distraught that i had lost my bottle and been saved, distraught that i had woken up in the nightmare i tried to escape from.ever since that day, i have been stuck alive, too depressed and suicidal to achieve anything, believe anything, want anything, feel anything... angry at myself and everyone else that i am not dead and do not have the bottle to end it, my step brother died a couple of years ago from an accidental recreational drug overdose and i wished it was me, he was only 18! why is the world so cruel?this of course highlighted again how devastating a death in the family would be.each day that passes i slip deeper and deeper into despair, i know this is happening i just cannot stop it, meanwhile my partner of 13 years has become a full time alcoholic that blames me for every problem she has within herself, i am open minded, but something tells me if she left me she would quickly discover these kind of problems are rampant within people our age.i am struggling to see the point anymore, pre pandemic i was doing my dream job, still wanted to kill myself but found myself being too busy to even think about it that much... it was more of an inconvenient intrusive thought at that stage.we scraped our way through doing any work that was available, being mistreated at each company of course, i fear the mental scars that my partner and i now both have on top of our pre existing issues is just too much to return to normality.she is pressuring me to have a child, people our age tend to feel like we are failing due to seeing previous generations achieve things that are 10x harder for us to facilitate, like providing security and stability for a child!i am receiving professional help, albeit very slowly via the nhs but the poor buggers are overrun as usual and things do not move quickly at all, i am wondering if other people can relate to this permanent lust for what is quite simply a smidge of happiness, i have never felt joy or pride or love and that is all i have ever wanted, i do not need money i just want fulfillment, i just want to wake up in the morning with no immediate desire to die!let me know if you relate, i seem to feel better hearing other people relate to me otherwise i convince myself i am the problem! maybe i am??? i am dead
small backstory i used to be a counselor on the suicide hotline, and i hated that job because i felt like i could not truly help anyone. unfortunately, i was also going through depression and thought it would be better to leave the job. i have tried using the hotline before and online, honestly they really sucked. i just felt empty, like that did not solve anything. swore i would never use it again. amp x200b i have been extremely depressed and suicidal lately due to the fact that i have very little social interactions with others. i have social anxiety. it is hard talk to others, i overthink everything, trying not to say the wrong things. i am mainly scared to talk to others,for fear of saying the wrong things and judgement, etc. i have not seen my therapist in a while due to scheduling and will not be able to til the end of the month. today i felt like i could not wait that long. i been talking to this new person and been stressing on how to talk to them and if i was annoying them. i did message them something that made them upset and i turned into a mess because i thought i messed up the friendship. i have little amount of friends and i have a fear of losing them to where i have nothing. i understand i overreact looking back at it now, but its hard... amp x200b i called the local suicide hotline because i have no one to talk to when i get like this. worse decision ever. called the line, told them i was feeling upset and suicidal. told them why i was feeling sad, do not know how to properly socialize, which was making my anxiety and depression stronger. she told me i know how to talk to people, i am doing it right now by talking to her. okay sure i get it. she asked me if i have any friends to talk to. i said no i do not have many friends and the two that i have, i do not feel comfortable talking to them about this . she said why do not you have friends? i said i do not know how to talk to others she said why do not you just talk to people? just talk to them okay? the fuck dude. and then she quickly ends the call by saying you just have to talk to people okay? and try to ask if they can make your therapy appointment earlier . that was it, not even 5 mins. i legit told her i was suicidal and having active thoughts, and this was the support i got. it made me feel even worse because it just further proved to me that i really cannot talk properly to others, like have a full conversation. i ended up having a bad panic attack for 10 mins. amp x200b tldr sad, told suicide hotline lady that i feeling suicidal and the reason was bad social anxiety, hard to coversate with others and deveop meaningful relationships. she told me just to talk to people its that easy! bye crisis hotline are useless
fuck i wish i was not so much of a damn coward about it, so many times i wish i could get it over with.just do not really want to put my mom through that, also do not want to risk my school loans being dumped on her do not entirely trust that my own death would be the end of it.i always chastise myself about feeling like this, that my stupid issues are not anything compared to the suffering many go through.yet that logic goes out the window when stress causes my anxiety to feel like it is ripping and clawing at my throat. that for everything i try to do to actually be useful to others almost always seems to backfire one way or another, like a constant reminder that i am always going to be worthless, that it is the punishment i deserve for even being born.that it is my own fault for even trying in the first place. or my own fault for not being able to ignore the pain in my back and knees more so i could push myself to just fucking do better. i mean why should i care if i ruin my body now? i barely expected myself to make it this far, to live this long. i mean eventually even cowardice will reach its own breaking point i imagine. constant reminders of failure and uselessness ramming against the dam will because it to shatter at some point. a meaningless existence like mine is surely destined to fizzle out soon enough. i just wish my death would not be as much of a burden as my life has been.how nice it would be to just pop away, to erase my debts and traces of my life as if i was never here to begin with. i know so many people fear the very idea of the end. but at this point i am either numb to the aspect of it or almost in a way dream of that time finally coming. i mean i could remember a time dreaming of what it might be like to finally be better, to find the joy and wonders of life which i mean i can appreciate and all, but there is also this sort of tarnish that constantly smudges everything when you have to live like this. that nothing can ever be good for too long. that things that bring you down have to roll over again and again until you just stop fighting and just become the punching bag that everything seems to zero in on. and maybe that is what the idea of death inviting in it is own way. that once you enter that dark abyss there just is not anything anymore. no terrible things to constantly remind you of how worthless you are, no good things that always perks up that joy and hope no matter how in vain you know it is, just waiting for them to be ripped away again like they always are.just a peaceful empty where i can fade away into nothing, where i can stop being a burden to everyone around me. but until then i guess i will just have to stick to dreaming. a mistake of a life
my name is nissa jones and i am 18 years old my english is not great, sorry . currently, it is 11 44pm as i am writing this. when i was 6 years old, i had sex with my big brother he was 10 and it continued till i was 12 years old. i used to idolize my big brother a lot and did everything he said even though i knew it probably was not ok. when i figured out what we were doing was wrong and i did not want to do it anymore, he used to bargain with me to have sex with me by saying if you do something gross you can play with me , or if you do this i will draw , etc, etc. i did it and it made me feel dirty and guilty every time. i was not able to tell my parents and i am still not able to. he still lives with us and everyday it feels like i have to peel my skin off me, i really feel so dirty and disgusting. i have been homeschooled all my life, i have no irl friends, i have no one to talk to except online friends but even they are not around. they do not care if i feel this way. because of this i have resulted to self harming to where it turned to tiny scratches then bruises, then cuts, then both, etc. i had a boyfriend online but talking to him is like talking to a wall. he was there, he bought me things. it was nice. until it was not anymore. he is a good person but my mind is not in the right place to be with someone so loving and it makes me feel guilty for dragging it so long and making him feel like it is all his fault. i really am a terrible person. i recently got a job that i was excited for but today was something bad. i was working with my coworker carlos and i asked if he wanted to be friends and shook his hand but i did it too long and it was so awkward. he made this weird look at me and it was the same look my brother had. it was gross. i felt gross. i went to the bathroom and i cut myself over and over i always wear long sleeves so no one knew. i have thought about suicide for a long time but each time i had a bit of hope things will get better or things will turn around, you know, classic sayings like that. things never got better, things never will get better, and no one can save me. i can only save myself but i cannot even do that, so what is the point? i am making this for just one ounce of hope from anyone because truthfully i do not want to think this way... i just wanted to be normal and do normal things. i am overweight, my skin is so dark and dirty, everything around me is dirty, my house, my dogs, my room, everything. everything is so filthy and gross. i am so filthy and gross. my parents do not care for me or how i feel neither do the people around me. i thought maybe if i died they will finally see me for who i really am. and maybe they will. goodbye suicide note
bit of a rant so you do not have to read. i am 34, i have had serious suicidal ideation since i was probably 16. diagnosed with severe clinical depression at 13, bipolar 2 at 19 which was then changed to borderline personality disorder at 21. told i will always have suicidal thoughts to some degree. i am moderately disabled if one can be moderately disabled by the sheer amount of physical pain and fatigue that i am in every day, even though i take morphine every 12 hours.. plus a load of other stuff.. my back is wrecked from herniating three specific discs too often, so they will not heal naturally. i have other stuff but it is complicated and does not really matter.i lost my job a brilliant job for a wonderful company in early 2013 because my mental illness was uncontrolled and then i had a breakdown. i developed fibromyalgia as a result. i am still unemployed.i have had many, many years of therapy. my mental health is better than it was, but i still struggle with it every day.i am married to a 73yr old, and the age did not matter when he was 60, but now.. it does. it really does. we have never slept together. we have had separate bedrooms for the past four years. he is a jehovahs witness and i am not.i love him dearly but i am beginning to resent him.my friends who know the full, complicated story all tell me to leave, to get a place on my own, to start fresh.how can i do that when i am unemployable? when i have no savings? when i have barely any income of my own because i have become dependant on my husband?these are all rhetorical questions because they have been asked twice before. i stayed, and look where i am. again.the number of times i have wanted to end my life is countless. i have never attempted, because i know when i do, it will be successful. i will have no 'attempt'. i have always been talked out. or just not told anyone.or done this write long, stupid posts on internet sites and by the end i just feel so sick of myself and my conceited whining that i end up engaging in self harm instead pain instead of oblivion. i deserved that.but there is got to come a point where i reach these crossroads, see their familiar options, and just think.. i cannot go down that road again. it does not work.. i cannot make it work.i realised today that my husband never asks me how i am, or if i am okay. it took a dream of someone who cared about me in the past to make me realise this.but all those people are gone.i am so lonely. so low.i do not want to hurt anyone and i know that i will. i just hope that they will be able to find it in their hearts to realise that i have spent my lifetime hurting.. and i cannot bear to do it any more. come to this crossroads so many, many times..
let me preface this by saying that this is mostly me venting and thinking that i am an attention seeker.i do not know how often it happens but its gotten to the point that i am writing this. i do not know if this is normal not but i am turning 20 in a couple of days and for the past 5 6 years have had on and off bouts of suicidal thoughts. some worse than others where i seriously plan out and try and figure out the way to commit suicide in a way that would not end up making my parents sad. i do not want to give myself a self diagnosis so i do not consider myself depressed, just really stupid.pretty much every night i have existential thoughts about wishing i was never born or wishing my parents and friends hated me so they would not care if i killed myself. i hate writing stuff down or trying to explain myself because of two reasons. first is i think i am an attention seeker meaning i think that i am not actually depressed. i mean in all honesty i should not be. nothing bad has ever happened to me so i should not be depressed i do not understand why. i hate talking about this because i hate people who self diagnose and try and get attention and pity from others. the only reason i am posting this is because i am concerned about my mental health because i actually visited a nearby bridge at around 4 am, but gave up because i was scared of my parents being sad. this is my second time writing this.my second reason is my parents. i honestly wish they never had me. they care about me, and i am basically just spitting in their face by having these thoughts. i wish they hated me so i would not care about waiting to kill myself.i would like to know how to bring this up to people if i actually am suicidal. currently i am hating myself to the extreme because i quit my first job after 3 years and have been leeching off my parents for the last month except for doing chores, and running errands for them. they even give me money for the errands and i do not even pay rent so i feel like a complete scumbag. i am interviewing for a job soon though.i pretty much dropped out of college because i could not even find the motivation to get out of bed in the morning, and that led me to being scared to go to classes because i am so behind.recently i have not found any joy out my hobbies either i just feel empty doing them so i just decided to stop doing them altogether. my interests, and motivation to do anything has just skyrocketed downwards recently so that is fun.sorry for the incoherent rambling, last question is is this normal to think this way, am i depressed, or am i an attention seeker. i would like to know how to bring this up to people if i am actually suicidal. am i actually depressed?
there is hopelessness i feel inside, as though i am lost in the desert and have been for decades. often i find it hard to recall why i am even living. i watch behind my computer screen as people go about their lives, making accomplishments and being social, while i just stay in my room and plot my useless ideas. mostly i just want it to end. except i have no way to kill myself and every time i have tried has not worked out? i feel most days that the cosmos is taunting me for something i did wrong, and cannot figure out how to make things better. pain follows pain. in all, i know that i have no way out except death.most people think that they know loneliness, but nobody knows it better than me. i have very few friends, most of all people view me as an oddity who they do not want to spend time with. i have no boyfriend or girlfriend and i am basically never going to because i am both autistic and asexual. the solitary life might not be so bad if i did not have this craving for human contact that i have had for years i am now 22 . all i long for is to go out with people but i have no way of meeting them. i was bullied in high school and had to drop out. at university, i could not seem to make any because i was too depressed by various things. covid did not help. and so i have gotten to a stage where i feel like a complete outsider in society, hating myself and divorced from the norms of everyone else. i have very obscure interests, philosophy and literature, and art and movies. on top of that, i do not have any career both because i find it sustain one and my autism.i am an artist, except what good is that if nobody cares about my art? i have made albums of music that nobody really listened to and i was too depressed to advertise. i have also just finished a novel that nobody is going to read. i thought for the past few years that i could express the unique aspects of how i view the world through art, but i do not think it matters. nobody is interested in me. i could self publish my book and then nobody will read it. and so i feel constantly invisible, like a ghost that walks through people embedded in the world. i have been forgotten i do not belong here i am just a strange cosmic absurdity.and so what are my options in life, go on every day in perpetual misery and loneliness having had many years of proof that nothing gets better? i have no hope, and i can see myself in 10 years being in the exact same state of misery. i cannot bear the thought of continuing on this road, the endless pain. i may be starting a ph.d. next year but i do not have the strength to go on like this. my plan is to find a place to drown myself within the next few days a summary of why i am suicidal
my life is worthless.i have done everything i can, to be the best i could. but demons chase me in my nightmares. in the back of my head, i stuff them into dark rooms in my mind, but their darkness bleeds out and corrupts my heart.i know people are good. i see beauty in everyone that opens their heart before. friend, family, partner....there is beauty in all, and i pour love. i sacrifice my heart and my life, to give my everything to see others built up. i commit to giving 25 of all income to the helping and building up of others. i carry 5's in my car at all time for the homeless. i almost always stop for the people walking on the side of the highway. i could tell you the names and stories of several of the homeless in this city, because i used to spend my time sitting with them, giving hugs, and rides. i love and cherish others.and i am alone. i have always been. this lastest abandonment is my own damn fault too. i fell in love with a married woman. i would not have, except that her marriage was one in which she was neglected and abused. and i took up the mantle of loving the gorgeous depths of her heart. but the facade came down, and the victim ran back to her abuser. that one is on me.but the only person to actually see me, and love me, and not leave, died after 5 short years.the relationship before, fell apart because she was emotionally abusive. she could not be wrong, would shift blame, and use guilt to avoid having to admit fault over anything serious. when i finally confronted her, she left.i am not a perfect person, i do not hold any doubt that i am my own ball of wax. but i am self sacrificing and other focused. i can see and take responsibility for my failures and absolutely give my life to always bettering myself. my sole ambition is to be the best man, and best potential husband, for the woman i assumed was walking on this earth, waiting for me to find her.yet all my efforts are for naught. i search and search and put myself out there in so many ways, yet connections are few, and the ones that do form, fade away quite rapidly.my one fear is that i am unlovable. and i am walking down the dark streets in my mind that led to two previous attempts on my life. but the difference between then and now, is i live in a city that you could be shot for just walking down the street at night.now i spend 17 22 hours a day, just trying to find something to do, someone to talk to, still searching for someone to love my desolate, worthless soul. my heart yearns to leave the dark streets of my mind, and take the last walk i would ever walk, down into darkness. it will not take long now.i do not want to die. i want the pain to end. i walk the path of destruction again.
hi all, first time here hope you guys are doing well. to start, i can tell you that being a 5 foot tall male living here in america is worse than death. everyone treats me like absolute shit, from strangers, friends, family, and of course women. it is already challenging making friends, dating life is on a whole other level of difficulty. i have had countless instances from strangers to even family giving me dirty looks, treating me unfairly solely for my height. i have followed the advice of what short males should do, such as working on yourself by improving looks, earning money, confidence, personality, etc. i have done all that, i am an attractive guy, i have money, and i am muscular for my size. i workout and i am 160lbs at 18 bodyweight, which is huge for my size. despite all these positives that everyone says you should focus on, it has not changed a thing as far as dating life. there has been two instances in which i have been told the exact quote i would date you if you were taller by my crushes, once in high school and the other recently in college, and these events destroyed me. i do not get any attention from women even though i have all these attributes. i cannot really blame them because they can probably find someone else who has exactly all the same qualities as me, only that they are taller so why the fuck would they go for me? i am nothing special. i am currently 20, studying a passion that i love at a good university, and i have a family that cares for me. those are the only reasons i have not offed myself yet. my parents have used so much of their time and money putting into my education and life, and i know if i kill myself my entire family's life will be ruined forever. and my depression suicidal thoughts are completely hidden from them because i am too embarrassed to tell them or anyone else for the matter. it is just not an option, i am sorry. reflecting on my current life, i literally have no friends. barely had any success dating wise. these past years have made me turn into a person that i never thought i would become. i began hating everyone i see, especially if they were taller because i keep questioning why life fucked me over for my height while everyone else gets to enjoy theirs normally. and i am sorry if you think this is not a reason for suicide, but to me it is been the biggest problem of my life that i just cannot handle any longer. i really do not know how much longer i can tolerate this. i fear that i will never get to live a normal life as everyone else from enjoying time with friends to being loved romantically with a partner, so why would i waste anytime and just end it all now? purpose of living as a 5 foot tall male?
i hope this helps at least one person. losing someone we love is in my opinion the worst pain a human being can feel. i could break my leg twice in one day, but eventually, it will heal and i will walk on by. but when the heart is broken, i am not sure if it ever truly heals. i think we simply grow used to the pain and allow it to make us tough. not stronger, but tough. they say it gets easier day by day and that is not untrue, but it feels like they are shrinking an experience so raw and gut wrenching into something as insignificant as a papercut. i think in many cases when we lose someone without actually losing them, it hurts more than if they were really gone. the pain is unbearable knowing they are somewhere living life, waking up every day and having coffee with someone else, and dreaming of their life without you. it is like staying in a hotel with paper thin walls, rooming next to them when they are with the person they love and you are in the room next door. standing on the bed, ear to the wall, alone. sunshine does not feel the same when we are hurt. instead of our skin soaking up the rays and allowing them to seep into our pores and giving us sun kissed skin, they beat down on us and burn us until we are red. fighting the pain can be just as hard as accepting it. trying to pretend like everything is okay like we are not hurting so bad that sometimes we wish the sun would not rise in the morning. wanting to stay in the dark because it is easier than watching something as beautiful as a sunrise leave you every night. but maybe this is a blessing, a sign from the universe that reminds us we are human. we feel pain because if we did not how could we ever know the true immense joy of love? the diving headfirst into the deep dark unknown putting our faith and heart in the hands of the one person our hearts beat for kind of love. the bitter truth is our hearts may never really be the same and we will walk away with scars. but we have to remember that one day we will wake up and our hearts will hurt less, we will go out for coffee by ourselves and not feel alone, we will dream about things other than what hurt us, we will meet people who love us, and we will experience things that make our hearts flutter. because that is life. eventually, the sunshine will not burn us and we will feel the warmth of its rays like a blanket over our shoulders, comforting us as we accept love and pain at the same time. and when the sky fades, a blaze of color will drop onto the horizon, then darkness will fall. and we will not wish for the darkness to stay forever anymore because we can find peace in knowing that the sun will always rise in the morning. just some thoughts
today has been too much for me to handle. i am going to vent a bit before getting into what i plan on doing for the rest of the evening.my heart's been aching for months, i do not talk about that much with people. i have learned and am still learning to expect much less than what i would like. the things i have wanted and maybe needed. . . i am in the process of convincing myself i do not. the things that used to hurt me cannot even hurt me anymore because i am just numb to it now, as i know it will just happen again eventually. people are not perfect, but i am just tired of the constant hurt, the conversations i feel like i am not always heard in, the apologies i have come to hate hearing each time. i do not want that anymore. i am a lot to handle as i have bpd, but i do not believe in the slightest that i am unlovable and that i am not deserving of the things i want out of this life mostly love. i deserve that, and after an entire childhood receiving none of it from the people i was supposed to receive it from and a couple of failed, abusive relationships. . . no, i absolutely do deserve the love i want. i have been in pain for too long. all i have ever wanted was to share my life with someone and vice versa make it ours . i do not want to be alone, but i am losing hope and i am getting too tired.i lit a candle i swore i would never light unless things finally felt good and okay things are not good or okay, but it is all part of my plan for this evening. as i type this, i feel certain that suicide is just the way i will go. i do not go out much to be possibly killed on the street or something related. i never did order sn and do not think i will plan to. i am considering hanging myself now. tonight, i will enjoy this candle as much as i can, take a nice shower, take good care of myself, wear some really comfy clothes and listen to some really nice music. maybe i will even play a couple games. i will be here for myself the way i wish others were for me. tomorrow, i will do more cleaning and organizing of my belongings. i plan to throw absolutely everything away.if by the end of all of these things i still feel the way i do as i type this, maybe it is meant. i told my best friend tonight about these feelings and the person i very deeply care for and adore so much does not know what is even going on. i feel like i am too much for them and i do not want to make their seemingly good night a sad one with these feelings. honestly, i wish i did not feel this way. i wish i could recover and live this life out with them. sounds pretty pathetic, but what is even more is that i had hope for there being a chance of them having a tiny bit of love for me. mental prep.
i have been feeling like shit for this last few weeks and it is gotten worse and worse the worse spiral i have had i am a while and after a row wit my boyfroend tonight who wants to end things with me because i am never going to go anywhere with life i feel like he is confirmed everything i ever thought and maybe i would be better off goneever since i was a kid i felt deep down like there was something wrong with me and it was like everyone else could see it. bullied through school which ended in an eating disorder, depression and anxiety all through my teens up until today which has ked to crippling shyness and issues with my emotions, i have self image issues and insomnia that never gets better. i am newly diagnosed with adhd yes i am on medication and starting therapy, but therapy has never helped me before which answers so much but leaves me with even more questions about my self worth. sure it explains why i have never been able to focus or do things i need to, it answers why i have always felt so wrong and why i have always had issues with my emotions and co trolling myself, but it also makes me feel like i am just even more likely to fail at life. my boyfriend does not even want a mentally ill me. my mother never did. i feel unmotivated and unhappy every day, i feel like i can never properly sort things out no matter how hard i try. and it feels like i try so hard everyday i wish i could explain to everyone how hard i am trying and i know i need to sort thins out today i contacted all my debtors but that is not good enough apparently even though it was so fucking hard and get nowhere and i am so fucking tired, i am so tired of trying and trying and being told its not good enough. i am not confident enough, i am not smart enough, i am too distracted and too emotional. my boyfriend ex?? was right tonight. i am going nowhere. it does not matter how hard i try. started smoking weed a few years ago at uni and its one of fhe few things that makes me feel normal, happy and less anxious bit it also makes me a bigger waste of space.mental health does not excuse me not being confident enough to speak to people or the fact i forget things maybe this is just my personality and i am just a pathetic person who is not capable of living. i am always just going to be a pathetic little girl who does not do enough. my head hurts from waking up and trying and i just want to stop. please, i just want to not have to try anymore and be what everyone wants but i never will be and i just want to stopeveryone leaves me because i am such a waste of space. i think its a good idea to take the weight off their shoulders and leave for them. for good. i think i should leave
i have flirted with the concept of suicide for most of my life. i have even experienced brief bouts of suicidal ideation all which manifested themselves in response to something or someone. all brashly reactionary. and if i am being radically honest with myself, i believe i would have been too scared to actually follow through with the act, had i a means of ending it during those very brief stints. as silly as this sounds, it helped a lot that i saw myself as... real. i was a real person. like, i was full name redacted . i had hobbies. i had talents. i had upcoming trips on my calendar. i had obligations which i actually excelled at showing up for. i had the makings of a future. there were people who were active in my life and i in theirs. i did not hate myself. i was actually an alright person for a minute there...oh but being talented and having hobbies amp having a supportive circle of people who value me as much as i do, them, etc... sure. those things should absolutely not be taken for granted but of course that is not the same as being mandatory prerequisites in order to have a future worth living to see to it is natural end. but then, as it always does, stuff happened life happened.. and blah blah blah. still though, i suppose i should not use the phrasing but then, since i was just about the same as before with regard to how i thought about the topic of suicide. it was merely something i tried to understand but could not, for the simple fact that i was not actually a suicidal person thus there existed a mental block of sorts preventing my mind from fully going there and grasping the concept to my satisfaction. now fast forward to... lately. i... must have crossed a line of sorts somewhere, somehow. i know this because, when i come across the subject of suicide in any context amp by anyone, it is not fear or unease that surfaces within me at least not initially, these emotions do come up though in response to my lack of being afraid of the act of suicide it is also not even innocent introspection, pondering about when my husband committed it a decade ago no.. instead i experience an anticipatory... excitement? it is very similar to that feeling you get when you are underwater and you know that you will be able to come up for air soon, but not just yet. it is frenzied eagerness for relief.. i guess even at the cost of yanking a steering wheel, or finding a vein to pump a lethal amount of opioids into. the internal monologue basically goes something like ... finally it will stop, at last the loudness will end, the sharp edges of existence will cease, and i will experience the epitome of true nothingness. or in other words paradise. before i go
i was here a few months back with a broken foot, two torn rotator cuffs, failing liver and kidneys, lyme disease, an abusive family who recently cut me off, 15,000 in medical debt not even including the cost of the treatments i need to keep myself able to function at all, unable to work, and virtually bedridden. my entire future, gone. just like that.things got better for a while. i pulled myself out of it enough to see a light at the end of the tunnel i was seeing results from herbal treatments, starting to write again, learning to be back in public, trying to move out, and even got a job briefly. i started dating someone new, who is absolutely incredible and exactly the person i needed, and i love them so so much. and then, all in the past two weeks, i tore my rotator cuffs again, re broke my foot, my partner is moving 17 hours away to pursue their dreams which i have done my best to support them in, but honestly it is killing me , i got a uti and was put back on antibiotics that have put me back into liver and kidney failure, and i have ran out of money to afford lyme treatment, so i have very little hope of finding a way to get back to working again anytime soon. i do not qualify for disability for various reasons, and cannot find decent medical care, even if i could afford to pay for it.i hate asking for help, and i am too afraid to accept it if it is offered. the people i am staying with currently are nearing the end of their patience with me, and i am too. i do not feel like i deserve to get better this time, but that just leaves me standing on top of this parking garage, shaking and too scared to actually jump, in case i would fail again.things were better for a while. i got cocky i felt safe. i ruined it again. i am staring down the barrel of a cancer diagnosis. i do not know how to do this anymore and i do not have the patience to wait on myself to get better anymore. i do not feel comfortable taking pain medication because the reason i am disabled in the first place is due to not registering pain enough until it is become chronic. i was not depressed anymore, either, and now it is back because it is circumstantial go figure i personally am unable to take antidepressants due to medical issues anyway. anyway. i just... i do not know how to keep going. i do not know how to keep going. i absolutely despise myself, i do not know how to do this anymore. if i do not kill me, the cancer will. either way, i am going to die alone, with my partner across the country, and my family will put my birth name on my gravestone. i just cannot do this anymore. really burned out, ruined everything again, probable cancer, medical debt, i just cannot anymore
just to clarify, i have never told anyone that i have wanted to die because of them, and i will never do something that in my life. but... what i have done, having realized that yesterday, is something very selfish...in the past years, i used to tell some of the closest friends i have ever had about my feelings of suicide, like i felt sad, empty or than i wanted to catch the bus, including a time i engaged into self harm once or twice, but i never told them it was because of them or something similar . i also told the same things to people i used to know from the internet...what i did... is unforgivable. i put such a huge burden on them , i think i made them feel they were responsible for my happiness... even if that was not my intention, even if i tried to reciprocate things to them as much as i could the damage was done.those things should only be told either to qualified mental health professionals with decades of study, or in anonymous forums with people who have similar problems, but either the anonymity or professional relationship have boundaries to ensure the person who listens will not end up feeling guilty or responsible.maybe that is the main reason i ended up being mostly alone... even if i was desperate for help, i asked for it in the most horrible way i could have ever done...they moved on because they deserved to be happy, they deserved to be surrounded with positive people who love them, they deserved all the good things in the world...something that a useless, toxic and cowardly person like me would never be able to provide... even if i was hurt a lot, even if society ended up betraying me, i should have never asked that kind of advice to them... honestly... i do not think i have ever been a good person at all... ever since i was a child i have had trouble connecting with people, my way of being like how i speak, walk and express myself , pissed them off so much that they ended up bullying me as punishment, or they slowly ignored me until i got the message and moved away from their lives.heh, and i thought i could be a hero... what kind of hero does that?what kind of decent human being does something like that?like someone told me once, even if i never had bad intentions towards them, my final actions were the ones that mattered the most.aristotle said that there are friendships based either on affinity, utility and true love...aside from some exceptions, i think most of the friendships i have ever had in my life were about utility and affinity, with very few ones based on true love...and if deep inside my core i am not a good person, it explains why i have to suffer like this as punishment. i think i have been a manipulator...
hey reddit, sorry if this is too much but i really do not know where else to turn to so any advice at all would be helpful.one of my closest friends since i was 15 has been going through a lot recently, she is open about her feelings and what has happened to her and has always said she feels like her life is not worth living. we had not talked for a while since 2018 but she reached out last month and we have been hanging out a lot since then.however, she told me that at the beginning of this year she was sexually assaulted by an immediate family member and since then she has been traumatised and has developed ptsd. she told the rest of her family about this when it happened and wanted to press charges against him but they do not hear that as the perpetrator is under the age of 16, and i think this is the main reason as to her feeling this way as she told me she had always been quite close with her mother who does not want her to press charges . since then she has been living in a refuge as she cannot stand to be around her family, understandably, but it means that i cannot even try to call emergency services to come to her location as these places do not give out their address even to the residents .she seems like she will go through with it as i found out she has been spending all of her money on her friends and buying people gifts, which sounds like her because she is an amazing person who has always been there for other people. and now it feels like no matter what i say or do, it is not enough and as someone who has thought the same things as her i understand that completely. she also told one of her friends that she has bought the 'equipment' to commit suicide and is planning on doing it next week she did not specify which day as she does not want anyone stopping her as she had tried to get through to her mother again earlier today about pressing charges but to no avail.i have spent a lot of time with her recently as it felt really good seeing her again and catching up after so many years, it is like she never left but she is about to. she reconnected me with one of my old buddies too, but since then told us that it was part of her 'bucket list.' i really do not know what to do i cannot even thin straight so i am trying to ask anyone i know for some advice, the situation she is in is a horrible one which i cannot even fathom so it feels wrong even trying to look for some way to help her as she is so insistent on what she is planning to do.if it helps with the advice, we live in the uk. any advice or help whatsoever would be so greatly appreciated. my m21 friend f21 has been planning to k ll herself next week and i do not know what to do
i have been to therapy, treatment for self harm, depression, violent tendencies, suicidal urges. i have tried affirmations, new routines, pursuit of interests, and making friends.therapy put me into debt for years longer than i attended. months of positive affirmation practice just made me hate positive phrases and platitudes. no perceived difference in various routines, i still live every day either on the verge of a panic attack or drowning myself in distractions like movies and books. i spent twelve years pursuing various interests and that just revealed to me how much of a fucking talentless idiot i am. my friends are all good people, they invite me to their events and treat me like one of them, but interacting with them feels like a waste of time. every time i think that i realize just how much of an asshole i really am.i used to love my job. prided myself on work ethic above all else. really loved that jocko willink line about navy seals cleaning toilets. for years, i greeted my coworkers with a smile and a compliment. worked longer hours than anyone else in a high speed, high stress environment. dealt with toxic people with sunshine and rainbows. and in my free time, i would write. of everything i pursued, writing brought me meaning.i am tired. i cannot remember how i cared so much before. i thought i would already been through the darkest time in my life. i have gotten away from my petty family, but the panic attacks will not stop. i cannot sleep unless i stay active until the point of total exhaustion, because if i spend a minute with my eyes closed all i can see is every way i have failed at everything i do. i have ruined every relationship i have ever had. everything that has ever gone wrong in my life is clearly and obviously my fault.i do not see a way this gets better from here. i am too old for someone to take pity on, which is how i have gotten even this far in life. i am not attractive, intelligent, wealthy, or even financially stable. writing, the one practice that delayed me committing suicide years ago, more often than not leaves me feeling worse than ever as i desperately seek that state of flow before i freeze up and start chewing on my fingers.i am amused that i feel that same state of flow while writing this, sifting through memories that at any other time would leave me a cringing nervous wreck. it is been 3 months since i last felt it. i cannot wait that long again.i cannot let anyone down again. i wish someone would just be angry with me for screwing up. but that would not fucking matter anyway. i am not mature enough to accept criticism.i do not want to put up with my bullshit anymore. i just want it to stop.
i had a fairly decent life untill i grow up and i always helped people who had a idea of killing themselves many times back in highschool so this is not a random topic for me, i believe i have changed many people's mind and helped them get better but for the last few years things started to fell off one by one.what exactly do i mean by started to fell off? the girl i met in high school and then become lovers died after 4 years of dating after high school, family is also non existant, had health issues etc.i was pretty okay with many stuff starting the life without a lack of family, having hard time to find my place in the social life and such and always felt strong enough to deal with everything but as the time goes i just got tired of being strong, acting strong, trying to implement myself in to social life and finding people to bond with have a good time with.and recently by losing the last person i felt some connection to the world being gone and myself having some health issues that may or may not be important, having to lose all my friends and now that not being able to find new people and such, i just got really tired, really tired, i carried so much stuff as a child and a grown up but somehow i am now exhausted i never thought i will be this tired in life like ever.i always been a observer but i am tired of being one because i cannot fit myself in to anything nowadays and i am tired of seeing people being happy with something someone i started to get jealous and question my life and found the details i ignored all this time.that questioning part lead me to asking did i really deserved everything? because should not that be go like, bad things happen then you get some happiness and then it gets a straight line for normal and always climbs up for people who are extremely lucky. i know there is no rule this is just a random vent i guess? i concluded on that i do not deserve to be alive and i do not fit in anywhere in life anymore. so therefore i believe that i should just give up at this point because i had enough, i tried enough, i fought enough.funny part is i still love life, how things go for people around me as i said i spent so much time observing them and i like how good things going for them etc. i am just tired of mine going flat down with everything, literally everything.i kind of do not expect anything from anyone and i still have like a pages of things that i can talk about and the saddest part is i am aware of literally everything my situation, what should i do, how i sound etc.anyways this is the chaos going on in my head that i plan to solve by giving up,thank you. i think i have arrived the end of this road.
therapy is not working, nothing's working. i spend my days going to work, cracking jokes and putting on a show and when i come home at night i have nothing left. i end up just staring at my phone or distracting myself for hours until i fall asleep. i just want to crawl into a dark cave and cease to exist. i am too much of a coward to hang myself because i do not want the pain or the inconvenience to anyone else. maybe i am thinking about it wrong the inconvenience to everyone would at least be fleeting. get all my affairs in order first? make sure wherever my useless carcass ends up that it is at least easy to get rid of, everyone can just move on and forget about me. i will leave a note saying i do not want to be flown home, that they can just bury me in the ground or burn me whatever costs the least. my friends and family will not have to worry about me anymore, they will know where i am. i will be dead. i am just so so tired of being apathetic. hiding through laughter is just so exhausting. i am a shitty friend who can barely even muster up congratulations and happy feelings for the engagement of 2 of my best friends. they must see it and think i am such a selfish cunt. and they are right. i am so caught up in my own swirling misery that i cannot even come up for air to be happy for them. every person in my life is moving on, growing up and becoming these incredible humans who i could never hope to be like. i have wasted my life. i am 31, alone and aimless. music, comedy, art, all things that used to give me so much joy now just make me so sad. it is like i have already died. i was not always this way. 9 months ago, the love of my life decided to start an affair with his work colleague. i never saw it coming no one did. i honestly thought that that was it for us, that we really loved each other and we would have some boring and clich happily ever after.she was a friend beautiful, accomplished. everything i am not. it carried on for 3 months whilst i lived in a complete fantasy land of my own making. 5 years of happiness, of future plans and excitement, extinguished in an instant. he moved out 6 months ago. i still see him from time to time. him and her are not together. i still love him. he cares about me, but only through guilt.i do not want to hurt him, but i am hurting myself by continuing to be here. the thing is, i forgive him. i forgive him for what he did to me and our lives. he will be better off not having to worry about me anymore. he will be able to get back together with her and no longer feel guilt. i want him to be happy and i want to set him free. i want to set myself free too. someone thanos snap me already
there are different 'types' of being suicidal, and what i am learning is that i have discovered another type. an oddly beautiful type. a type i never knew existed. a couple years ago, i was in the stereotypical 'defeated suicidal' state where i finally caved i admitted i could not do things alone, reached out to family, started calling the suicide hotline regularly, and slowly things improved. before now, i would always associated suicide with feelings of hopelessness, sadness, anger, and negative energy in general. i wondered if it was possible for someone to kill themselves with the energy of love and bliss for someone to kill themselves with a genuine smile on their face. was it possible? today i have learned yes, it is. it is a beautiful day one of my favorite kinds of days. the sky is completely clear and blue, the trees are green and lush, i feel beautiful, i texted 'good morinng' my sisters this morning we are closer now than we have ever been before , and yet if i had a gun in my room, i know i could easily insert the barrel into my mouth, telepathically tell the universe god that i am in love with it and that i have enjoyed my time on earth that i have appreciated every bite of pizza, every puffy donut, every sip of creamy, milky coffee, every agonizing second of being in love with a boy i could not have, every orgasm that felt like temporary obliteration, and pull the trigger with the final smiling thought, existence, my love, i have total trust in you. who knew being suicidal could be so beautiful? i am so at peace. i am discovering that this is what it means to truly not fear death. to trust the universe so totally and with so much love that it becomes a bond building 'free fall' with your best friend. i love you universe. i love you existence. i imagine suicide often, but with each passing day, it is less and less dark, less and less negative more and more full of love, trust and beauty. because of this, i am the closest i have ever been to killing myself, only because now i truly have nothing to fear. however conversely my imagined death with a gun exudes so much warmth and love that i no longer have to do it. it is like imaging yourself eating ice cream, and the imagined simulation being so good, you do not actually have to eat ice cream anymore. i am very suicidal, 'dangerously suicidal,' and yet i am also so in love with life and everything around me that i feel at a perfect neutral completely suspended in a space where choosing to live and choosing to die would be choices easily made with the exact same energy the energy of love and trust. i am in complete bliss and am the most suicidal i have ever been
i am so fucking jealous of people with families that actually love each other. i could not feel less distant from mine, and i literally live with them. sometimes i hate myself for it and remind myself that when i am older and move out and they are old and dying that i would regret not spending enough time with them .. sometimes i just wished they would die now so i do not need to feel guilty later on .. does that make me a bad person? my mom is bipolar and my most vivid memories of my childhood are visiting her at mental hospitals or watching her have some manic episode. but i love her, so much. she is the only reason i am still alive because i know if i would die that she would go completely insane. whenever i mention moving out or college to her she gets so sad and tells me that i cannot leave her .. once i just joked about going somewhere and for the rest of the day she kept on bringing it up and asking me why i said that and that i can never leave her .. i really wonder what it would be like to have a normal mom she does not do anything like a normal mom would. she does not care that i am visibly depressed, never eat, never go outside, etc .. she does not care. i try to tell her so much, my doctor told her to call a psychrasict.. but she fucking will not because its too expensive and she thinks i am too young to be sad.. i am 16 ..my dad is the same. i feel like i have to literally slit my wrists till they visibly bleed out or try to kill myself so they feel guilty that they did not pick up on all the signs before. my brother is an asshole and people say that trauma brings siblings closer but i feel like i do not even know him. hes a complete stranger to me. i still care about him though because i feel bad for all the shit my dad put him too .. and i wish he cared about me even a little bit but i know he does not. hes so fucking rude to me and my mom, hes physically abusive, and just so god damn annoying. i literally have nobody in here and i feel so fucking lonely all the time. i have like 2 friends but our friendship is broken and they have their own families to keep them comfort. i have nothing and no reason to continue living for. i always talk about how much i want to die .. but i can never do it .. i cut but i cannot just kill myself .. i wish i could, or i wish a car would hit me or id die some really fast way so it can all be over. the thought of death calms me down and whenever i feel stressed about my future or anything .. i tell myself that i will be dead before than so it does not matter .. i can kill myself and all of this will go away and nothing will matter why did i have to be born into this family
i never thought i would be in a mental place like this. i graduated undergrad last year 2020 in the midst of covid and made it through. i was the happiest college student ever. i had a 4.0, involved at school, inspired to start working, eager to begin a career, and adaptable when covid disrupted my norm. i applied to graduate school and was awarded a graduate assistantship position, what a dream! it paid for my school and i got to re create my senior year that was rudely interrupted. my best friend was coming too and i got to work 20 hours a week and go to night class, something i was already used to. i started the year nervous, just like any new student does and i quickly adjusted. i made amazing friends, started going out, found my passion for marketing again through my ga position and my amazing supervisor and i had literally never been happier. then, the year flew by and poof graduation was here and i have fallen into the deepest depression ever. i have battled with anxiety and depression and some minuscule suicidal thoughts in the past typically when change happens but nothing to this extreme. i was such a happy student. i love school and learning more than anything and now i do not know who i am. i do not want to get up everyday and work 8 5 by the way fuck everyone who said it was 9 5 because its definitely 8 5 . luckily i got a job soon after graduation, negotiated a salary and am working in my career field everyone looks at me like what else could you want? i want my life back, my life. i want to be a student, i want to be in an environment where i am comfortable and not wanting to drive off a bridge every morning i drive to work, its exhausting. i am doing the therapy thing, i am on anti depressants, but nothing works. i read suicide stories every day on reddit and listen to self help podcasts on the way to work. i recognize my mental disorders, i am probably the most competent patient my therapist has but the depression does not care. i know i am smart, i know i am good at what i do, i know i have love and support around me, but none of it matters. i think about ways to kill myself every day. i do not want to hurt anyone that loves me, i do not want to feel this way but my brain literally cannot see the positives. the future looks like a black hole that i can never get out of. i depended so heavily on school and that environment that i do not know how to operate outside of it. i am helpless. i have the means to end it all, i am absolutely terrified of what comes next, but sometimes that does not seems as bad as living my new life the way it is. i am so fucking tired of feeling this way. imposter syndrome
so many posts i have read from teens and 20 year olds wanting to end it. it makes me sad. i was there, and we really have no idea how little of the world we seen. and how hopeless it really is not for the most part . i have managed to make it this far. but i am not entirely sure i am supposed to go much further. i never saw myself getting old and maybe this is why.i ran away when i was 16. dad left when i was five, my mom was an alcoholic and had two more kids with a married man. she died three years ago. i have had a hard childhood...blah blah blahever since i left home i have been fighting for a better life. i believe life is choices. you wake up and choose to be better then your past. you recognize what is right and wrong and know how it feels to be bullied and not loved and demeaned, so you choose to act the opposite, embrace people and be there for friends because you know what it is like to be alone and you do not want anyone to feel like that, like this. things are supposed to get better. i am now 43. i have worked two jobs my entire life until i turned 40 and mentally could not take it anymore. i have not been on vacation in over 20 years. i have student loan debt. do not go to college, it is a scam.last year i was laid off from march until january due to covid. i had to move. all my savings is gone. i have 20 in my bank account. i am tired. i am supposed to return to work in august, september at the latest. the last three weeks i have thought about death. have written my note in my head over and over. they say money cannot buy happiness, but it can buy relief. when you do not know how you are going to pay your rent and bills it gets overwhelming every...single... day.i see so many posts about people having good jobs and money and husbands and wives and kids. people who have a good life but you still want to die? there is no help. i am not ready yet. i still cry when i think of it, but i am not scared to do it. i am just not ready yet. but the thoughts come more and more and i do not think it will be too long. i am trying to memorize things...how things feel, smell, and look. subtle differences that we take for granted every day or miss. like how someone is eyes light up or how a smile spreads across someone is face.so, my younger ones, think about your life. see the beauty in what you have. you have so much a head of you and there is much joy in this world. love yourself. you may think you have nothing and no one, but if you think about it, it is probably not true. find something, anything to keep up the good fight. and it can turn out good, so i am told. i am trying. you try too. xoxo to all the young
gunna be honest. i am not sure what i have to say or really how to express myself so here goes nothing. i feel like a empty, sliced open yoga ball. deflated, defeated by the angry self distructive voices inside of myself but still so hungry for every drop of hope that i will become the legend my mother told me i would become.so tonight is a drink and try to cry it out night which i do not do very often i think about it very often . i am attempting to drown out the sorrow with high energy music, problem is, i have never been to a psychologist yet and i still have a long wait ahead of me until i recieve my first. i am 27. and from the south.i ran away from there due to a bad relationship with my ex. the woman who had my first and only bio child.we were both young and emotionally mentally broken. we thought we wanted needed a child to be valued and grow forward. the part we forgot to participate in was the self discovery and self exploration in the late teens to mid early twenties.instead we pushed different things into our relationship trying to bandage the scraps and bleeds. day after day filled with yelling we degraded each other. and seeing as the south does not have any truely functioning mental health knowledge system we had no idea what we where doing to each other and all the ramifications of those 6 years. i chose to remove myself from the situation by moving to oregon from texas because i felt that if i continued on that specific path that i would choose to off myself. instead i chose more pain but higher benefit for my son, live, and choose to learn to be better, so that he can have his father one day 100 .now. i am in a relationship with a mother of two girls here, and while the circumstances have changed i have not i guess. becquse the depression is getting worse despite having a seemingly healthier relathionship, and trying my fucking best every god damn day to learn about my demons and how to conquer the storm within, but it seems that between the pain of the trauma of the past, physical and mental ptsd from life..... idkthis is a everyday hard god damn fight. and i am not going to give up. but fucksitting here with my whiskey, smokes, smoke, and tears running down my face just wondering what the fuck i am doing and where the fuck i am going. i feel like if i did not have to fight myself every god damn day i could put all my energy toward changing the world. instead of reminding myself to just drink water and take a showerits just that.... the fight against the voice that is always trying to get me to eat a bullet is never ending.....and i know i am strong but i do not know how strong struggling.
how fucking stupid a statement that is. wanting to be forgotten. and that is how i feel. should not i want to feel wanted? it gives me anxiety when they try to want me? when they try to talk and relate. when they touch me. that hurts the most when i do not feel the warmth. for so long they were caged by their pain, tormented by said pain. as most of you know it gets better. they eventually finagled themselves out of their internal prison and gained control of whatever animal or thing locked them in their. i am happy for them. but what about me? i had to watch as they suffered. i had to watch my mother hold a knife to her throat. i still remember how she looked, finished. as she sat there staring with nothingness in her eyes at the bleak yellow walls. she looked empty. all she had to do was pull and that was it. she would have bleed out on that floor as her husband and her son watched. it did not happen and she taken away the next day. someone got rid of the knife she was using but i can still feel the graininess of the wood handle. i still feel the serrated edges on my neck as i try to understand what the fuck just happened. i wish i would have pulled that trigger when i was 13. i wish. i wish i could go back to that day and pull the trigger. i wish i could go out how i want. i have always loved the idea of dying violently. there is just something about crashing into a freeway divider going 126 mph. that is the fastest my car goes. well, the fastest it went. i was going to do it that way. i had committed to that plan this monday but never set an exact date but i know it was soon. this thursday i totaled my car by driving into a street lamp. oops. now i cannot even fucking die how i want. i wish. i wish i could take all of your pain and anger away and die with it. then forgotten. so no one can remember what they had to go through. i read all of your stories and fantasize that you all get the happiness and serenity you deserve. i know its not right to speak for others but i truly feel that having a calm mind is all of us want. i mean that is why this sub exist. i would die happy knowing i could take all that to the grave. but id only release my pain on the ones who want me now. why could not they have wanted me earlier. i am sorry if it seems i am ungrateful because some people are actually alone. everyday that feeling of dread fills my stomach as it gets darker and darker. lately my up hill battle is becoming a down hill stroll into the void. how fucking stupid am i? i want to be forgotten. if anyone wants to video chat or call or text. i like to go on long walks. id love to hear you. i want to be forgotten.
depression majordepressivedisorder is a common and serious medical illness that negatively affects how you feel, the way you think and how you act.i know that this is a very sensitive topic and i am very open for corrections, additional knowledge and ideas if ever.before, i somehow associated depression with sadness. i mean, with the lack of knowledge, i used to think that sadness and depression are quite synonymous. but it is a big no no. based on an article i read, sadness is defined as a normal human emotion. we as a human being tend to be sad disappointed downcast over a specific reason but eventually when we have already adjusted on the situation our sadness remits. while on the other hand, depression isanabnormalemotional state, a mental illness that affects our thinking, emotions, perceptions, and behaviors in pervasive and chronic ways. unlike sadness, depression does not easily elapse until treated just like any other illnesses. what can we do to help people suffering depression?convince them to seek medical help.consulting a psychiatrist is not shameful. consultations might be a little pricey but there are still foundations or psychiatrists who offers affordable or sometimes free consultation. be a good listener. rather than giving them random life advises it is better to just sit there and let them feel that you are always available to listen. never force them to open up. and also, avoid using statements such as cheer up , forget about it it will pass and etc. because this will not help. make them feel that you actually understand them. again, the situation that they are in does not just pass or wear off , it is not a phase but an illness.give them hope through god. besides on their mental health, they also might need spiritual help. pray for them and let them know that we all have god at our back. ask them to participate mass, worship sessions or bible groups.i am alarmed as some of my friends are actually experiencing it and i really have no idea on what to do or what to actually say, because i know that there is no amount of words that can actually ease the pain they are feeling. the best thing i can do, is to listen and make them feel that they still have that someone who actually cares for them when they feel that they do not matter anymore.to you, it is okay to feel that way. i know that things might be unbearable but never lose hope. someone out there actually loves you so much. please continue fighting. this world might be cruel at times but still remember the happy days and the people who actually makes the world lovable. there is hope.better days are coming. let us claim it. depression
i am feeling a lot of existential dread at the fact i am almost 30 and have achieved nothing worthy of notice. i have suffered depression and anxiety since i was 18 years old, and i have always managed to overcome it, until the past 2 years. i am stuck in a house i despise, to the point where i live in my bedroom cos it is my only safe area and cannot afford to repair or move because i only earn 7k a year as a cleaner. i have applied for endless jobs to try and improve, giving up on finding jobs relating to my degree illustration and design , because the northeast of england just does not have those kinds of opportunities. i work freelance, and have tried running an etsy selling merchandise, but have been on a 2 year hiatus because i am slowly losing the will to see why.i have applied for so many jobs and constantly get rejections, my manager was kind enough to offer me receptionist shifts now and then. but even with that experience i am still not good enough. i recently dabbled in of, not for money related reasons, but for some kind of self love and confidence boost. i stopped because it felt pointless, even when earning a little. i also stream occasionally for fun, but i have even lost enjoyment from that. i am at a point where i just no longer want to exist. i have been in bed for days and feel a burden to my partner, who has been ever so kind to me. i feel like i do not deserve his help in all honestly. i tried ringing my doctor about some therapy, i was referred again to a uk company called talking changes, which were useless to me in the past. when i told my doctor this he just said well i cannot do anything else, so i never asked for help since, that was also 2 years ago.i tried talking to my parents about how i feel, and as i broke down crying, i was snapped at for being upset as it does not help anything and it is no use crying . i just ended up driving home, whilst crying my eyes out. that was the last time i got out of bed, 4 days ago. i am not drinking anything, i am not eating, i just want to slowly shut down, because i see no end to this persistent hell. i never wanted a big fancy life, all i wanted was to be happy and content, to feel like i was worth at least something. all of my friends are making big achievements, getting big promotions, buying nice houses, even my bullies are achieving more. and i am just a loser like i always was. just basic bitch me. i know if i could at least afford to move house, it would be a start and i would feel comfortable. but it is like the universe is fighting against everything i do. i just do not know what to do anymore. i am stuck and i want it to stop.
my town is depressing as fuck like insane levels of boring and my parents did not have a lot of money so i did not get cars and the other fun stuff out here. i ended up losing all my friends and was just depressed sitting around all day. everyone here is really really cold and mean its not like everyone says about small towns.i had a few fun years where i had friends and we hung out every day doing fun stuff but still never invited to anything and most people hated me but my parents were poor so i was not going on vacations or anything it was just us hanging out in this boring town. i came back home and it was just a culture shock from hell i walked outside today and it was friday night but everything was pitch black, empty, everything was closed even the bar and it was just totally dead and i could not even see. when i was in the city i could walk outside and just have crowds and trains that go to the beach and all over.i tried being as outgoing as possible since i got back. i messaged every single person i used to know off social media and everyone was just really cold either ignoring me same as always , i walked around for hours and went places to eat and hung out there, i tried going to the shitty bar but its all shut down for covid for some reason. i cannot even think of a single way to make friends out here i do not have a car and its just like one or two small shops and a small park.even when i lived in the big city i did not make any friends. people were friendlier but i just feel so defeated from living here for so long and i have no friends anywhere or anything i have just been doing stuff completely alone for years, and i got so depressed i just did nothing but drink and smoke weed every day until i passed out and i can barely get out of bed. it feels impossible to do anything without friends and i am not social enough to be able to just walk up to strangers and became friends i just want like 2 3 friends.even when i had friends they were always better at meeting and talking to people and they always had more friends than me and i could get the vibe off them that they can tell i am a loser with barely any friends or does anything. i really do not think i can take anymore loneliness i get suicidal thoughts daily and i get random thoughts where it would just be so much easier to just take one step off a rooftop then just grow old, be alone every day, miserable, having everyone know i am a loser. i already tried killing myself twice and i do tons of dumb shit hoping i diei could go on and on its so fucking bad i feel like i lost my life to my town and i have no friends and i want to kill myself
the title of this post says it all. this is my only account on reddit. i am not here to socialize or anything. just here to put my story down and try to summon the courage to end this shit existence. i am 55 y o. never had a girlfriend worth speaking of my longest 'relationship' was perhaps 2 weeks, and that was what you would call 'long distance.' i just finished a master's degree program in library science, and now have 120k in debt. i also just had open heart surgery, from which i am recovering. i have no friends. i have someone in my life who pitied me enough to give me a place to stay during my first ten days of recovery, as it seems the doctors insisted that i not be alone. i have been alone since my father died nearly ten years ago. i have no siblings or family. maybe 1 cousin who might give enough of a shit to she would a tear when they find out i have checked out of this mad house asylum they call the world. i have no children, obviously. i do not have any one who would miss me. i cannot remember the last time one of my friends called. i have tried to reach out, but everyone has their own lives, and not much time to spend on old friends. i do not tell anyone or let on that i want to die. i am not big into drama. the hospital asks their routin questions, but i always deny any sucidal thoughts, as i am not going to let them institutionalize me or put me on some list where i cannot get the firearm that will get me out of this hell. so i sit and i think about this every day. i should have not even bothered to call the fucking ambulance when i started to have angina pains. the result was an emergency bypass. i wish i would have died on that fucking table. it would have been painless. now i am stuck with this shit and no prospects of a job. i have not even had a job in nearly 2 decades. i am looking at exit bags, but that seems like a lot of work. i think i am just going to get a sleeping bag and a gun. the sleeping bag will at least make clean up easy for the landlady, who seems nice enough. there is no fucking point to any of this, and i have finally realized that i have to do it. i am going to set things in motion since there is a 2 week waiting period for the gun. kind of sucks that i have to wait two weeks. i hope my resolve does not waiver. there is nothing left for me at this point. do not look at me as an example to emulate. my life is shit and i clung to hope in the face of hopelessness. you each have to decide your own fate. i have hopefully decided mine. peace. 55 y o male. no friends, no family, recovering from triple bypass. probably going to be checking out voluntarily soon.
i am really ashamed of writing this, but regardless of what i do the sorrow does not go away.i am confused as to whether it is the physical pain making me suicidal or it is the mind making my body sick.i do not think i really mean it, i cannot hurt others like that, but the thought of being alive another 20 or 30 years terrifies me. this comes from a person who did not protest when they told me the vaccine would be given to me in 3 months, so idk. it is just thought of self hatred. i could get the best job, have a lovely family but still feel like this inside. i do not want anyone to get attached to someone like me, it would eat them alive, or i would when it gets bad. i know i am being dramatic, i have nothing to complain about from the outside, i just do not want to be with myself anymore. cannot i just break up from my mind?the other day i thought it would be nice if someone could lobotomize me or something.i just really do not want any of this, i lost sight at the end of the tunnel. since i am here i am going to write it all.the first time it happened, to have such thoughts, i was 9, i remember my mum being stressed and mean to me while being lovely to my best friend, i thought i should just take the kitchen knife and stab myself. i do not know what is this thing for stabs, i guess bleeding out seems better than not breathing to me.then it became a i do not want to exist kind of thing. then it was i wish i was dead . but now i am really struggling to contain it, i am imagining full scenarios where some stranger on the street comes and stabs me to death, or a bus hits me. this sort of thing, i think it would be easier to process for others if someone else did it, they would not have to feel sad about it.i am not thinking about it i swear, but what if this keeps growing? i am afraid of getting locked somewhere. i am not that bad, i am good. i can fake it some more. when i distract myself it is ok until it seems fake. all my personality seems fake when i am around people. i am so ashamed of this thoughts, i cannot fanthom tell someone. at the same time it is ok, maybe it will pass. i am really ashamed but it is what is happening in my head, and i am tired of trying to fit some standard of what i should be doing in life to feel happy. done that, tried that, i just got extreme anxiety from it, not happiness.they say it comes from within, i feel my within rotting. and this is not even me being sad. i just despise myself, i am fucking lucky, i got a pretty face, i am white, i have a roof over my head. but living is so hard, people are so difficult, i am tired. wishing someone else did it for me
i have wanted to share my problems since forever but never was brave enough. after scrolling reddit for so long, i decided i will share my story with you. this is quite long, and i want to cover everything...so, my mental problems started when i was 7 years old. in my life i never had a close friend or a family member mostly because i am the oldest who i can talk to or even spend time with. i was distanced in a village, far away from the town i was going to school. so my loneliness started in my early age.whenever i was alone i would overthink what is the point of this, why do we live, what happens after death, and so on... that made me really paranoid and serious person.it is good to say that my parents were always good to me and i never had a problem with them. we were not poor nor rich, we were just an average family.i will skip my primary school because in there nothing really happened.when i started going in high school, i distanced from people way more. i was spending most of my time sitting in front of my computer, alone. at some point i started getting scared of people and interactions with them. alongside with social anxiety i started overthinking even more. that part of my life was the worst, it was rainy for almost 2 weeks and i was getting depressed more and more. also in that period my cat died which led me to suicidal thoughts. time passes and i was in the same condition.after some time my parents asked me why do i not go out with someone or at least go outside. i would always tell them that i am feeling good here alone and that i do not want to change anything which is true, i really do not . time passes and they were getting more concerned about me and my mental state. out of nowhere, my dad told me he called a psychologist. i was very angry about that, but i did not have a choice. after 2 arrivals psychologist told me i am completely fine and that i just need to get a friend.now this part of story gets really weird even for me, because i do not know what i was thinking at that time.so out of nowhere i just started to get emotional over anything. for example, getting ridiculed idk if this is the word on really hurt me, which never happened before. after a long speech with my parents, i told them that i do not want them to decide my life and leave me alone. they accepted that.after this long period i started having headaches, was eating not even 2 meals daily, and could not sleep. this is still going on and it is getting worse. i would like you to give me some advice, and to hear your story if it is similar. i am feeling really low recently, and i would like to get your help
this is a long story. last august i ran away from my home. i did this because of a few reasons. the first was because i had been messing around with about 20 girls from all over the world and making them think that they were the only ones. my parents found out and were understandably angry. over the course of the next week, i was miserable because i had to deal with the ramifications of it. finally, i snapped at my dad, and he snapped at me. it ended with me on the floor and his punching me. that night i packed a bag and ran away from everything, my family, my problems, and just my life. over the next 24 hours, i had spent 525 to get up north where a friend was living. when i got there, he, and few of his friends, and i went out for a bit and we ended up getting pulled over. the cop smelled weed in the car and took our names. he registered my name and saw i was a missing person, and brought me back to the station and called my parents. forcing me to go back, they took every device i had and cut me off from the rest of the world. i had not been able to talk to my friend since, nor have i gone to my old school since. when i got back, they sent me to live with some close friends in the country. while i was there, i was absolutely miserable. i had no friends, no family, and no phone either. i also could run because i had nowhere to run to. i stayed there from september till december before they decided to move to hawaii. because of this, i had to move back. since i have been home i have had no friends, no devices besides an old computer, and no money because i have to pay off some things to my parents. i feel lonely, and like i am trapped. the sad part is that i felt my happiest when i was on the run because i did not have any expectations of myself. i could be whoever i wanted to be. now in july, nearly a full year since, and i am the most depressed i have ever been. i have no freedom. i get what i did was bad, but i was also a stupid 16 year old kid who wanted attention and love. i was not a popular kid, and i never had any close friends except for the one that i was going to live with, but i do not have a way to talk to him anymore. i cannot call suicide prevention because i do not have a phone, and i cannot talk to a close friend because i do not have any. i cannot talk to my parents because they will say it is because of the choices i have made. i am just so tired and lonely. i am just so done with life. i do not know if this is a cry for help or my last words. i am laying in my room with a ring of knives around me. i do not know what to do anymore. i do not know what to do anymore
i feel like i am losing my mind now.i have been struggling with my mental health for almost six years now and have been having intense and recurring suicidal thoughts for 2 years.i am the only child of a single mother and me killing myself would absolutely ruin her, to say the least.last year i did two months of therapy, because two months was really all my mum could afford.i have become so good at pretending to be fine that sometimes i think that i am lying to myself about being unstable. it makes me feel crazy.i live in a third world country where its illegal to try to commit suicide and where no one really gives a shit about mental health.the fact that i manage to do well in school and am ambitious while simultaneously constantly contemplating suicide would not make sense to those around me it does not even make sense to myself.i tried to kill myself last year during quarantine, did not work, obviously.i spent most of my time in therapy sorting through the damage left from my deadbeat father.academic pressure is really high right now because i sit for my final exams in two semesters sounds like a while but its really not considering the amount of work ill be having and revision ill be doing .i cannot even begin to imagine how ill cope with the stress once i go back to school in september i go to boarding school btw .i cannot do this anymore. i have tried so hard, god i have tried so so hard. i feel so afraid, so alone. i have nothing to hold onto anymore not god, not the hope of a better future, not the love i have for my mother. the thing is, i have been in this dark place before more times than i can count. i never fail to relapse its like a broken record, when you think the song is finally over, it plays again. and again. and again. i am supposed to start an internship at a media house on thursday. i wrote my application while i was still in school, and told myself that i was going to be dead by the time i was supposed to start it. here i am. a day to go. ready to start my internship, ready to die.imagine being very deep underwater and trying to get to the surface. you say ill hold my breath a little longer, i am almost there you imagine being able to breathe again, you cannot remember the last time you felt air come into you lungs. you keep swimming. just a little longer, just a little longer until your arms get tired, and you feel yourself sinking, and the surface, the longed for air, becomes further and further out of your reach. the voices above the water go, keep swimming! you have to keep swimming! they do not know that you are drowning breathing in water. losing it
i came onto this subreddit so long ago, and here i am again. i am about to be a second year undergraduate student, currently taking summer classes, and i am practically failing. in my fall and winter semesters, i did great, 3.93 gpa and was planning on focusing solely on my organic chemistry classes throughout the summer. but before summer classes began, i took a job working in a hospital, since i am hoping to apply to med school and be a doctor at the end of my undergrad. the job was a 3 day a week, 12 hour night shift, and it fucked with my grades so hard. my job began at the same exact time as i started organic chemistry 1, and needless to say, i did horrible. my first exam, i got a 40 , and it only got worse from there. the class is known to be hard and the grading scale is generous, but i did so bad, and barely had the time to learn any concepts. i got home from work so exhausted that i did not want to do any studying, just sleep. i decided to quit my job before organic chemistry 2 started, and while i am glad i am no longer at the job, a problem that i did not foresee is currently happening. i really did not learn that much in organic chemistry 1, and organic chemistry 2 thrives on info from that class. i feel so lost in the class right now, and we have an exam on monday. i have been studying the past 2 days and so far, i feel like i have not learned a fucking thing. there is so much that i should already be expected to know, but i do not because of how poorly i did in ochem 1. like i am so angry at myself, and i am going to do even worse this time around. i feel so stupid, and its actually important that i do well in these science classes. i get so demotivated whenever i join the online lectures because i never feel like i am understanding a thing that they are saying. there is so many vocabularic terms that i have never heard of because i barely got through the ochem 1. i am so sad about this whole situation, and colleges are going to see how much i struggled. i have already been so sure that i am not going to get into med school, but this is just making it worse. i have been studying for 2 hours and it is just been pure confusion. i am so upset right now, and i am seriously considering s . i know you are going to think that this is a stupid reason to consider such an act, but in a household that prioritizes grades over everything, with 3 successful sisters who are making so much money as dentists, i feel like i will never amount to anything as close to them. and they expect me to be even better than them. i feel so stupid, so lazy, and so good for nothing. scared
the older i get the more i keep panicking because i am supposed to be an adult soon. everything about my life has been a living hell since about 10 or 11 years old. school is absolutely awful. i am so disorganized. i cannot socialize. i cannot make friends. i cannot even do basic tasks like asking teachers for help when i need it. this is my last year of highschool. and then what? i am supposed to get a job? how do i even know anyone will hire me? how do i know i will be able to keep a job without getting burnt out a month in and then completely losing what little ability i had to function in the first place? i am in summer school right now and cannot even do that. i wish someone could understand me, but not even my own parents do research on what autism is. they still think i am some moody rebellious teenager despite having an official diagnosis. i am constantly yelled at even though this is the best i can do. i am in summer school right now and still struggling just as bad as i do in regular school. i still struggle to shower or keep my room clean. i cannot stay on a good schedule. i just keep getting overwhelmed. everyone keeps telling me i am depressed but i do not even think that is the case. i do fine when i am not in school. i am so much happier. but i can hardly handle school and soon i am going to be an adult with adult responsibilities and apparently childhood is the best part of your life? it is all downhill from here? what is the point of living then? and that is neverminding that now i will probably just be a bigger burden to my parents than i already am. i will probably never be able to hold down a job for long enough and any form of college is practically out of the question if i am this bad at normal school. i do not want to be a burden. sometimes i tell myself when i am 18 i will just legally run away where i cannot bother anyone anymore. my dream would be to spend like a month free of responsibilities to just actually enjoy life for once in my life and once that is all over and i am out of money to travel or for food i just find some easy way to kill myself.the rates of suicide and suicide attempts for people with autism is like anywhere from 3 to 10 times higher than the general population. with good reason, it seems. what is the point of living with autism if life just sucks so bad? sorry i am not a super smart genius or a musical prodigy or going to be the next autistic person to find a cure for cancer. not all of us are the way autistic people get portrayed in the movies. i do not see the point of living with autism. i am 16, almost 17.
the older i get the more i keep panicking because i am supposed to be an adult soon. everything about my life has been a living hell since about 10 or 11 years old. school is absolutely awful. i am so disorganized. i cannot socialize. i cannot make friends. i cannot even do basic tasks like asking teachers for help when i need it. this is my last year of highschool. and then what? i am supposed to get a job? how do i even know anyone will hire me? how do i know i will be able to keep a job without getting burnt out a month in and then completely losing what little ability i had to function in the first place? i am in summer school right now and cannot even do that. i wish someone could understand me, but not even my own parents do research on what autism is. they still think i am some moody rebellious teenager despite having an official diagnosis. i am constantly yelled at even though this is the best i can do. i am in summer school right now and still struggling just as bad as i do in regular school. i still struggle to shower or keep my room clean. i cannot stay on a good schedule. i just keep getting overwhelmed. everyone keeps telling me i am depressed but i do not even think that is the case. i do fine when i am not in school. i am so much happier. but i can hardly handle school and soon i am going to be an adult with adult responsibilities and apparently childhood is the best part of your life? it is all downhill from here? what is the point of living then? and that is neverminding that now i will probably just be a bigger burden to my parents than i already am. i will probably never be able to hold down a job for long enough and any form of college is practically out of the question if i am this bad at normal school. i do not want to be a burden. sometimes i tell myself when i am 18 i will just legally run away where i cannot bother anyone anymore. my dream would be to spend like a month free of responsibilities to just actually enjoy life for once in my life and once that is all over and i am out of money to travel or for food i just find some easy way to kill myself.the rates of suicide and suicide attempts for people with autism is like anywhere from 3 to 10 times higher than the general population. with good reason, it seems. what is the point of living with autism if life just sucks so bad? sorry i am not a super smart genius or a musical prodigy or going to be the next autistic person to find a cure for cancer. not all of us are the way autistic people get portrayed in the movies. i do not see the point of living with autism. i am 16, almost 17.
i owed the irs 100. from 2011 and they billed me for 900., i said go fuck yourself, but eventually when i had a return they just took it. i do not make much money, best year ever was 32,000. but normal ly 24,00 or a little better, and my return was about 50. most years which they took. i still owed a bunch when stimulus went out, but i never got a stimulus check for whatever reason so i was able to to put that in my tax filing and get it that way a year late but they took 1,200 of the 1,600. i needed a car, but now i am just stuck waiting for my 13 year old car to die tranny is slipping, and the motor is sounding strange so i can hitchhike the 13 miles to work. good times. in total, that 100. cost me almost 2,000. after their penalties, ect. got laid off 2 years ago causing me to default on 2 credit accounts, got sued and had a garnishment on 1 so far for a year that had me at times having to choose between food or gas to get to work. i bought gas, that was the best money year on paper because i begged for overtime to somewhat offset the garnishment so i did not become homeless or starve. another garnishment is coming soon, i do not know if i can survive another one. i have never been so depressed before, have completely isolated myself from everyone , not sure i am going to make it to 58 years old. i am a simple guy living a very basic life. no tv, no extras, internet is my one extravagance. i have been continuously employed for the last 15 years with only small gaps before that. i am an 8th grade educated failure of an adult. that is my experience as a white man in america. i am not suicidal despite the depression, i have a grown daughter and i could never because her that kind of pain, but there have been times that i thought an accidental death, or death by illness would be a blessing. i am tired of this life. i have no solution to my life. is not it ironic that i cannot afford to file for bankruptcy? i gave notice and am changing jobs and upending my work of the last 9 years just to get 1 more dollar an hour because no raise this year even though i worked through the pandemic when 2 3 of the shop left. 2 of us kept a 7 man operation going for months before people started trickling back in. they made a lot more money on unemployment than i did working. i have only ever had 1 unemployment check in my life and i was working another job when it arrived. i am sorry this is so long, it feels good to get some of this off my chest, i do not have anyone i can tell this to, nobody else knows, i am too ashamed to speak of it to anyone. my story of the last decade.
everyone keeps telling me life's just given you a few bad hands. it is not a few, i reply. every hand. never once have i succeeded in life. i have learned well that you can do everything right, work hard, give everything you can give, and still lose.my parents finally kicked me out. it was on my birthday.they never liked me. my mother said she wished she did not care about me, i am too much of a burden, too much of a failure.i found her old journals, once. found the pages where she mentioned me. she did not want me, even before i was born. she was willing to give me up, tried to, even. she took pills known to because severely premature amp stillbirths.she would never cared for me, despite what she would scream at me when i was thirteen.i still wore skirts at that age. i still did my makeup the way she told me i should. i still was never as pretty as my older sister at that age.i came out as trans to my family a few years ago. they all lamented my failure. it was because i had not found a good husband. there was no strong man in my life to put me in my place. i was never a good daughter. i was never a wanted daughter. i was even less a wanted son. it is a bad hand this round, they will come to in time. my therapist would say. what if they do not? i ask. give them time. they are your family, and they love you. what if they do not love me? what if they do not. what if they do not. they kicked me out on my birthday.i did not say goodbye. they are indifferent. i earned this. failure of a daughter, burden of a son , unwanted amp certainly never loved in a way i understood.i pack up my car with what fragile, lofty hopes i had of getting back on my feet. they will be rattled away to dust by the bumps of the road.alone amp angry. my nose is bloody amp my head aches. as i am driving i can see the scars on my left arm where i tore it open in grief.i had fought so hard to overcome that. i had not relapsed, not once. all that, for what? for this?i have not eaten. i wonder if it is possible to transfer what money i have left to my lover. she could do something more with it, make a better life for herself. it could be a last little love note, from me. i remember, i promised to write her paper letters that had my cologne on them.a friend tries to be lighthearted and optimistic. he thinks everything will be fine. chin up! it is just a bad hand. how many times have i heard that. you know, i say, the definition of insanity... is doing the same thing over and over, but expecting a different result. i think it is long past time i leave the card table. i fold. bad hand.
to preface, i will not ever do anything, so do not worry, but good god if i am not having dark thoughts all the time. have not been able to keep food down for months. used to drink a lot of hard liquor during the pandemic and had increasing difficulty keeping the alcohol down. eventually something snapped and i have not been able to handle pretty much any food or alcohol very well. i vomit almost every day. the doctors are not sure what specifically is causing it. i have had all sorts of diagnostics and red herrings, but treatment has not led to any improvement. i go to university in an eastern bloc country where everything is dubbed. while i was in the us, i figured id see a movie while i still could watch something in the original language. i waited so long for this film to come to the united states and was so excited to go see it. but, i was dumb and had a bit of lunch before the movie, and 45 minutes into it, i could feel the nausea creeping up to an unbearable level. i tried to hold it as long as i could, but i ended up sobbing and vomiting into my cup.financials are really putting me on edge too. i am behind schedule on the bit of software i have been working on. i need to buy new glasses they are held together with tape right now, but when i look at the prices, i just cannot justify it right now. i am burning through savings so quickly. i need to renew my visa as well, pay tuition, book my flights, etc.i want to get a pizza tonight to relieve some of the stress, but i know i am just going t beat myself up over the cost.i am in a bit of a ldr being in the us and my girlfriend has all sorts of medical stuff to work out relating to her transition, so i am on her sleep schedule right now. have not seen the sun in weeks and as she gets more distant, the fewer people i have to talk to during my day.speaking of my girlfriend, we have not been sexual more than a couple of times during the past 6 months. we do not send each other any videos, we do not use the sex toys i had gotten us one of them is still in shrink wrap! , we do not sext, we do not watch any porn together, and we never talk about our fantasies. making it extra hard, every time we have looked at porn, she exclusively gravitates towards women. i have never once seen her looking at men. she was propositioned by a woman recently and admitted that she had fantasies about saying yes, but seemingly never has any fantasies about me.i feel so physically unwanted, unattractive, and unsatisfied.i feel like my life is slowly collapsing. alcohol abuse has made it so hard to make it through the day
because of my anxiety and depression? i live in constant fear and sadness. i am so afraid especially with everything related to my 2 year old son. i fear that i cannot control myself when he makes me angry, i will hurt him and traumatize him for life, just like i have been hurt and traumatized in the past by my own parents.i fear that when he accidentally hurts himself, i cannot help. when he was a baby, he almost choked on his food and i froze completely. thankfully his mother did not freeze. that incident haunts me every day. it makes me so sad that my little boy had bad luck in life and he was born with me as his dad. he deserves better. my wife deserves better. i deserve better. because of my anxiety i cannot even drive a car and every social contact scares me shitless. i do not have any friends and i try to avoid social contacts as much as i can, that includes all my relatives too. as a man i am a complete failure. i cannot fix anything, i am not socially competent, i am poor, uneducated, a bad father and a lousy husband. complete and utter loser and a total failure. i am too coward to seek or ask any help and no one knows how i feel. everyone thinks that i am just a cold hearted asshole, but that is so far from the truth. it hurts me so much that i cannot show my loved ones how much i truly love them. only times my life is somewhat tolerable is when i am alone, but i cannot be alone all the time because i have to work and take care of my family as best as i can. when i am alone at least i can cry freely. i feel completely exhausted all the time and no amount of sleep fixes that. my heart feels like it will come out of my chest, i feel like i am suffocating and i feel like that i am about to faint. my mind is dull, like i am in somekind of fog. i do not feel any joy, just sadness and apathy. i do not have energy to play with my son or treat my wife with the affection she deserves. every time i am alone with my son i am so afraid that i almost cry, and when he is especially difficult i sometimes just cannot help myself and i openly cry and yell to him. i am such a piece of shit and he deserves better. i know that killing myself will hurt my loved ones, but i just do not care anymore. it will be better for them in the long run. i do not want to ruin my son's life anymore. his life will be better without a mentally unstable parent. my life would have been too. i just do not want to be always afraid, unhappy and exhausted anymore. i tried my best, but i just do not have the strenght to live anymore. i just do not have the strenght to live anymore
i have pretty much no good features, realistically no one should want to be friends with me and definitely no woman would want a romantic relationship with me. i am so trash i basically missed out on my youth. i am so far behind everyone and i am so inferior to everyone.i am ugly, i am short, i have a small dick, i am incompetent, a coward, i basically suck the life out of a room. there really is not a reason to live. it is not like i am a good person, or i add something to the world. i really should not have been born. it is such a shame my loving parents ended up with me. i really, i really am garbage. i am pathetic, whiny, incompetent trash. it would be a service if i kill myself, just not for my parents.even if i had some semblance of a personality or charisma. i can never escape the joke that is my body. my body is small in all ways and unwanted in all ways. it is something others would mock and make fun off. it is not something good looking or desirable. it is also weak and always will be weak compared to pretty much every other guy standing at you only 5ft. i mean i shop in the kids section. what woman wants someone like that, plus i can never have a normal sex life. the only sexual related content is that where someone with my body would be humiliated. that is all i am good for. i cannot ever be a normal man physically i am a joke there is always a better option. my mind is just as garbage i am not smart or competent, i am a coward, socially anxious, depressed, a pathetic sad sack, stupid. i have no discipline, no perseverance. i should have never been born. honestly i should just end it and be at peace. the only problems are my parents. however, if they are gone what is really stopping me. i am an only child, so only some aunts, uncles and some cousins. while they might be sad because of some youth nostalgia. it will be brief and they will get over it. besides having me as a cousin or nephew must be horrible and shameful. i am not a person who is good at socializing. i am not a person others want to be around. every bad quality, i probably have it. i do not see my life getting better. i do not see myself as competent. even if i manage to become somewhat competent or successful, i am always going to be a joke, i will not ever be enough. from my body to inexperience. i will always be a boy until i am an old man, well why bother, why not skip the last part.i really hate that this is bothering me, i hate that it is always on my mind. i really cannot wait to just sleep. i really hate myself from body to mind, i really am worthless.
it is crazy to think how many people undervalue the significance of a family that genuinely cares and looks after them. a father that is not a selfish psychopathic lunatic, a brother that is not a delusional sociopathic prick or a mother that is an irrationally fragile creature. imagine being stuck in the same house for almost 18 years with nowhere to go, no freedom, no rights, no dignity, no respect, no nothing. no friends to hang out with, no relatives to call on, no girlfriends to talk to. i have been subjected to physical, mental and emotional torture and abuse from a very early age both at home and school. every waking moment of my life is nothing but filled with despair, sorrow and guilt. misfortune after misfortune, failure at every waking step. if that was not enough i also suffer from extreme emotional trauma, ptsd, depression, anxiety disorder....the list goes on. i cannot even put into scale the level of emotional breakdown i endured as an 11 year old all the way through now, all of those years and i never had a therapist or counsellor. you are probably wondering why i never called one. well the thing is i just cannot and the reason for that is because my father happens to be the cheapest mf on this planet. this guy does not spend any money on anything whatsoever rather then buying groceries and essential home restorations or articles. he saves each and every penny just for his pension, that is all he cares about. i cannot even report for abuse or neglect since he is extremely manipulative and a drama queen. he would simply spin the narrative around to blame the whole thing on me backed by my brother and mother. why would anyone even believe me since i am only a kid. i cannot go anywhere, i cannot do anything there is no one to help me. there is just hopelessness and self loathing from the moment i rise in the morning to the moment i retire to bed, the same cycle, the same shit. every day, every week, every month nothing changes. i cannot even fathom how i have not gone insane after all this shit. there was so much i wanted to do in life, discover and explore, find a meaning or purpose, get married, have kids, maybe even do some volunteer work. it is all in vain now, everything's a waste. nevertheless it does not matter anyway, i am not looking for some sympathy or consolation or anything, that phase has already passed out ages ago. anyway.... thanks for reading my post, i am really glad you took the time to come all the way down here, it is probably the most someone has ever done for me. keep thriving... a life well lived
i do not know whether or not i truly deep down want to die but i feel like i need and have to. i just want to be a good person. i am so stuck in this victim mentality from the shit i have been through that i destroyed the most important person to me for 5 years straight who gave me so many chances not to fuck it up and then even more chances when i ended up fucking up anyways. i have said and done horrible things that still stay with this person and each episode i have makes it worse and worse. i ruined my last chance at being involved in their life with my carelessness. i cannot stop thinking about it and throwing up and getting pains in my chest here i am being the victim again when it should not even be about me and i literally feel like i have no choice but to end my life. its what i deserve. i do not know why i tried to convince myself my bpd was magically cured or something. what the fuck is wrong with me? how did i actually think i had it under control? what the fuck is the point of being here when there is only one person alive who truly, completely cared about me and its my fault that hes gone forever? how did i convince myself he did not care just because he left me? i fucking destroyed him while believing i was the victim the whole time. i feel like i owe it to him to hurt myself and suffer like hes had to suffer emotionally and mentally because of me. i basically managed to punish him emotionally for loving me when no one else has or will. i cannot live like this and i do not deserve to live at all. i do not know what to do but i know that if i kill myself the world will go on. i cannot live with it. i deserve to feel his pain. i do not deserve to live or be happy with myself. how have i not understood how disgustingly predictable i am? i need to die and i do not feel like its an option not to anymore. but my family deserves better than to have to find my body. i do not know what i am going to do but i need to do it soon before i start feeling sorry for myself again. i am truly worthless and undeserving of the love he gave me. i am a waste of time, money, and mental, physical amp emotional energy. i am truly the monster i so vehemently try to convince myself that i am not. i need help or to not exist anymore. i am seriously worried that ill do something to myself tonight but i also know i deserve it. i just want to be unconscious right now.hang in there everyone and please stay strong for yourselves amp others so you do not end up hurting them like me. s deserving to die amp feel at least some of the pain that i caused
my parents got divorced a couple of years ago and it was not that big of a deal for me, up until now. my mom has become a complete control freak and does not care about me anymore. she is always sick and is in and out of the hospital weekly. i am always getting grounded for things that are not related to me at all and i am constantly being yelled at. i feel like i am constantly being tossed back and forth between my parents, both sides arguing to eachother all the timemy dad and siblings are my only saving grace. if i did not have them in my life, i guarantee you id be dead. we go to his house bi weekly and i feel like the only time i can ever be happy is when i am there. it hurts, because if i knew my mom found out, it would hurt her feelings.my siblings are little assholes like any eldest sibling would say lol but i really love them. i feel like they the only people i can talk to without being judged.i feel like i am growing up too fast. i feel like i am being forced to be an adult when i cannot even legally drive a car yet. my mom has a huge play in this, because she usually cannot cook so i have to make dinner for my siblings every day. i love cooking so i am not complaining, but i wish my mom would stop forcing her responsibilities onto me.the only reason i have not even it all yet is because i know it would because suffering for those around me. i have attempted to reach out and ask for help but nothing ever happens. i have had multiple therapists and feel like my mental state has just gotten worse overtime.i feel like a burden to everyone around me. my dad is a single father so he is always doing his best but i feel like if i killed myself my brother and sister would be a lot happiermy dad is always battling my mom for custody and since hes a single father nothing ever comes out of it. i have provided evidence of my mom abusing my siblings and the court always favours her because she is a single mother.the police show up to my dads house weekly because my mom always calls them on me when i am babysitting my brother. i basically know the cop and he knows that i am fine. its one of the reasons i do not trust my mom at all. my mom has stolen my phone in my sleep and deleted all of my social media and games, and blocks all of my contacts so i cannot reach out to anyone.i just want a happy life for my siblings. i think about killing myself all the time but i know if i did it would just be harder on them.sorry for the long paragraph, i just wanted to vent a little bit. i wrote more than i thought i did i cannot take this anymore
wendy orlean said that taking your own life is a fundamental right that anyone in a free society should have. ever since i have read that it has been stuck with me. i do not think i am depressed. i am 17 and have thought about taking my own life for a while strangely not in a depressing way but a calming one. it brings me peace to know that i can leave this world whenever i want. i have attempted suicide. failing it was the most embarrassing thing. i was certain i would be gone forever, so waking up in the hospital shocked me with nothing but hopelessness. i was not happy to be alive like those who regretted their suicide attempts were. why? humanity has really failed me. at 6 years old i was molested by this family friend, he would have been in his 20s. this continued till i was 12, so for 6 years i was molested and it is the only memories i have from early childhood. he would pin me down on the bed, lock the door, cover my mouth when i screamed, bruise me. my mum knew but she let it happen. do not worry i already gave the police my statement early this year . she would tell me it was because i wore shorts. she would say he was just playing with me. she would warn me not to go upstairs alone but i did not understand why and so when i did she made me feel it was my fault. i was 10 then. he has a child now. i know, but i told the police at least? i feel abnormal . like i am less human, out of touch with everyone else. no one took my trauma seriously when i told friends. you are being dramatic, you sound jealous, not everything is about your problems. confirming my abnormal ness. i have gotten help, anti depressants, therapy, turning to the big guy, and the law of attraction. grades, art, music, books, movies, boyfriends. they have been a good distraction but i have really had enough. i want to leave this world. i just want to rest in peace. so...help? how do i tell my friends in a non scary way that i have decided i want an out on this world? that it is something i have thought about ever since i was 12. that this decision is very clear in my mind. i know i am young and i have not experienced the world, like travelling and all that adult stuff but i do not want that. i want to disappear from earth. i am planning to do it in a few months when high school finishes and everyone has taken their exams. maybe the holiday after high school finishes so no one from school knows? i have no social media, i am pretty much invisible . i am aware of how selfish i am sound and i apologise. it took a lot of being selfless to get to this. help?
i open my eyes. 7 45 am. it is time to get up. i wash my hands. i wash my face. i am hungry. the fridge is full of spider web. the wind is blowing in there. there is a pile of bills on the table. i hear a quarrel. it is my mother, talking on the phone. i listen closely. it seems my father has no intent on paying the alimony. my mother cannot work health issues. we will not be able to make ends meet. i need to consume my scholarship again. i will call the dentist at 9 to quit my appointment. classic.i open my eyes. the online university is about to go down. here comes the autumn. i need to keep my grades up at the top. i will lose my scholarship and my dorm otherwise. it is already life draining, but not enough. i need to start looking for a job. there is no other way i will survive moving out of my town.i open my eyes. there is a mirror. i am naked. i can see the acne dominating my face, my body. there is no panicking and no stress into getting rid of it. the scars and deformities already took everything. is that peyronie's disease? what about my broken tooth? oh no, anyways. i open my eyes. i got one message. it is one of my colleagues. a differential equation is not working out. the dopamine is rising up in my brain. i am being needed. my existence matters for a moment. i am never wanted, so this is the best i can get. i solved it. she thanked me. i am no longer needed. i am now lonely. i open my eyes. i am a man. i can only like other men. i am an abomination for my family , for my friends , for my colleagues, for my country, probably for the reader. i am protected tho. there is a wall between me and their hatred my ability to hinder. is it actually an ability? the idea of a partner is more than unrealistic. looks do not matter, but no one wants a beast outside a tale. personality is more important, but what is it expected for someone who grew chained up. i open my eyes. it is completely dark. i am about to go to sleep. that will not happen soon. i am thinking. i am about to finish college. i am about to break the poverty chain. my career is the only thing that went right in my life. will i be able to start over? i am afraid. i do not want my last hope to let me down. i feel like i have lost too much in life. i feel like a second grader at nasa. one that is expected to learn everything just by hanging around. seems so easy for my scientist advisers, so hard for me. what about the thing about me that i cannot change? what if i will not be able to start over? damn, thanatophobia my savior and pain. the lament of a throwaway
wendy orlean said that taking your own life is a fundamental right that anyone in a free society should have. ever since i have read that it has been stuck with me. i do not think i am depressed. i am 17 and have thought about taking my own life for a while strangely not in a depressing way but a calming one. it brings me peace to know that i can leave this world whenever i want. i have attempted suicide. failing it was the most embarrassing thing. i was certain i would be gone forever, so waking up in the hospital shocked me with nothing but hopelessness. i was not happy to be alive like those who regretted their suicide attempts were. why? humanity has really failed me. at 6 years old i was molested by this family friend, he would have been in his 20s. this continued till i was 12, so for 6 years i was molested and it is the only memories i have from early childhood. he would pin me down on the bed, lock the door, cover my mouth when i screamed, bruise me. my mum knew but she let it happen. do not worry i already gave the police my statement early this year . she would tell me it was because i wore shorts. she would say he was just playing with me. she would warn me not to go upstairs alone but i did not understand why and so when i did she made me feel it was my fault. i was 10 then. he has a child now. i know, but i told the police at least? i feel abnormal. like i am less human, out of touch with everyone else. no one took my trauma seriously when i told friends. you are being dramatic, you sound jealous, not everything is about your problems. confirming my abnormalness. i have gotten help, anti depressants, therapy, turning to the big guy, and the law of attraction. grades, art, music, books, movies, boyfriends. they have been a good distraction but i have really had enough. i want to leave this world. i just want to rest in peace. so...help? how do i tell my friends in a non scary way that i have decided i want an out on this world? that it is something i have thought about ever since i was 12. that this decision is very clear in my mind. i know i am young and i have not experienced the world, like travelling and all that adult stuff but i do not want that. i want to disappear from earth. i am planning to do it in a few months when high school finishes and everyone has taken their exams. maybe the holiday after high school finishes so no one from school knows? i have no social media, i am pretty much invisible . i am aware of how selfish i am sound and i apologise. it took a lot of being selfless to get to this. help?
there is a old arabic saying that goes like this you want to kill yourself? throw yourself into the sea and watch yourself fight for survival. you do not want to kill yourself, you want to kill something within you. i have been suicidal and depressed on the latter part of my teenage years. even now i feel depressed from time to time, we all do i think. but i want to flip the common thought of depression on its head, just to look at it from another perspective. i am not denying that suicidal thoughts and depression has neurological base but i am not going to talk about brain structure and all that stuff. i think you can deal with depression here and now.people who are depressed and want to commit suicide are the ones that might love life too much. the universe is flowing through them at the speed so fast that they cannot handle. they are too full of ocean of life and have too much feels. what they really are seeking for when they want to commit suicide is to return home, to the source, to rejoice with the vast ocean that is life. they very much want to live and they want to live authentically.what they really want to kill is the ego, which fabricates the story of their life which they now realize is bizarrely illusionary. the idea one has to end ones life is actually a point of awakening. they want to wake up and they want to reach the bridge of life and get to the otherside, which could also mean death. death feels very certain and very real. life on the otherhand intangible and uncertain, it is always moving.i think this is why many people have had experiences of awakening right after coming out of the darkest hours. now when i feel sadness and negative emotions, i look them as an opportunity and an invitation to change the current narrative of my life that is not working out for me, or to delete it completely.i try to face my emotions head on, rather than suppress them, by metitation. i sit, eyes closed, hold my thoughts and emotions like a baby. bathe yourself in your emotions. listen to them. listen to the underlying intelligence beneath the sadness because it is there for a reason. it is there to try to communicate something. it has to be heard. do not fight it. witness it, be friends with it, laugh with it. beacuse ultimately they are part of life and part of nature and part of you. if you cannot accept bad weathers like storms, hurricanes or earthquakes as part of nature, there is no reason why you should not perceive sadness under the same light.the storm can only pass if you let it come first. depression and suicide
so first off i am a piece of shit human being. i have never been in trouble or been in jail but i am not a good person. my family excommunicated me. i do not have any friends except one and he is unable to help me. i fucked off my twenties 33 now did not apply myself dripped out of college at 26 27. lived with my dad till he passed in jan 2019. he was my best friend confidant would call him everyday if i was out of town for work. a week after he died i was fired. so i took my dog suka, sold everything i could and went out on the road. ended up in oregon. while surrounded by natural beauty and people who genuinely wanted to know me i just could not as i was in another dimension emotionally. asjed for help form my godmother in arkansas. that was a mistake. was literally asked by her a social worker btw if i was a retarded.... so because i have fucked over my family so many times nobody believes that i want working on to be better. back on the road.ended up in tulsa. worked at a call center. call center helps me get a place. pandemic happens. stuck in apartment being yelled at by people on a constant basis. i quit my job. lose apartment. asked for help from a cousin. cousin has a roommate with three other dogs. said roommate is a veteran. during a family get together with cousin in law coming back from deployment, the dogs get in a fight. veteran roommate tackles my dog old shepard husky mix and less than a month later i had to have him out down. so in the last two and half years i lost two of my best friends. i lost everything. i live out of my truck once again. i have reached out to people but it is been a no go from them. one of them is still thinking about it but it is most likely going to be a no. i keep being told that i am worthy of a happy life. but everytime i work towards that the rug is pulled. or i do something very stupid like quit a job. i am not worthy. the talents i thought i had have dried up. the relationships i thought i had have dried up. my patience has dried up. i am just screaming in a void. i do not have anywhere to go. i have nothing and i feel like nothing. no spouse no kids no dog no life. what am i doing here? i will not call the hotline. i do not want to be incarcerated. because i am already living in a self made prison. i just cannot do this anymore. i do not want to this anymore. there is no hope for me. right now i am just trying to decide between the revolver or the shotgun at this point. but i will probably do another self sabotage before it all ends. cannot do this anymore
at the beginning of last year i was employed, married, had great credit, had an apartment, a car, and a computer for entertainment. events that followed 1. my wife let the insurance lap on our car and i got ticketed after being crashed into.2. this happened right after i came out as trans. 3. wife could not and would not take me to physical therapy.4. out of work, because i have to be according to doctor and lawyer. 5. lawyer tell me i cannot move forward with lawsuit until i get medical bills and tests, which i cannot get to or pay for.6. wife aborts planned child because i am trans while out at work.7. my job fires me because i cannot come into work because wifes car is totalled and i was a driver8. in moment of distress and grief i try to kill myself.9. i got baker acted in the hospital and not allowed to have phone or connection to outside.10. while i am inside the hospital against my will for a month my wife refused to pay any of my bills, forfeited our apartment, threw away everything that i owned including multi thousand dollar computer and trashed my truck.11. wife withdrew all money from my bank accounts and police and bank say its legal because she had my pin.so, now i am homeless, transportationless, moneyless, clotheless and with no credit.it seems like everyone here would tell me that things will get better, i just need to sleep on a couch or at a homeless shelter and put inordinate amounts of effort into building my life back up to less than what i started with, even though i have a shit ton of mental health issues not being treated that make it nearly impossible to keep putting in effort.people will carelessly tell me to go get help at places that i cannot get to reliably, or tell me to do this or that, even though they do not have to do those things themselves.i cannot even reliably get a job because of my credit and lack of transportation in the usa.i am constantly in a loop of being at my lowest and i need a fucking handout and i cannot even say that without people thinking i am greedy or entitled to money i did not earn, but i am also stuck not being able to earn any money. i do not have internet and i will not even have the phone i am typing this on soon.does anyone have any recommendations that will actually help me other than just telling me to keep going?i am really getting sick of being at such a low point and truly think of non existence as being so much better.i have no friends and no family. i am alone. i hate that society is hypocritical and careless about suicide prevention.
for background, i am 21 and have temporal lobe epilepsy, scarring in my hippocampus, generalized anxiety disorder, and major depressive disorder. because of that my memory is shit so i have to live with my mom so she can make sure i do not get further brain damage from another cluster of seizures and help with my doctors. my dad is an abusive narcissist manipulative asshole who just got completely out of the picture recently by canceling my health insurance that he did not have to pay a dime for even though i will prolly need brain surgery and that was the only string attached. and i cannot get over my dog who was stolen from me, and i loved him more than anything in the world, which kills me every day.i have cut myself in the past and i did so again a couple days ago, cutting down past the fat and into the muscle in my thigh. i was trying to kill myself but then decided to tell my mom so she would not have to find my dead body in a pool of blood. after a day she told me that i was trying to divert her attention to me essentially saying i am attention seeking so i lost it on her. i bandaged it up myself and it took forever to stop the bleeding, and i did it myself so i would not have to go to the hospital and be put into another mental health hospital, because the last one i went into had abusive and manipulative nurses and techs, and food so bad i saw a rat run across it, so i ate chips every day.i have 3 good siblings and my 1 and only friend who is like a brother to me, so i stick around because i do not want to hurt them. my sister had a girlfriend who hung herself in their bathroom and my sister now has ptsd, so i know the pain suicide causes, and i wish i did not. it feels like a double edged sword of me ending my own suffering and causing them pain, or them making me stick around and causing me pain.i wish i was not suffering and the world was tolerable, but this world is full of so much suffering and unfairness that it makes me feel like it will never be tolerable. i wish everyone would just hate me for no reason so i would not have to live with the guilt of knowing the pain it will because. i want to be able to cut an artery but every time i cut i wake up from that numbness and think about how it will because others pain, and i wish i could ignore that but i cannot.i could go on a bit more but i do not want to make you read a novel lol.to anyone that reads this, thank you. i do not know how much longer i can last, yet i stick around for others around me which is not fucking fair also long rant
hi everyone. i am here as a last resort kind of thing, i simply do not know where else to turn. i am thankful that this platform exists, i am not sure if anyone will even read this, but i have reached my capacity and i need help. to the average person you could think my life is pretty normal . i have a home, i have a car, i have a family who cares for me. but i am completely lost in life. i am 23, and when i graduated high school in 2016, i had no idea what to do with my life. my dad, who was my best friend and greatest ally, died unexpectedly of a heart attack in october of 2016. i was not only lost, i was devastated. still am. my family still is. anyways, i never thought i had the determination or courage to go to college, so i stayed at my restaurant job i had. i had been there for 6 years, then in may this year, i quit. no two weeks or anything. i was so tired of the same routine that happened there and the toxicity of the place, so i left. i have never thought of myself with any high regard. i do not think i am pretty, or smart, or fun. i have always seen myself as a burden on anyone who comes near me. this has proven to be true time and time again. i had a 3 year relationship with a man i love deeply, but he left me for someone else in november of 2020. he always told me i was crazy, needed help he could not provide, and so on. when that happened, i was fully convinced that i ws better off dead. i knew i did not want to be alone with my intrusive thoughts. but i kept on. kept working. kept trying. i met a few other men after that, all who further proved the fact that i am not worthy of love. all left me. i am now unemployed with rent due at the end of the month. i have a roommate who is counting on me. i tried to make it work at another job, but it became clear after my first week that i was not in a healthy enough mental space to work there. all the friends i have are too busy with their significant others to lend me some help.i feel no hope for myself. this feels like the universe telling me that i am not needed here. i want to live. i want to feel the happiness that i know might be possible for me. but i have no clue how to get there. it feels like i have no guidance. my motivation is constantly outweighed by my doubts and anxiety. i just want to have a place in the world. any thoughts or tips would be greatly appreciated, and it just might save my life. i have no money, no guidance, and no idea. if you read this, i love you and thank you. please reach out. julia every day feels hopeless
hi everyone. i am here as a last resort kind of thing, i simply do not know where else to turn. i am thankful that this platform exists, i am not sure if anyone will even read this, but i have reached my capacity and i need help. to the average person you could think my life is pretty normal. i have a home, i have a car, i have a family who cares for me. but i am completely lost in life. i am 23, and when i graduated high school in 2016, i had no idea what to do with my life. my dad, who was my best friend and greatest ally, died unexpectedly of a heart attack in october of 2016. i was not only lost, i was devastated. still am. my family still is. anyways, i never thought i had the determination or courage to go to college, so i stayed at my restaurant job i had. i had been there for 6 years, then in may this year, i quit. no two weeks or anything. i was so tired of the same routine that happened there and the toxicity of the place, so i left. i have never thought of myself with any high regard. i do not think i am pretty, or smart, or fun. i have always seen myself as a burden on anyone who comes near me. this has proven to be true time and time again. i had a 3 year relationship with a man i love deeply, but he left me for someone else in november of 2020. he always told me i was crazy, needed help he could not provide, and so on. when that happened, i was fully convinced that i ws better off dead. i knew i did not want to be alone with my intrusive thoughts. but i kept on. kept working. kept trying. i met a few other men after that, all who further proved the fact that i am not worthy of love. all left me. i am now unemployed with rent due at the end of the month. i have a roommate who is counting on me. i tried to make it work at another job, but it became clear after my first week that i was not in a healthy enough mental space to work there. all the friends i have are too busy with their significant others to lend me some help.i feel no hope for myself. this feels like the universe telling me that i am not needed here. i want to live. i want to feel the happiness that i know might be possible for me. but i have no clue how to get there. it feels like i have no guidance. my motivation is constantly outweighed by my doubts and anxiety. i just want to have a place in the world. any thoughts or tips would be greatly appreciated, and it just might save my life. i have no money, no guidance, and no idea. if you read this, i love you and thank you. please reach out. julia every day feels hopeless
there is no redeeming qualities to this life or myself.i am toxic, i trick people into putting faith in me and i betray them. the things i used to like became coping mechanisms, and now my coping mechanisms do not work.antidepressants do not work. therapists are incompetent or worse. the government will not do anything for me unless i drag them by the fucking ear and i do not even have enough energy to get out of bed.whenever i get my hopes up something happens to destroy them and send me spiralling into new depths i did not even know existed.i am starting to think this world exists just to torture me.i was cursed from before i was even born to be miserable my entire life. my brain is fucking fundamentally broken. and yet when i try to communicate to people this they just try and gaslight me into thinking i am exaggerating or you will be fine . i have wanted to kill myself since i was ten years old and i have only gotten worse in the decade since. it is honestly a fucking miracle i have not. or maybe a sick joke that i do not have the courage to do it.i do not want to die, but i physically cannot enjoy anything. it is a herculean effort to pull myself out of utter misery into a state of mind approaching normal . and the world moves so fucking fast in the meanwhile that by the time i work up the energy to do anything i am bombarded with dozens of urgent tasks and responsibilities that wear me out in no time.and on top of a defect in my brain that prohibits feeling joy or satisfaction, and on top of living in a shitty cruel world that is barreling toward destruction due to equal parts stupidity, selfishness and malice. on top of that, i am trans. how fucking cursed can i be?i am not even sure what i am.i am not even sure if it is real, or if it is an attempt at escaping who i used to be. the person i hate. if it is maybe just grasping at straws. throwing every fucking thing at the wall and hoping something works. maybe i am so wrapped up in a thousand different insecurities that i have convinced myself i am trans, or maybe i have tricked myself into thinking i am not.maybe it is a combination of all that and my hatred for men and myself.i just want the pain to stop. i just want to feel joy. i just want to be sure of anything. please someone fucking help me. i am so tired of misery and melancholy. fix me or fucking shoot me i am such a fucking piece of shit. there is no escaping my fate. i will kill myself one day and everything i do in the mean time is just prolonging this hell like existence.
i plan to commit suicide somewhere in mid august. i witnessed how my parents fought, one time at a resort where my mother tried to bash my father's head with a table lamp. for the first 4 years of school i was bullied, heavily. on my first day i got a mass beating because i cried on the celebration lineup. what followed is a big fight me vs everybody else in my class and a lot of hate towards my teachers. the 8 years of that school are some of the worst i can remember, partially because of my unstable mother. at some point my parents got divorced and my father was not living with us for a long time, but he could visit me. one time we went to a park but for some reason stopped at the place he was renting. when i got back my mother sensed something was odd and asked me what it was. she told me there would be no consequences if i told the truth. so i did. what followed is my most horrific memory to date. to put it simply, it involved a lot of slurs directed at me and my father, screaming and beating an expensive high end plasma tv with a hammer. things calmed down since then my parents now share the same apartment, i completed my basic education and so on. but something just never left me. a feeling of uselessness, desire to not exist anymore. it became apparent to me around 2 years ago and it got a somewhat of a deadline 6 months ago. basically, my situation is bad. the exams i studied for with very good and professional teachers from another school came out bad. like, i got my place in my university only because of some contest. and it did not pan out. i chose translation as my profession with the english and german languages. this summer i was to take my first year exam. german was a complete failure. i can retake it in september but it will not do much, why if the past year did not do it? basically i have nowhere to go. if i will retake the exams they will come out even worse, and my current scores will not get me into any university or college at all.for my whole life i felt like i do not belong here, like i was a mistake. well, it seems to be true. it is sad i will not get to witness my nineteenth birthday. how my cat's going to grow up. it is sad that i will leave my parents with no hope for the future. but it would be even more sad to live off them for the rest of my life, or to end up homeless. i am scared, but ultimately it does not change anything. in the end we are all ants on a big rock that is going to boil us alive. my absence is insignificant. i do not know where to go anymore
i have been passively at best, actively at worst suicidal for more years 14 than i have not been at this point. it feels like a cancer that i just cannot cut out, no matter what meds i take or what positive life changes i make. when i go to bed at night or take depression naps i cannot help but think of how nice it would be if i died in my sleep. i beg the universe for it sometimes. especially with the trajectory of the world.and if i am not supposed to die then i wish that life could just pause for a few seconds. i am struggling to breathe, and its maddening not having adequate space to even attempt to work through these awful feelings. how do i tell my job, friends, family that my daily performance is suffering because i wish i was dead? how do i provide for myself if i am in long term treatment? rent does not go away. responsibilities will pile up. i am so worried that if i acknowledge how bad things are and try to seek help that my life would only get worse and that it would be impossible to claw myself out of that hole.people expect you to keep going like nothing is the matter if you give them the pg version of your thoughts, or they start treating you like you are crazy if you are too honest with them.and there is no way i could responsibly start a family like this or accomplish any of lifes basic milestones. i worry that adoption agencies would flag me in an instant if i tried getting help. i cried for hours today just thinking of how irresponsible id be getting a dog and dragging it down with my mood, let alone putting a partner or kid through this misery. these basic things feel so unattainable, and that is killing me.i feel like there is no way to win while keeping my pride intact, and i am starting to get tired of trying. i hate attention, but there is no way for me to get the help i need without having to take a break from work. i need more than twice monthly therapy at this point. but if this feeling never goes away then why put myself through that humiliation?no matter what i do there is always that emptiness eating away at my progress. the fleeting moments of happiness feel duller each time they come and go. i am not interested in anything anymore. every single thing in my life is just going through the motions. i am numb to everything. and the it gets better thing sounds more and more like a lie with each passing day.i am just so tired. and i have all but resigned myself to putting my head on my pillow every night and hoping i do not wake up. does this feeling ever go away?
hi, i am just writing this because i want to put it in writing.so, i am a mid 20's straight male who is about to get master's degree at a university in europe. for most people that would be considered a real start of life, but for me, it will mark the end. i hope i will leave this world soon after getting my diploma. the reasons are as follows.i have no real friends. i barely hang out with anyone, and even when i do, i always feel like such a burden. nobody ever invites me anywhere, i always have to initiate something. i have also never had sex, never even kissed a girl, or had a girlfriend. i do not blame them, girls do not like short introverts who have no self confidence. even though i will finish university, i feel like i am so much dumber than everyone else. i cannot see myself ever getting hired for a job i have sent applications, and i am always rejected or ignored . again, i do not blame them either. i have watched all my former class colleagues and friends surpass me in every way imaginable. they all graduated already, have steady jobs, their own houses, girlfriends boyfriends etc. and i am just here sitting alone writing on suicidewatch subreddit.the worst part is, i only have myself to blame. sure, being short, kind of ugly, and being from a poor family did not help, but i have seen people who had it worse than me succeed way better than me. i also have full support from my family in everything i do which is heartbreaking. i would actually prefer if they did not give a damn about me so i could just leave in peace. i have been kind of lazy my whole life, but i would say the bigger problem was that i never had a proper friend tutor in life. i never had someone i could actually talk about my problems with, or what course in life to do, or to ask help with girl etc. please do not suggest me psychiatrists, they are incredibly expensive no way i could afford private ones and barely do their job where i live, so that is just not an option. so, my current plan is to finish my degree just so my former colleagues do not think that is the reason i left and i look even dumber. after that, i would tell my family i am looking for a job, but i actually will not, and i would just leave one day. i already have a notepad list of things to do delete everything from phone, web history, stuff like that , put my cash savings in an envelope under my pillow so my family can afford the funeral, and just say i am going to take a walk but i will never come back.that is the plan. time to leave
i am in an increasingly bad mental state. i just moved to austin, texas a few months ago with my girlfriend and things have been spiraling out of control for the both of us and i am starting to feel there is no fixing things. i am terrified of being alone, i have social anxiety, and i have become too dependent on her which has taken its toll on her mental health. i am facing repeated thoughts of just wanting my life to be over, i am so tired of feeling like such a worthless piece of garbage, i am tired of feeling so alone all the time and that nobody cares. i have debated trying to od on my seroquel, or od on drugs like cocaine, i really wish i could just go to sleep and not wake up. i do not know anyone here, my girlfriend wants to leave me, i am just a fucking mess and i hate myself so god damned much.i am trying to do the right thing, i have been getting denied insurance coverage for tms and edmr therapies to deal with my mental illness and the longer it gets drawn out the worse things have been getting. i am tired, i just want to be loved, and i do not even love myself, how can i?? my mom died of suicide at a far younger age than i am now, and i also think i just wish so much that i could be with her. if she was still here my life would not have turned out so shitty, i would not have had to deal with emotional abuse and neglect from my other family members after she died, i would not be a fucking alcoholic addict that cannot handle just day to day living.what sucks the most is that i know what i am capable of, i know i am an intelligent person with a good job, but this depression, this trauma, this anxiety, it makes me step in my own way and i am losing that battle a little bit more every single day. i know i am the only one who can truly overcome this, but in actuality, i do not think i am capable. i do not know what the tipping point will be but it feels like its getting close, i am one tragic event away from just blowing my brains out. nobody would even know, i do not want people to mourn me when i die, if i felt otherwise, i would be much further off from suicide. i am so far from home, my girlfriend does not love me or want to be with me anymore, i have no friends here, i am like a literal fucking ghost. i have two cats and a dog at home that i love so much, but my girlfriend would care for them if i were gone, she loves those animals to death.i am running out of reasons to stay alive and it is scaring the hell out of me. inching closer and closer to ending it all
i hope this is the right place to post because its kind of a relationship question as well as suicide. but ugh, it just breaks my heart so much to be in this situation. stupid me thinking the i love yous were a friendly thing of caring for each other at first. i told her i am bi but definitely more on the gay side to give her the hint that we were just friends, which is true btw i am mostly gay. she eventually started hitting on me alot more than just a few friendly xs and compliments. she would get angry when i did not respond straight away or left her on delivered because she would be able to see that i am active on instagram. she would not let me go and study when i needed to because it would make her mad. she called me handsome and if i did not call her beautiful back she would get upset. when we called the other day, she said that hearing my laugh just lit up her day, i was flattered but worried because i felt like she was developing feelings for me. she is been hitting on me for a while, and i know its bad to reciprocate when i do not feel that way, but she would get so pissed if i did not return a compliment or did not send back a emoji, etc. i did not want to be mean. by this stage i obviously knew that i was being manipulated into hitting on her back because i am the stereotypical nice guy. but what makes it really hard is that she is suicidal and uses this to try and guilt me into a relationship. she talks to me a lot about it. i support her as much as i can i tell her i do not want to lose her and that so many people care about her. i have tried to get her to ring lifeline for support, but she refuses, saying she sees a psychologist so its ok. today she told me that the thought of being in a relationship with me is the only thing keeping her alive, and i was just shattered to hear this because i have kind of got a date, and hes a guy. i do not feel that way about her, and there is just no physical or romantic attraction to her. i do not know how to tell her. i told her that it breaks my heart to hear that nothing else is keeping her alive because i am sure that there is a lot she has to live for and people that care and love her. she was not having it though and kept changing the subject back to something flirty. i am so scared that if i reject her, she will take her life because that is what she said and i just really do not know what to do she said the thought of being with me is the only thing keeping her alive, but i do not like her like that. what do i do?
i know the knee jerk reaction is to call cops on people.to my utter detriment, i am 100 sane. there is scarcely any reason or legal grounds to hospitalise me against my will, save for the fact i have been rightfully, and logically suicidal for the past 13 or so years.all the cops do is offer disgustingly hollow platitudes, and then leave. same for suicide hotlines, or therapists, or psych wards. hot take, but therapy and medication do jack shit when your issues stem from mostly material conditions such as oppression, poverty, loneliness, and long term often systemic abuse.whenever i have a bpd meltdown and that is very often a lot of people opt to either ignore it, or call the authorities. due to my background of abuse and lapses in memory, i will not trust a one time it will be fine, you can talk to me! . alleged friends no longer commit to anything they promise or say in the heat of the suicidal crises. and i realise it is not an obligation. but i willingly subject myself to horrible shit to keep up to date with suicidal people again and again and again, never resting assured i miraculously saved them.comfort takes time. it is a lost art. love takes time. as does trust, and henceforth, anything meaningful. i say i do not have friends, having 400 friends on fb, as it would be saying you have nutrition if you ate mcd for every single meal ever. comfort takes time. but dialling 112 and never saying a word is easy.what am i venting for then? a lament for the unlovable? ode to the abandoned? perhaps simply a reminder to take a long hard look at your real friendships. check in with people. pick out the ones you want to commit to, and go balls to the wall, because frankly, some people like me can be saved, but only with a lot of effort.show up. we might object. help up do the dishes. bring groceries when you come. organise things with solid dates and times. be stern and uncompromising, but touch us with love when you go in for that awkward hug.there will be obstacles. i do not trust a soul in a 500 km radius, and then there is people i have unrequited feelings for, and then there is america. distance is a bitch, but you will probably either drink or gamble that money anyway. gods, please, just show up. i would have paid, for every single trip, i would have paid.but there was no comfort. in the end, there was no one. no easy fixes. so if you are reading this, odds are that you have someone you ought to show up for. maybe even yourself. i only ever needed comfort, not cops
i have tried to kill myself twice now. one was quite recent, back in may. i had cut myself late at night, and my mother woke up and found me. at first she thought i had done it on accident, as i was in the kitchen, and seemed very concerned. however, when i told her i had done it on purpose, she instantly become very upset. it did not seem to be in a concerned way, more of an angry, upset way, like it was inconvenient for her. my wounds were not horrible or bad to the point of hospitalization, but they were concerning, and some were deep. my mom told me to put some neosporin on them and go back to sleep. i told her i did not feel safe and asked her if we should call someone, take me somewhere. she told me i was not bleeding out so no one could do anything for me. she told me i was fine and that i was doing this for attention. at first i thought she was crazy, but now i am scared that she is right. i was not able to go through with it so maybe i am subconsciously doing it for attention. she had texted my cousin the next day to check up on me because i was doing weird stuff . it made me so sad because my mother continues to act like everything is normal. she has not to talk about it since, but when i bring it up she gets very mad, and always says i do not care. grow up. move out . she always tells me how sensitive i am and how i am just emotional for no reason, or because i am seeking attention. i had moved away to college in september, and my parents had insisted i come back in october because of covid. during arguments, they always bring it up, telling me i should have stayed up there, and that they just want me to leave. i am so close to moving away for my next year of college, but it seems like the closer i get to leaving, the worse my thoughts become. i am just so scared of what might happen to me. i want a relationship with my mom so bad because i really do love her, but it seems like she does not want one. she treats me so much worse than my younger sibling and it hurts me so bad. it truly feels like they would not care. i just want to be able to do it. i know that i need help but it is so difficult when there is so form of support in my regular life. i hate venting to friends because it is such a serious topic, i do not want to scare them or burden them, making them wonder if i am okay ya know?i feel so sad all the time and i am just counting down the days until i can try again or leave, whichever comes first. i do not know what i can do to make it better
it has become nearly impossible for me to relate to the normal things that other people have and take for granted everyday. i do not feel human anymore because i cannot relate to or connect with anything that people say anymore. all i see is everyone elee living their lives while i have been stuck in the same position for years with no help. whenever i see a couple togerher it really effects me because i have never had anything like that and i realized that other people do not care what you are goinf through, as long as they feel good they are content to ignore you. i am almost 29 now and i have never been in a real relationship in my life. people have always treated me differently. i watched as the years went by and everyone else in my family found a partner and got married. while other people found love i was here alone and i still am.this entire situation has had a terrible impact on my mental state. these days all i find myself doing is wasting the road at it my limited time and sleeping. when everyone else talks about their interests and hobbies all i can think of is oh that is nice, i wish i could afford to go out and do fun things. but since i do not have any money i can only have hobbies that are free such as writing and reading. it saddens me to no end how other people are held above us and used as a form of social capital. its unreal how much those in power have completely ruined the natural interactions that humans used to have. almost every single way that people interact these days is twisted and unnatural. humans were never meant to live this way, but for some reason we continue to, day after day, much to our own dismay. sometimes i feel this world is nothing but a nightmare when i think about the past and how people used to act. people were not always this way, but they act like there is no other alternative or other ways to live. all of these things going on within society and the interactions between us have caused my heart to become harder over the years. i used to be a sensitive person who felt a range of emotions and i used to be able to get excited about things. now i feel like a broken person, i do not feel much anymore except extreme despair and sadness which eventually feels like nothing after a while. it is great how everyone else gets to continue to live their lives and experience all these things that people take for granted, while my life declines and gets worse everyday. every day just gets worse for me. every day is more suffering
i do not even know why i am making a public post about this but whatever. i am fed up. btw trigger warning i will mention self harm.i am fed up with life, with the world, with the whole universe. idk if this is just a mental breakdown or a mood swing, my mood has been up and down this past week, but then no cuz i feel i am fucking valid in my anger and how i feel. basically, i am tired of being treated like a worthless piece of trash by the universe when i say universe, i mean it in a spiritual sense..like how some believe in a god etc. when i know my fucking worth. it is bad enough i was invisible to my mother growing up, with her ass neglecting me for 16 years of my fucking life, but why am i now at 21 fucking years old invisible to the world too? i thought i was doing better. i really did. my mom's neglect caused me to suffer from depression and cut myself at the age of 14. overcame it at 16 when i moved in with my dad, a parent that actually fucking cared about me for once. but life did not get much better after that. i am a loser that took 5 years to graduate hs, and now i am delayed one year in receiving my associate because i got wus on some classes lol and you can thank anxiety and insomnia my new mental illnesses for that . amongst my peers, i am years behind. great. but what really pushed me over the edge tonight is the fact that no one gives a fuck about me, and i do not know why. i am invisible to everyone, everyone ignores me. i am lonely, lol all i ask...all i have been asking for since i was 14 is for some friends but i cannot even get that. damn bitch am i really that hard to love? 21 years of being alive and i still do not have friends lol. the universe just hates me. all i have are like 6 best friends from elementary, but let us be fucking honest the only reason why were friends is cuz we feel obliged to. with the exception of 3, i only ever see them like 2 3 times a year anyways despite living in the same area, and the other 3 that i talk to and meet regularly got other options regardless lol, i do not. and what does one do when it is hard to make local friends? turn to social media. social media should be easier as it is easier to find people who share the same interests as you....but ofcourse not for mewtf am i a plague? the universe just fucking hates me, i am a polite person, i am not rude, and i have been called funny, so why am i treated like i am fucking invisible? i should have just stayed cutting my wrists. tbh this is just a rant.
we are not speaking for a month due to a break we are taking. impossible for me to know whether we will stay together or not. in the meantime i am preparing myself for a breakup, even if i have some faith in the outcome. i have fought hard to reassure him about continuing together, but he is still lost about what decision to make. beyond this i am afraid of a lifetime where i will never know if he is truly okay.even if for a day it is easy to think he is not for me, i go to sleep crying because i feel the thought is cruel. he has been nothing but loving from the start and we were happy together. our families liked each other. i love his so much. a few months ago i found out he has been suicidal for a long time. he told me his dark thoughts and it broke my heart. he did not want to talk about it and was upset that the whole thing came up, because it triggered him. we rarely ever fought, but now he says he cannot trust me. now i pray to god for the first time so he gathers strength to overcome his depression because there is nothing else i can do.he continues to love me and want this relationship, but fears it might do him more harm than good. i want to do anything i can to prove i am strong enough for this and that i can be his support. i am afraid of what happens to him if he gives this up, which i understand is arrogant. there is no way to claim i am what he needs. but we thought we were going to be married one day. i am scared he is pushing me away. viewed optimistically, the end of the relationship could diminish potential triggers and give him the space to focus 100 on himself, his way. all of my friends say i need to look out for myself right now. but what on earth could my strength be for other than him, when he was the first to make life beautiful for me. because of him i overcame my own depression and became so strong. i think i would be okay, i just would hate to settle for someone else. there is no knowing why he is depressed and what stops him from trusting me. maybe he has some secret, i would suspect about gender. i would be with him no matter what. anyone with advice, it is very welcome! i want to be there for him so badly, i am just not sure what else to do but be patient, i have done everything i can. i have cleared up misunderstandings. and again, maybe a breakup is just what makes sense. but this came out of nowhere. i trust he will find his way even if without me. i found out my boyfriend is suicidal and he thinks he wants to split up.
moves camera deep breath you guys, i never wanted to make this but in all seriousness i have been trying to avoid making something like this for years. i have always tried to make myself feel content with being myself, but i cannot anymore. i cannot even look in the mirror anymore these days. it is one thing to be lonely, it is another thing to know why your lonely and know that you cannot fix it. i have severe physical disabilities and some mental disabilities. when i say mental disabilities i do not mean hey look everybody i have adhd, are not i so quirky? what i mean is, i am too retarded to drive properly. i am an adult and i do not have a driver's license. and my physical disability is honesty the biggest reason i am writing this. i should have died when i was a baby. it is mostly invisible but man does it do a lot of damage . i get tired so quickly. and i am basically useless if it is hot outside. not to mention it is cut my life span nearly in half which is a good thing because i can be indesisive about suicide and still die young. and as a final f you from my disability, i am 5' 6 and i can not grow any taller. i am very ugly. the ugliest? no. ugly enough to be ignored by girls? yes. and i cannot say i blame them at all. good lord i am so ugly. my eyes are so sunken in, my cheeks are so big you would think i have down syndrome, my lips are the size of your mom laugh redditors and my fore head is so big. my voice is also horrendous. it goes with out saying, i have never had a girlfriend, never kissed, never had the sexos and stuff like that. i have some friends that are girls but ok so here is the thing. i have friends, right? but i cannot really say they are my friends. i am pretty sure they only talk to me because they think it is the kind thing to do. and before i get any of those comments, yes mommy, i tried all the reddit strategies. i have been working out for years with minimum gain. i have found hobbies to get into only to use them as escapism to avoid my self hatred. actually, my hobbies only further my self hatred. i have not been to therapy but honesty i could pat myself on the back for free so why spend all the money?not to much is keeping me doing it. i have a loving family. i know it would make them feel awful if i killed myself but i just cannot keep living like this. that is why i am here, i am at a cross roads. i know which way is wrong but i need someone to confirm that it is wrong to me. bro, i am too disabled and ugly to live
for the last couple of weeks i have been having very distressing intrusive thoughts. a lot of these thoughts revolve around the fear of being attracted to children. a few weeks ago, me and my partner were watching a documentary about peodophile hunters and my brain started wondering about the physical side of it, what it is like to do something like that and how can they even do it? i was very uncomfortable with these thoughts and felt guilty and horrible. i told my partner and he told me it was nothing to worry about. i still felt guilty. over the next couple of weeks i started having intrusive thoughts about it while going about my daily life. i have been doing an online course about safeguarding children in preparation for my future career, and during the course i kept having very distressing thoughts about how they deserve it or seeing images of the abuse happening in my head. it made my already existing ocd 100x worse and i struggled to complete the course. what topped it off today was...i had a nap because i do not sleep very well. i had this very long intrusive thought while sleeping i do not want to call it a dream because that implies it was something enjoyable and it was far from it . i had this long intrusive thought about me and an older girl doing something with a younger girl in my bedroom at home. i have no idea what age the girl was, but she was young. we ended up getting caught and my life was over. i woke up unable to breathe, i felt sick, i felt guilty, i felt disgusted. i wanted to claw my brain out of my head. it is 3 hours later and i still feel that way. i cannot deal with thinking things like that. but i cannot reach out for help because if i do everyone is going to think i am a pedophile. my future will be destroyed. i am not a pedophile, i would never do anything to harm a child. i do not understand what is happening to me. i am already very mentally unwell, i have chronic anxiety, depression, i was physically, emotionally abused as a child and neglected, i have been sexually assaulted. i am dealing with a lot. maybe it is all of that causing it. i do not know but i can live with all of that but i cannot live with this. i plan to kill myself at 6pm. i am going to get a taxi as close to the bridge in town as i can and throw myself off. i have thought about that for months as a good way to go and now i finally have a good enough reason to use it. disturbing, intrusive thoughts are ruining my life and i cannot live with them.
a year ago i had basically decided i was going to end it all unless i was offered to stay at my work and if the extremely few options after that did not pan out. i did get the offer though, but now the serious thought about doing it is back again, and this time there is nothing beyond the horizon. i am miserable. i do not enjoy life and i do not think i have ever seriously enjoyed it. i cannot see anything happening that would change my mind. i have thought about this for as long as i can remember. my earliest memories have been about being depressed and anxious, being unhappy, being uncomfortable, being generally confused and not knowing what i actually want out of life. just living in a constant state of apathy.nothing is enjoyable anymore. whatever few things i had have vanished into thin air. society does not care. people do not care. i am all alone. i cannot handle demands and expectations. i cannot take control of my own life. i do not have a direction. i do not have any goals, i never did. the closest thing is probably where i am right now, and feeling the way i feel it does not really cut it. i have absolutley zero skills, i am shockingly unintelligent, i have no passions or real actual interests. i am only consuming and have never produced anything in my entire life.if i am nothing, if i do not want anything, if i cannot do anything then literally becoming nothing should be the most reasonable outcome of all this and sparing the world of my useless and parasitical ways.i have stuck on what i think and hope is the most peaceful method with the resources i can attain. so the question is when it is going to happen. i am strongly considering awaiting my inevitable firing that is probably the most common circumstance is not it? livelihood, making a living the thing i cannot handle. we live in a giant market and if you cannot fit into the market you do not have any worth whatsoever.so i am freeing up valuable resources that i am hoarding. because i am going to die anyway and if i do not enjoy my time living, i might as well speed up the process.i had some idea about getting some travelling done before i bite the bullet, but i have a hard time imagining what would even give me the slightest sense of excitement by doing that. so i might as well save that money that will be going to a more productive and useful member of society. i have decided that it is going to happen and how i am going to do it. the question now is when it is going to happen.
i am honestly just really sick of it all. i know people have it worse and honestly that makes me feel worse too. i feel like life's punching bag, i feel like every time i start to get over something it gives me a brand new sob story. its tiring, i have never caught a break and no one seems to be able to tell how horrible things get for me. its not just bad days these things turn into months and years. the worst part about it is that i was not even given a fair playing ground to begin with. no matter how hard i look back i feel like i have always felt different. not in the edgy i like sports and hate dresses way but in the way where there was something just... off. like no matter how hard i try to be like how i am sure i am supposed to i never feel like everything is quite right. there is always something out of place but it is not tangible so i cannot fix it. even in my most enjoyable and carefree moments there is a slight feeling that holds me back, that i am reminded of right before i have fun. it never goes away and i have no idea what it is. maybe that is just how life feels and i am just crazy and think there is something that is not there. maybe it is just my anxiety or depression like people keep telling me. maybe its just puberty, idk!! it just feels like i am not experiencing life the way others do, and not like in the way where i do not go out or something, but like there is something fundamentally wrong with me. i feel crazy and i do not know why i cannot just live my life like everyone else, why it feels like there is always an extra step for me, like i need to try harder for the same results even if i am technically not doing anything at all. this feels separate from my anxiety and depression but no one else seems to think so. they do not get it because they are not feeling it. my mom is going to arrange yet another meeting with my doctors to figure out what is wrong with me again so i can go on meds again. i am scared they will make me go really crazy like my last ones did but it is whatever because i know going on them would make her feel better for me. i just wish she would get out of my room. you relapse and self harm really bad one time two months ago suddenly you need to be supervised at all times. they act like i cannot find shit to hurt myself with at school, it is honestly making that seem like a fun option. whatever i just hope i can figure out what is wrong with my brain. thanks for reading all this. i am slightly off
there are certain people who i care for make me suicidal and generally like a failure. i would love some help just while i am stuck over the next few days. i recently started taking antipsychotics. they help me be more compassionate for my self. the situation is i have not seen a close friend in a long time and took 2 weeks off my 3 jobs to see them. they needed some help unpacking and with chores. but there is always something wrong. it does not help that there are sometimes feelings between us.the thing is i have done everything due to my people pleasing habits. and i have been thinking what i already knew, which is that i am doing this because of people pleasing. i could have spent my very limited vacation with friends who actually make me happy and should not have committed so much but i commit to people i care about and do a lot for those who reciprocate care as i have been deprived of it and had to grow up very early. but i had this need to please. but i have failed in various tasks and am now counting down the days i have to stay here as leaving will because more issues.it is not that this person is bad it is just how our anxieties play out and interact. and i recognize all my mistakes, in particular listening to the idea of staying with this person, and catering my schedule to do things for them and not doing all the things i wanted to do.i just need help surviving the next two or three days with any help or relatable stories. we have good times but a momentary issue ie if i do something too slowly or my two bags are visible out or bigger issues like messing up laundry this was the biggest or not waking up early or doing things based on their timeline there are like 5 things i try to do in an afternoon and if i get 3 5 it is very bad sends me down bad paths and i think because i am on medication i am feeling my feelings and hearing inner voices that advocate me more than i normally do. and the unpacking takes for ever but when they feel capable they do everything so well within a short time whereas i struggle immensely with even simple tasks because i always do them wrong and it is their space. i know i will never stay with them again or schedule a trip where i just see them. i just need help for the next few days and need to know if anyone else feels inadequate all the time or has made similar mistakes around certain people or dealing with people who are very particular. feeling suicidal around certain people and on anti paychotics
tw suicide, maybe eating problems amp body issuesi'm not attractive but i feel the need to become attractive. although i appear quite nonchalant to people easiest way to hide my anxiety , i have tried eating and vomiting to lose weight but that did not work in the slightest for me, i changed my hair to look better and i plan to get quite a few cosmetic surgeries in the future. in my eyes, i feel like as a black young adult, no one ever sees me as approachable or relatable. most first assumptions are that i am the big, intimidating, rude kid. i did not ask to be me, i did not ask to look like this or be tall or be unattractive. i feel like for every fashion aesthetic i have tried to feel less of an outsider i feel like a poser. furthermore, i hate my body since my body proportions mean that i cannot fit into a lot of clothes. but there is no one to vent to. i took it upon myself to get a referral to counselling and i am currently on anti depressants. and no matter how much my situation improves, i still feel shitty inside. i recently had a whole day where i just cried non stop and every time i would calm down, the tiniest negative thought would bring me back to crying. even now, i do not cry i.e. with tears, but i feel like i am breaking down and become restless.i find that i try to relate to fictional characters, music etc. i recently saw scott pilgrim v. the world, and i rooted for that lifestyle aesthetic such as his sarcastic friends and his whole love triangle situation. and i will daydream, wishing that i could have such a life, rather than being bitch of a giant.i feel like no one can accept my vulnerablity. i tried to cut myself to show my classmates so they would leave me alone, but i did not have the courage to and my mum later saw it and made fun of me and compared me to a teen white girl. i want to lose weight so i seem less of a giant. i remember being younger and being seen as cute and that was genuinely one of the best feelings, because of the security i had, the fact that i was allowed to be vulnerable and cared for. but now, i feel like an outsider, an embarrassment. i continue to help myself, because realistically i would be seen as selfish if i killed myself also, i would hate for people who give me shit everyday to claim they cared about me and i do not think i should kill myself over other people but deep down, i feel like this everyday. i do not want to be me. can someone give any advice support on my situation?
i do not even know why i am writing this but i need to get this off my chest. i am 21, about to graduate college with very good grades, already have a decent job where everyone seems vey nice and helpful. i have very loving family, i have friends who i talk to almost every day but still even after everything i have i feel empty. i just do not want to exist anymore.it is not that i am sad but that i just can not imagine myself living. i have not tried anything yet but i do not trust myself. i try to keep myself as distracted as possible to stop thinking about it but the moment i am unoccupied i just start thinking about it. i even imagine what the people around me will be like after i die. i do not know when it started exactly but i have been feeling like this for years. in my first year of college i found myself staring down the stairwell ready to just let gravity do the work, then i had a accident in my 2nd year and the only thing i remember feeling during that was relief. i try to live by bargaining for time with my thoughts. i say to myself let us just try living for a week to watch the new episode of a show or let us just wait for that movie to release, or let us just wait until i have visited that place but it is not working anymore. i try thinking that my mom will be sad, my little brother would miss me or my dad will be hurt, but then i think they will get over it after a few years. i have to die someday let us just get it over with. i do not even know why i am like this. i have not told this to anyone. i tried talking to my mom last week but could not. i do not know what to do. i do not know how long i can stop myself. i do not even know why i want to do this. i have not felt happy in la long while, every time i feel happy the emptiness just comes back after a while. every night i go to sleep dreading waking up in morning. even now its almost 3 in the morning and i do not want to sleep even though i am tired. i do not know how much longer i can hold out like this. i do not know why i am writing this, i just want to stop. i want to be happy for once, without the permanent anxiety and fear. i want to wake up feeling happy, i do not want to be empty. i want to love someone, anyone. i want to be happy but i feel like i will never be. please i do not know wat to do i just want to cry but i cannot even do that now. i want to do something i like but i do not like anything. i do not know what i want anymore. why do i even exist.
back in april, i was publically humiliated and scarred when the police publically detained me in a crowd of 100s of people and took me to a temporary suicide ward while i awaited a full placement. many things happened in the week i spent in the temporary placement but i am writing about what happened after.luckily i was eventually sent home but since that day i have never been able to think the same. every day i think about the fact i nearly went to what i have heard from people i know that have been to psych wards a prison. here is the thing though, you do not get given a set amount of time like prison, it is based on how much progress they think you are making, which gives me 3 things that terrify me.i literally cannot talk to people such as therapists, i have had so many bad experiences with them and i cannot talk to them i hate all of them so much, so they would never see me making any progress, second thing is, i am pretty sure they can force you to take medication, for similar reasons to the therapy thing i hate taking medication, last time i was on an antidepressant like medication i got 100x worse because of how much i hate it, and the third reason when i am extremely angry, stressed or upset i cannot control myself very well and i do stupid things i regret, if i was in a ward like that i can predict how things would go. i would be told i have to stay for a long time, kick off or try to run away, get restrained, calm down, get told i now have to say longer because of that, kick off or try to run away again, get restrained and then told i have to stay even longer and then do this every month for years.it is really fucked me up, every day i think about the fact that if i was not lucky enough to go home i would be stuck there for years if not decades, i would be medicated down to the point where i no longer feel anything, i was specifically told by one of the workers there that it was quote miserable and how i would have no phone and visitors are not allowed so i would be completely alone for those years.i have nightmares about being in one of those places, it is horrible. i feel like i have ptsd for something i never even experienced, but just the notion that it might have happened is enough.my feelings about this have been less frequent recently but when i do get them they are still horrible and i hate it i cannot stop thinking about almost being put into a mental ward because i would have probably been there for years
certainly did not think id be reaching out on reddit to express how i am feeling but here goes nothing. i have a long standing history of depression amp trauma however over the years i have bounced back and become quite happy and high functioning. over the past 7 months my mental health has significantly declined and everything in my life has just gone sideways. firstly i was given a very harsh wake up call about the career i thought i wanted and almost had my graduation delayed something that kickstarted an entire depressive state amp identity crisis for me. i cannot put the mental turmoil this put me through into words. since then i have broken up with my partner of 5 years after realising i did not love him anymore amp meeting someone else. i just finished 11 weeks of unpaid work for my degree and have just found out yesterday that i need to repeat 6 of them and now i am going to graduate late. this was meant to be a huge achievement for me, finishing all my clinical hours for my degree now its been taken away from me for the second time this year as i required some days off for my mental health and they cannot pass me on the amount of hours i have done and they cannot leave the hours in finalised so i have to repeat entirely. all of my friends will be finishing the degree without me, and my ego and pride is too strong i am just so embarrassed by this. its devastating me. i am on thin ice with my employer and about to lose my job because of how unreliable i have been and they can tell i have had a behaviour change and totally withdrawn. i keep having flashbacks of childhood abuse and cannot sleep at night. i feel numb and empty inside and like i am stuck and everyone else is moving around me. i have been disassociating from reality and losing hours and days and weeks worth of time. i do not know where the last few months have gone. to top it off two nights ago i was walking back to my car when i was grabbed and forced behind a wall and had my head smashed against bricks a few times and i was sexually assaulted. i am replaying this over in my head and do not know how to voice the way i feel about this. i feel fucking disgusting. i feel so alone and like nobody understands this. i am really struggling to cope with life and i am just sitting in bed wishing i could go to sleep and never wake up. this is the first day in years that i have seriously considered ending things and i feel like i am at rock bottom not coping
i have often passively ideated it, but i feel like i am sinking more amp more into active ideation where now i really do wonder if my story will end with me dying by my own hand. a huge part of me really really wants it all to be over because i am so tired of living in the us amp being part of the system, but another part really does want the story to get better. like maybe i can leave the country amp end up doing something i love.i do not know if that is likely though. i think its super likely id just end up sad amp alone. i do not really have family. amp all my friends have their own lives with lots of families amp other friends. amp i am so far out of the norm because i am not cis amp i am neurodivergent amp i do not even know much about falling in love because romance is a huge scary mystery to me that i just do not understand or really experience like normal ppl do. i like film studies though. amp i love helping people. amp i have had an excellent academic career so far finished undergrad . id really love to be a professor someday amp help students the way my professors have helped me. id like to help make education more inclusive amp accessible. but its getting harder to be a professor these days. grad school could be a lot more affordable in other countries, but i am not sure yet if there is even a film studies program out there for me that is still affordable. it might be a little bit too niche. a lot of the world is not friendly for nonbinary people. its getting easier in some places, but its still hard. it makes me wonder if there is a place for me in this world when everything is the way that it is. i have friends who care about me, but even when i did reach out for help, so few answered. only one sounded really genuine. i think everyone is tired of me. amp that hurts too. i do not think ill be ending things quite so soon, but its always on my mind. i keep asking myself whether living is really worth it amp when, if not, will i finally initiate the final act? sigh. i hate not knowing. i keep weighing the possible rewards of keeping my subscription to living against the relief of no longer having to pay for it. even then, i still feel like i am in a trial period except i do not know when its going to end. when should i have a decision? i wish i knew! i wish it was easier. but who does not, though, am i right? oh well. i feel like i am constantly deciding whether i am going to keep my subscription to life.
i have often passively ideated it, but i feel like i am sinking more amp more into active ideation where now i really do wonder if my story will end with me dying by my own hand. a huge part of me really really wants it all to be over because i am so tired of living in the us amp being part of the system, but another part really does want the story to get better. like maybe i can leave the country amp end up doing something i love.i do not know if that is likely though. i think its super likely id just end up sad amp alone. i do not really have family. amp all my friends have their own lives with lots of families amp other friends. amp i am so far out of the norm because i am not cis amp i am neurodivergent amp i do not even know much about falling in love because romance is a huge scary mystery to me that i just do not understand or really experience like normal ppl do. i like film studies though. amp i love helping people. amp i have had an excellent academic career so far finished undergrad . id really love to be a professor someday amp help students the way my professors have helped me. id like to help make education more inclusive amp accessible. but its getting harder to be a professor these days. grad school could be a lot more affordable in other countries, but i am not sure yet if there is even a film studies program out there for me that is still affordable. it might be a little bit too niche. a lot of the world is not friendly for nonbinary people. its getting easier in some places, but its still hard. it makes me wonder if there is a place for me in this world when everything is the way that it is. i have friends who care about me, but even when i did reach out for help, so few answered. only one sounded really genuine. i think everyone is tired of me. amp that hurts too. i do not think ill be ending things quite so soon, but its always on my mind. i keep asking myself whether living is really worth it amp when, if not, will i finally initiate the final act? sigh. i hate not knowing. i keep weighing the possible rewards of keeping my subscription to living against the relief of no longer having to pay for it. even then, i still feel like i am in a trial period except i do not know when its going to end. when should i have a decision? i wish i knew! i wish it was easier. but who does not, though, am i right? oh well. i feel like i am constantly deciding whether i am going to keep my subscription to life.
i do not know what to do anymore. i withdrew from school back in february on account of having a sort of mental breakdown, in which my mental health tanked and i became severely depressed and anxious and was afraid to leave my dorm room. i became obsessed with my academic success, my friends well being, and my cleanliness to the point where it came before anything else in my life. i did not eat, i barely slept, and my intrusive thoughts began to take control of my brain. i was constantly dissociated, paranoid, and i had began to convince myself if i purged myself of everything i owned and cut off my arms i would finally be free of the burden of existence. i just could not stop thinking about much room and space i took up. i eventually had to withdraw to prevent academic failure, and i have been home since.in the past couple months, i have been seeing a nurse practitioner and a therapist once a month or so, and i have tried various medications but nothing has been really working for me. my nurse practitioner suggested that i should try intensive therapy instead, as it might be more successful helping me with my problems.school is coming up in august, and i have signed myself up for classes, secured an apartment and even a job, but i am no where near the mental stability i need to be to go back to school. i thought i would be ready by now but i am not. i have tried explaining this to my parents, but i am met with toxic positivity and their usual explanations or solutions for my mood ex hormones, that time of the month , bad habits, not exercising, not trying hard enough to get better, needing to change the way i think, needing to stop my bad thoughts, changing my diet, etc. , and it is like talking to a brick wall. i am slowly losing my mind. living with them just reminds me of how alone i feel and how inadequate i am to my younger sibling they have a license and a job and friends, where as i have neither . i have slowly began to plan towards the end of the month, which is when my drivers test is, is that if i do not pass, i will kill myself. there so many more unlisted issues i have been dealing with that are not on this post and to simply fail at yet another thing might send me over the edge. i feel like no one is listening to me even when i tell them in detail what is wrong. i do not know what to do. i just want to fade away and no longer have to deal with the burden of existing. i might actually do it this time
i think my life is a mistake from the moment i was conceived. my dad never wanted to have children, and when i was born, he spent years trying to make me change. the truth is i am not the son he wanted me to be. i have always been sensitive, and flamboyant. i did not like sports, i always felt more comfortable when i was around girls, and i later found out i was gay. for years i struggled and still struggle with that, not only because i feel like i will never be enough for my father, but also because i live in a very homophobic state in a very homophobic country. i grew up being the punching bag for the boys around me, and that led me to having countless traumas, of which i cannot let go until this day. these traumas caused me to isolate myself because i thought anyone i met would dislike me for being gay. i became really shy and unable to open up to the point where i cannot befriend anyone because people feel like they cannot approach me. the last time i made a friend was four years ago, and i feel terrible for that.i never felt like i was good at anything. the only thing i was proud of was that i thought i was smart. i spent all my school years trying to be the best student and i was hoping that it would grant me a good future, or maybe a feeling that i was doing something going somewhere. but today i got the response from my dream university and i could not get in. i am so fucking useless that i was able to fail the one thing i have been preparing for over the last 8 years of my life.i cannot see myself in one, five, let alone 10 years. i have a passion, which is writing. i also really love music. but none of these will give me a future, at least not where i live. i also feel terrible that i am feeling like this, because i was supposed to have a good life. i always had food on my plate, my parents are able to afford all of our expenses, including a few luxuries now and then. there are millions, billions of people who have a much harder time than me, and i wish i could switch places with them, because they would make much better use of my opportunities than i do.i wish i had something to cling to. maybe the idea of a god who will make everything be worth it in the future. or that fate holds great things for me in the long run. but deep down i know that all of this life is just a sequence of coincidences, and nothing will guarantee that my tomorrow will be different from yesterday. i feel like i was born to die
ok, as of posting this, i have been crying for the past hour, a while ago i could not stop breathing so heavily just thinking about it made me light headed, i am still in eighth grade, but i am an honor student and have been for the last 8 years of my education, i have been working as much as i can, and because of online classes, both my mental and physical health have just deteriorated completely, not a day goes by without contemplating or at least asking myself if today could be the day that i commit suicide, for the past few years of my life i have noticed my mental health take such a toll, i used to take anything from people and shrug it off, and now i can barely manage a day without shedding a tear, or at least feeling the need to, some days i just talk to myself so much i realize the sheer social deprivation i am at, i have not seen my friends in over a year, the only reason i ever talk to my classmates and friends are for games or school, nothing more nothing less, i have no one to talk to or vent about. other days like today, i end up a complete mess crying and hyperventilating, i want to kill myself so much, i felt that today was different, the pain of just breathing i guess, but heavily got to me and i nearly picked up a knife, i just wanted to end the pain, as of now i am still very light headed, this is the only year when i have had insomnia or have just stayed til 2am and even then i cannot sleep, please help me, i do not want to die, i want to live, my parents are of course like any other parents, they would not understand if i told them i had depression, i know it, i do not have much of a good relationship with them as well, so it is pointless talking it out. i am normal ly occupied with school so that keeps me from being depressed, but now that our school year is over, and i have 2 months of worthless time to spare, i have just felt worthless like a soldier after a war, i am sorry if that sounded like an insult to any military personnel but i just, i just do not know anymore. i cry for no reason, i talk to myself on a constant basis, and when i do i just realized i slowly talk myself into depression, my head hurts i think i may have schiz, hopefully not, i just do not want this anymore. this is the first time this is happening, i will not even bother with my grammar, please, just comment something, anything, i want it all to end. just read this and comment anything you want, it is all i need
i have been depressed for years, meds do not seem to help. already attempted a few times, seems like no one wants to let me go.... but the same people also never listen to me or to what i have to say. i feel it is so pointless being alive. i am constantly getting blamed for something i did not do, and no matter how i defend myself, people assume that i really did it. one time i called the cops because a customer was being very rude and aggressive. they never came and i called in the afternoon. the next day the same customer comes back to the store with 2 cops. the 2 cops take me to the back room and say we can either do this here or take you back to the police station and arrest you . like what do mean...... obviously i would rather do this here then go to a police station and get arrested. anyways the cops pull out 4 pieces of paper with 8 size print, top to bottom with text and there like sign here, sign her and here . like i have no idea what i am signing and it would probably take be a while to read it all. after i signed the cops say that i am being charged for assault.... cops said the customer fears for his life and that i had hit him. what the fuck?!?!??!?! never touched the guy and not only that, i called in the day before and put in a report, and no one showed. yet this guy gets 2 cops, says these lies and they just charge me for assault, did not talk to any of my coworkers, or check any of the 4 cameras in our store..... wow so this is how easy it is to be a cop? no detective work at all, no evidence that i touched the guy. just some guy that said i had assaulted him. fuck this guy and fuck these cops. end up spending 300 on a lawyer to write a letter to the cops that charged me, and not until 1.5 months later the cop finally calls me and drops the charges. ngl i was super stressed for weeks. idk this is just some of the things that keep on happening to me. does not matter where i go, it is like bad luck i guess. i rarely go out, really only to get groceries. i feel like everytime i go out, something bad happens to me, and the few people around me just like to push my buttons or poke at me? i do not really know how to describe it but, it just does not make me feel any better. any turn i take happens to be the wrong one all the time. i dunno, it seems like stuff like this only happens to me. so i decided that there is a few more things that i want to do and then do the deed death will stop it all?
i may be suicidal but only because i try so hard to solve a problem yet fucking life throws another one at me. no one asks me are you ok? for fuck sake i do not even have real friends. i am a self diagnosed high functioning bipolar person and when everyone says, stay strong or it is ok they have a fucking easy life. i may not kill myself but is it hard to ask for less problems. after a cps case my dad did not change one bit even with all the effort, tears and emotion. i give up he said to me the other day, do not question me, this is my house blah blah blah. then i lost my fucking dorm contract because i was homeless when they sent it to me. been calling for days, leaving dozens of voicemails, and a couple of emails. the one thing i was looking forward to in life is taken away from me by sheer unluckiness. my parents just forget about the cps incident and just pretend everything is ok when its clearly not. a fucking plastic life in which i have to live in everyday and when i fall asleep i am reminded i am part of that plastic too. my mood swings have been unbearable and i just sit, read and journal but the thoughts still creep in. to the suicide hotline, which i did the text through but the guy seemed disinterested. i cannot even trust my own sister because i feel like i will get betrayed, i cannot even trust my friends because they themselves cannot relate. i do not even have my high school counselors because i graduated high school. my own thoughts always think if i talk to someone i need to pay them back in some way. coming from trauma i trick myself that no one really cares and nothing is free and people are nice they just want something. just crying myself to sleep and accepting my parents will never change and the fucking university housing will never reply back. i will always fucking remember when my parents called me a retard and trapped me in a room for a whole afternoon thinking i will remember the alphabet. i have no one to trust. i cannot even trust my own thoughts. i cannot even hope for a better future if fate is just shoving me down to hell. i do not want to die. i just do not want to worry about my problems. i just want a normal life. is that too much to ask for? all that is left is a bunch of cortisol and hopelessness. what is left is the thought of suicide, not code red, but just a thought. a reoccurring thought that always comes back. i do not want to die. i just want my problems to end.
cw abuse and suicide attempti guess i just need somewhere to vent. i have struggled with suicidal ideation since i was about eleven and because i never attempted, my parents never cared, no matter how intense they got. so i gave up on it and just kept it to myself.i got some help later in life and was diagnosed with ptsd from peer and familial abuse and bpd. i also struggle a lot with my parents trying to throw me to the rocks with coping with my autism. every therapist and help i have been provided always was the mind set that i was not suicidal enough. it is hard for me to keep my mind from splitting, so often when it went this route i just dropped that provider. i am not paying you to pretend you care, you know?then, it happened.the stress of my failing writing career, failing marriage, and relationships imploded last night and i just od'd. it is a blur, but i did not really have a suicide note or plan. i was in the hospital since i was found out pretty fast. unfortunately, since it turned out to be non fatal medication, the hospital visit was not very helpful and now i feel like a complete dumbass. i really should have done more research and gotten something fatal. it was just what i had on time.what i am surprised about is my indifference about surviving. for a bit i did fade in and out, but i was fully aware that on the off chance i did actually die, i did not care. the doctors kept trying to figure out why i did not and still do not feel guilt. i am not upset i survived. i just do not fucking care. i refused to be put in a pysch ward. i have sensory overload issues and i have heard enough shit what they do to autistic people in my state.maybe because i am in a vicious cycle of barely hanging on, i knew it was time. i do not remember everything and i do not want advice. i also do not want fake positivity of the oh it will get better type. i got enough from professionals. i really do not need to hear or be guilt tripped into why i was wrong for finally being provoked into it. therapy is in the talks but i need to find a good fit for someone who is okay with who i am. because there is not a lot of people that like me very much understandably honestly . i am often treated poorly by others. i do not understand healthy relationships and now due to financial reasons i can only hope therapy does not drag my fiances into the ground because i have to go if i want to make the attempt to be better. so i did it
english is not my first language so i am sorry if there is any grammatical mistakes. i am currently 23 and about to turn 24 this year. i have graduated from a university last year , but have yet to find myself a job due to this unknown sickness. it happens whenever i get emotional or under a hot temperature, my body will just overheat and causes immense unbearable psychological pain burning ,needle and itching sensation . i have no idea how to get rid of it , the only instant solution to this is by taking a cold and ice bath , but that is impossible if you are outdoor , and i can only rely on a water spray to minimize the pain and keep my body slightly cool. sadly that does not help much either , since it is hard to spray under your clothing in public, and the partly hot partly cold and wet feelings just make it even worse.this has kept me from doing any kind of activities and even leaving my room , i have been telling my parents about this since 3 years ago , but they did not take it seriously and all they cared are whether i get my degree or not. although they did not force me into finding a job after i have graduated , they still proceeded to ignore my issue and feelings , because according to their logic, they think i am just overly stressed and needed some time off , and while some part of this is true , what i really needed are some medical advice and treatment , yet they just remains silent everytime i bring this up, or just shift the topic to job seeking and how tolerable they are for allowing me to take an year off . what is worse is my dad is a doctor and my mom is a former nurse...and here i am , being a shut in everyday because it hurts going outside. yes i know this is not a permanent solution and i cannot stay like this forever , but what can i do ? can i even work like a normal person if i itch and suffer from psychological pain every 2 second ? fuck no. i do not even know what is wrong with my body and what is the name of this disease or what sort of doctor should i seek for. it is even funnier to think that i can get itchy and pain just by drinking a hot soup or walking. at this point i am just a useless piece of junk that can only stay in my bed and rant on the internet. i seriously have no idea what to do anymore. even if i type this out , nothing will change, and noone can help. i suffer from an unknown pain everyday for the last 3 years, and i just want to end everything now.
english is not my first language so i am sorry if there is any grammatical mistakes. i am currently 23 and about to turn 24 this year. i have graduated from a university last year , but have yet to find myself a job due to this unknown sickness. it happens whenever i get emotional or under a hot temperature, my body will just overheat and causes immense unbearable psychological pain burning ,needle and itching sensation . i have no idea how to get rid of it , the only instant solution to this is by taking a cold and ice bath , but that is impossible if you are outdoor , and i can only rely on a water spray to minimize the pain and keep my body slightly cool. sadly that does not help much either , since it is hard to spray under your clothing in public, and the partly hot partly cold and wet feelings just make it even worse.this has kept me from doing any kind of activities and even leaving my room , i have been telling my parents about this since 3 years ago , but they did not take it seriously and all they cared are whether i get my degree or not. although they did not force me into finding a job after i have graduated , they still proceeded to ignore my issue and feelings , because according to their logic, they think i am just overly stressed and needed some time off , and while some part of this is true , what i really needed are some medical advice and treatment , yet they just remains silent everytime i bring this up, or just shift the topic to job seeking and how tolerable they are for allowing me to take an year off . what is worse is my dad is a doctor and my mom is a former nurse...and here i am , being a shut in everyday because it hurts going outside. yes i know this is not a permanent solution and i cannot stay like this forever , but what can i do ? can i even work like a normal person if i itch and suffer from psychological pain every 2 second ? fuck no. i do not even know what is wrong with my body and what is the name of this disease or what sort of doctor should i seek for. it is even funnier to think that i can get itchy and pain just by drinking a hot soup or walking. at this point i am just a useless piece of junk that can only stay in my bed and rant on the internet. i seriously have no idea what to do anymore. even if i type this out , nothing will change, and noone can help. i suffer from an unknown pain everyday for the last 3 years, and i just want to end everything now.
i do not have a single person that actually cares about me and it is been that way for a while. i accepted that fact a long time ago and kept peddling on. i am now at the point where i have set the date and plan and everything's ready for me to go. i just want to know why it had to be this way. i have been used as an emotional crutch by so many only to be forgotten about when they are out of their darkest times. i have never been anyone's first choice. even my wife cheated on me after i worked so hard for our life together. then at the end of my military career thinking i can finally be free to love and support her to the fullest i get hit with the biggest fuck you i ever experienced. i broke down and when i needed support i was told i am too busy, maybe later? i went on my days mindless and numb. i am so afraid of killing myself that the sole reason why i deployed was to die on the battlefield. i was unlucky and the ambush did not kill me. i think about how my suffering could have easily have ended if i had just peaked up and let them put the bullet in my head. why have i made it this far? i have talked to my therapist, i have talked to people who relate , but i can tell they do not have the slightest clue. i really wish i could have been dealt better cards in life but i have enough self awareness to understand that is just how life is. i only wanted to be happy and content with a normal life. a small circle of friends or people that i could actually depend on. instead i am just alone and there is really no signs of turning it around. i have tried my hardest to reach out to others but it is always me who has to go the extra mile to maintain any sort of relationship. i cannot ever get someone to meet me half way. pretty long rant and i am sure no one will truly ever care. i am just another person. just a number to the statistic. people around me may grief for a bit because they had the slightest connection to me but will forget about it later because they have their own life to live. and i understand that. any how this was pretty long, i am doing whatever i want and have been pretty reckless as the date is pretty close. i am hoping i can find the peace in death that i have desired so much but have been so terrified of at the same time. i wish the best for everyone and i hope you all find peace with yourself before it gets to a stage where you feel like there is no going back. just another person.
i have fucked up badly. i made so many mistakes in my life that it is all flashing before my eyes. i have made one lie because i thought people did not care about me and it backfired so badly. i lost friends, i lost people who cared about me, i lost so much. i just keep losing. i may only be 21 but i feel like life is not going to get better. every time i think my life is ok and going good, something always happens and it is never positive. i do not know what sick game god or whatever higher power is doing this to me. i have always tried to be good, i have tried everything. to go to therapy, to getting on medication, to trying to have better coping mechanisms but it is just not working. i do not know what else to do. i looked up ways to kill myself but those stupid articles keep telling me there is hope. how can there be any hope? the world is burning, the government is terrible, and i keep fucking up. i understand i am human but i do not want to keep making human mistakes. i know me ending my life will make people if any that care and love me will be hurt but i want to do this so i do not keep disappointing and letting them down. i guess they will be disappointed they could not save me, but it will only be a moment. everyone dies... i will be forgotten in a few months anyways. i guess this is just my suicide note. i am sorry for all the hurt and pain i have caused and going to because. i cannot be forgiven for any of my mistakes. i deserve to punish myself and if that means my death than so be it. i do not want to die but i have no other options. i do not want to live as a an empty useless husk. i do not know what death will bring but if it means to end my suffering of this life then so be it. if anyone that knows me finds this reddit post, i am sorry for being a failure and letting everyone i know down. i am sorry for making more and more stupid choices. i am sorry for lying. i am sorry. i am sorry that i am a terrible human being. i am sorry that i cannot get better. i am so sorry for everything... i will make sure i do it properly and all the way this time so i do not keep lying about my attempts. i want to be remembered for being brave enough to pull the plug, regardless on how many times i have to do it to accomplish my new goal. i do not want forgiveness or pity. and if anyone finds this post and tries to talk me out of it, i do not believe any of it. i am sorry... i want to end my life
hello, i am celebrating my 25 birthday this week. i am in awe and have a loss for words.i did not know where to write or who to vent and i am not trying to take away from anyone , i am just contributing and sharing !i grew up lower middle class almost poor family , grew up in canada. i was raised by 2 parents. of which were not the greatest. i do not mean the type to say no tv after 9 or no sweets because they will rot your teeth kind. they were aggressive , always fighting manipulating each other. being the oldest a lot of the hate and anger was directed towards me. my father beat me relentlessly and made me think i was never good enough , a failure , a mistake and etcmy mom had control in other ways. due to the relentless bullying , i was suicidal at the age of 8, i was bullied at school too by close friends and then i went on for years not having friends and not having anybody to talk to or confide in. my parents divorced and it got worse i was put in over 30k in debt helping support family while still trying to achieve higher education and work. i dealt with alot and it was never easy , then in 2016 my life took another huge turn i got into addiction in which i am fighting my way out but everyday is a struggle. i have been in a huge depression and financial ruin. i have panic attacks and suicidal thoughts. my life has been one bad thing after another and each time i trusted someone of shared myself with them i am always burned. i saw countless therapists and countless counsellor.i thought the only way to escape is drop everything and drive on the highway and keep driving and find a small town and settle down there and cut all communication with friends family and loved ones.sad is not it i even started to delete all social media and just take myself off the grid it has not been easy ,i lost a family member and my dog who were both my rocks ! there is is not a day i do not think about themi find solitude in being alone and i started to do things alone that frightened me , going hiking alone , eating at restaurants alone , doing late night drives alone. i ve been pushing my boundaries and pushing my comfort zone to find true happiness or at least just find comforti for sure thought id never make it to 25 , i thought i was going to end it all before the age of 25. but here i am , call it faith , call it resilience but i am here.thanks for taking the time to read did not think id make it here
hi, i am jen and i am 30 and writing personal farewell letters to my few friends, family and mom and i do not feel anything. have you ever cried, emotionless? like.. tears are just running out of your eyes, just like that? i am never officially diagnosed because i live in the netherlands and we have a waiting list that is huge. and i heard, that if you finally get help, they put you in group sessions to clean up the waiting lists. how to reach out for help when the whole system does not even work or takes it serious? i am not going to do group sessions where i am talking for 5 minutes and listening to strangers for the other 55. i got some sessions when i was still in school, but they were against my will and with some woman staring at the ceiling for an hour long. i also feel i do not even deserve help or that what i feel is not real or is just an exaggeration, because that is what i am told all my life. also, my mom calls me boring occasionally ' i was never really confident, although, i figured out how to mask it quite well from my late teens until my mid twenties. i kind of felt good or okay ish with this made up personality after being bullied in middle school for 4 years, but it was tiring. i started getting really bad in 2018 again my dad died in 2017 and my dog the year after , but i kept up a positive front, but going downhill on the inside the more time passed. covid completely tipped me over the edge..i guess.. idk.. i cannot take it anymore and i do not even know what the because is anymore of me being like this. i just feel so empty and hurt at the same time.at night i imagine myself slowly dying.. this is how i manage to fall asleep, because it feels comfortable imagining this is it, i am not waking up tomorrow . i punch myself in the head when i cannot fall asleep or when feelings become overwhelming, because i do not want to bother anyone with this, so i keep it to myself and take it out on myself. i can feel happy tho, but those are only short bursts of something that feels like happiness, because even that feels not real to me. they usually only last for an hour or so before i am back to this..ehh.. default state of mind ? i am so tired, but at the same time i feel as if i am being chased. i do not know what i am doing on this ball of dirt, i feel lost. i needed to get this off of my heart, i hope you are all safe just a scream in the void from a random stranger very long
for context, i am 22 years old going on 23. and these past 4 years have been taken away from me and continue to just wither away because of illnesses. when all i wanted was to live a life of peace. i never asked to be rich, never asked to be successful. i just wanted to be alone and happy to my own devices. but that is apparently too much to ask for. instead, i gained rare chronic illnesses that for whatever reason progresses and takes away pieces of my life. whilst also being underfunded whilst society does not give a shit about the unhealthy. i can now think about suicide like it is nothing, i am no longer afraid of death. it seems a lot more peaceful than what my life is now. visual snow syndrome that progresses and continues to become more severe for no apparent reason, afterimages that torture and fill up my vision both positive and negative. light sensitivity, warping you name it. it is supposed to become stable after 2 years, which seems like a lie considering it is only gotten worse for the past 4. then, there is tinnitus. i hear multiple 5 to 6 sounds spread across my ears, permanently. all different, some even sound reactant. hissing, ringing, morse code . and it never stops. and then to top it all off... hyperacusis that has gotten worse very recently. something that has taken me well over the edge of oh fuck it all . i was still considered strong prior to this funnily enough, so long as i had my music to escape and whatever vision i had to play videogames or watch movies etc, i will be fine i thought. then god once again fucked me, worsening something that only 0.6 ? of people on this earth has. sound sensitivity. it is fucking torture. i can no longer do or enjoy basic things that people use to escape a nightmare. everything, has been taken away from me. and i did not have much left. not only are two of these conditions considered rare, but they are underfunded by a society that does not give a fuck about unhealthy people. and then you see it on the news, two billionaires using money for flying out to space for shits n giggles. leaving you behind. which only results in demoralization that people like that can exist while everyday you wake up looking into a mirror as a broken husk. ending my life would be a genuine blessing. i have given up on both myself and society as a whole. just fuck this shitstain world. god is wanting me to suffer, my life is literally a nightmare
there is already such a large shift in emptiness, meaningless and depression now that we strive further and further from our biological instincts and goals. and it will only get worse with the constant races to create new larger than life technology. no matter how much technology we replace ourselves with there are still going to be repressed unfulfilled biological needs, until we replace our neurons with nanobots, digitally upload our brains and leave humanity as a thing of the past. i do not see how anyone desires it but from what i have seen transhumanists are becoming about as popular as anti industrialists. its so surreal to me because everything they describe as a dream sounds like a complete nightmare to me how they long to leave the violent, dirty, senselessness of humanity behind for a clean, robotically perfect utopia. i genuinely want to kms when i think of living in such a world. all the passions and struggles of humanity gone. not like it would ever happen, because clearly any utopia is impossible until we cure greed from the human mind. and looking at the world right now, the race for this tech can only result in a dystopia. we will dig ourselves deeper and deeper into mass depression, inescapable surveillance and alienation. i do not understand, we all know how depressed we get surrounded by tech for hours on end, we all know the detachment it causes, but we do jack shit about changing anything. every time some useless little technology comes out everyone rolls their eyes and then buys it, like with alexa especially. why? peer pressure? general lack of resistance? i do not get it. the only way to stop moneyhoarding technocrats is to stop buying shit you do not need, and because the sales to plummet. i know sure as hell when literal mindchips come out everyone will protest at first and then buy it. i fuckn hope not tho. i just wanted to experience humanity and i have barely even had a chance to do it. that is all i have ever wanted. i fucking hate it. the idea that humanity is something dirty and aggressive to be left in the past for godly perfection infuriates me. i fucking love the senseless human mind, not the ever increasing amount of people who already act like programmed robots sorting every little thing into a labeled box in their head. i feel like i am drowning whenever i think about this shit, i want to shoot myself i am fucking terrified of the singularity
my parents are manipulative and abusive pieces of shit. i am not a human with feelings to them. anytime i am not masking myself.. by acting polite and taking their bullshit with a smile across my face, i am being disrespectful. and all hell raises when i am not being perfectly kind and helpful. people yell and throw things, my parents cannot control themselves. i have very severe depression, severe anxiety, adhd and did. that contributes to not being so happy around others. my family does not know me. they do not want to know me. i just want to be someone to them, i want to be understood. i am just talked down on, i am forced to do everything i do not want to. my dad told me to kill myself. my mom does not care whether i live or die. its not like i am some nuisance you would see on the worlds strictest parents or whatever.. i do anything i can to stay away from my family. i barely talk. i overanalyze what i say and do, before and after i.. say or do anything. i am not just careless with what i say, i do not go out of my way to upset people. every day i am finding a reason to love and care for my family, but they do not love me. i do not know what i possibly could have done to be treated like this. did i not put the dishes up when i was told to? did i not clean up the living room before you got home? is that why you want me to kill myself? earlier today, i told my mom that i think about writing her a letter every day at this point, that i do not want to be here. i asked her what she would do if i died. all she did, was point out how disrespectful i am. how i do not pay bills, how i am inconsiderate. she does not care if i die. my whole search history is looking up lethal doses for whatever medication i have access to. i want to slit my throat at this point, nothing i have will because a quick death. but cutting my throat would be painful. i do not have a car, cannot take myself to a tall building. the stove will not put out enough carbon monoxide to kill me. i want someone to kill me. i mean, i am only 15, pretty young to have to feel like this. well, i am getting a car soon, ill be able to get out. but i do not have my license, i am stuck here for now. and that is too much. this is all pointless. i had therapy going, it was helping. until my mom decided she wanted weed and cut off my sessions. no one cares. no one fucking cares. my parents treat me like shit, i just want to die.
as the title says , i am done , i have fought my battles , i have lost every single one , fighting a war all alone , surrounded by my own demons , unlovable , undeserving of life , a waste of space , oxygen , food and other resources , a leech deserving of only the most painful of deaths . i am glad my friends did not reignite contact after i distanced because i was only dragging them down. my only regret is not doing it sooner . i fell for the it gets better scam , not again though . i am sorry i could not do more ma' , i know i said i will protect you forever.i am sorry grandpa , i know we joked about you living the day to pin stars on my shoulder tabs , but the only thing you will pin is my nametag before closing the casket .i am sorry grandma for wasting your time , you taught me how to read and write before i even attended school , you taught me english , you taught me how to cook , clean and take care of myself , only for all that to be wasted , you deserved a better grandson , i apologize .honestly i am not sorry dad , fuck you to be honest , you have hit mom so many times she is almost lost hearing in her left ear , but before i go i will take you down with me , for everyone you ever hurt , payback . i regret the night you started hitting mom , i regret not picking up my knife and ending you then and there , you would have deserved it.i am sorry to my headmaster , sorry madam , but although you spent many resources to save me you have done me more harm than good , just like everyone else who tried to help and understand me , i appreciate the effort , but this is the end for me. you and many others have told me one day ill find someone who understands me but you were all wrong , how can someone understand me when i cannot understand myself sometimes .i have completely lost trust and faith in everyone , i am not here for pity , the decision's been made for a long time but problems with the quarantine , unfinished business , loose ends i have to tie and not being able to go out past 2200 have put a halt to my plan to jump off a bridge , but now that the quarantine's been lifted i can get started on it again .on a slightly lighter note , i will try my best to make my last months enjoyable , and doing everything in my power to hurry the dying process in the meantime. optimistically i will be dead by fall , if i still have unfinished business i will die by the end of the year
heard my grandparents talk behind my back, why does not she ever go out, even x goes out and does this and that i only heard bits of their conversation but i also heard the word crazy in my native languageto think that i asked for help and my mom and grandma just brushed it off. i have been sick for what feels like a decade now and i am so sick of being sick, i just want to die.i got my diagnosis when my friends snuck me into therapy. the psychiatrist had to stop meeting me because he would lose his license if he did. a year or two later, i confessed to my grandma but she got mad because i told my friends. i do not know what i expected. she is always cared about her reputation the most. always bragged about me attending a nice school and getting nice grades. does not want a word of me being depressed going out and refuses to address it. my performance in school has started deteriorating, i am not sleeping and eating well. i asked for a break from school but i am not getting it. i am going to get dragged to school tomorrow for my college enrollment. have not settled my clearance and will most likely be waitlisted. a part of me did it intentionally out of spite and also, is there even a point anymore? i do not know if i can hold out for longer. i am at a point where i might kill myself any time. thinking is exhausting and i really wish that i would just do it already.whenever i got sick and had to be absent from school for a day or two, my grandma does not even ask me why or if i am alright. she is more concerned about the fact that i am absent from school. i could go on about how terrible of a person she is but you already get it.my family always says how grateful i should be because they fed me and gave me shelter. i fucking hate it so much. thanks, i was not aware that having children is so similar to having pets. although i would do so much more than food and shelter if i had a pet. everything hurts. i just woke up from a whole day's sleep and i just want to sleep again in the hopes that i will never wake up. the only thing i do whenever i am awake is cry anyway. my eyes hurt so much at this point.i am 18 already so i could go and meet a psychiatrist without needing my family's consent now. but i am so tired and i cannot function anymore.i hope my unhealthy lifestyle kills me soon. even suicide sounds so tiring. i am going back to sleep. asked for help but did not get it.
i do not even know what is wrong anymore, it is all just such a spiral and i do not know how to untangle this shitty mess. i am trans and cannot receive care because terf island shit and i ask too many questions about treatment or something idk the private healthcare facility i was going to go with just aired me. i feel like i cannot communicate with anyone and i do not know if i have undiagnosed autism or if i am just so socially anxious at this point after the last relationship i had 6 years ago called me a rapist and got me socially outcast by entire school including the faculty meaning they withdrew my mental health treatment and let me drown in my studies and blamed me for not pulling myself together but if i get angry at her i am violent so i definitely did it and if i do not then it must be true because no sane person would be okay with being called that. i had two guys try and beat on me as i was ordering drinks at my local for being a weird rapist freak and now i am banned for life for retaliating and everyone that was there definitely thinks its true. so i ran, i am in spain, and the anxiety followed me, and no one understands me small town, 70 english, everyone speaks it and i feel like people interpret any confidence as arrogance and my sorrow as pity seeking and i do not even know if my family believe me when i tell them it is not true. i tried anti anxiety medication but the uk crisis team are now adamant i am a junkie after i said the medication was not working and i needed something stronger, and the first batch they gave me ran out 3 weeks ago and i cannot get more because private health care is more than i can afford and i cannot keep nipping back to the uk like the flights will not cost me 150 especially after my work halfed my wages because i have been signed off for 4 months and they probably think i am just calling it in to get more out of them and i know that is not even everything because in amongst all of it i became a shitty person and have real deep regrets about pain and scars i have left people with because i could not deal with my own shit and its all so overwhelming and i cannot get anything together or talk about it with anyone because the best i can do is a stupid rollercoaster word salad that is wildly out of chronological order like this and i just want to press reset but that does not exist so maybe i should just follow the light webbed
i have always thought staying alive is the only purpose of my existence. other than that, i am nothing but another worthless piece of trash. my parents brought me to life because they wanted a happy life, so it is naturally wrong for me to kill myself since it is my responsibility to make them happy. life was easy when i was still young, because i did not have to worry about my future at all. but now, i am slowly turning into an adult. i do not know what i want to do, i do not know where i want to go, to be honest, i do not even want to know. school's getting tough, i cannot even do my best to take care of myself and make sure everything looks normal and okay on the outside anymore. i do not know what the fuck is wrong with me but i have been struggling so bad to act normal . i just hate myself so much and i do not even want to think about myself just the thought of me being happy and alive disgusts me, i seriously just want to stop being a human, want to stop existing, but i cannot. my parents are still alive, and i also have a few friends who often come to me when they need somebody to talk to. there was once when i told my friends that i was feeling extremely stressed for not being able to die even though i was struggling to live. they just laughed at me and said i was being so dramatic that they thought they were actually watching some emotional drama. well, it is probably because i am too childish and emotionally immature for my age, so it is not their fault at all for not being able to understand how i feel. i am just...so confused. how can i be happy and achieve my dreams like i am always told when everyday's been nothing but hell? i am so used to being judged for how i acted in front of people that i cannot even talk to anyone i know. nobody would take me seriously even if i told them i hurt myself physically to cope with guilt. i am just some worthless piece of garbage and a huge waste of my parents' time and effort. right now i just cannot seem to pull myself together at all. i am done ranting and it is time to tell myself to shut the fuck up. sorry for wasting your precious time to read this. i actually should have said thank you, because most people would not know how to respond to an apology and i will just end up causing trouble for people again. so, thank you for reading this! have a nice day i am not suicidal, i am just confused and have nowhere to vent
i have always thought staying alive is the only purpose of my existence. other than that, i am nothing but another worthless piece of trash. my parents brought me to life because they wanted a happy life, so it is naturally wrong for me to kill myself since it is my responsibility to make them happy. life was easy when i was still young, because i did not have to worry about my future at all. but now, i am slowly turning into an adult. i do not know what i want to do, i do not know where i want to go, to be honest, i do not even want to know. school's getting tough, i cannot even do my best to take care of myself and make sure everything looks normal and okay on the outside anymore. i do not know what the fuck is wrong with me but i have been struggling so bad to act normal. i just hate myself so much and i do not even want to think about myself just the thought of me being happy and alive disgusts me, i seriously just want to stop being a human, want to stop existing, but i cannot. my parents are still alive, and i also have a few friends who often come to me when they need somebody to talk to. there was once when i told my friends that i was feeling extremely stressed for not being able to die even though i was struggling to live. they just laughed at me and said i was being so dramatic that they thought they were actually watching some emotional drama. well, it is probably because i am too childish and emotionally immature for my age, so it is not their fault at all for not being able to understand how i feel. i am just...so confused. how can i be happy and achieve my dreams like i am always told when everyday's been nothing but hell? i am so used to being judged for how i acted in front of people that i cannot even talk to anyone i know. nobody would take me seriously even if i told them i hurt myself physically to cope with guilt. i am just some worthless piece of garbage and a huge waste of my parents' time and effort. right now i just cannot seem to pull myself together at all. i am done ranting and it is time to tell myself to shut the fuck up. sorry for wasting your precious time to read this. i actually should have said thank you, because most people would not know how to respond to an apology and i will just end up causing trouble for people again. so, thank you for reading this! have a nice day i am not suicidal, i am just confused and have nowhere to vent
i have been having a very difficult 8 months, in all the ways possible and had been contemplating taking my life for basically the entire time. it is not something i have really talked to many people about, and had been working to see a therapist as soon as possible, but have been having issues thanks to insurance. i kept telling myself if i feel this way in 3 months, then i will look into my options to end the pain. and 3 months came and went, and i still felt that way. 6 months passed and i would find myself laying in my bed with tears in my eyes, watching the latest news of how humanity is destroying itself and wishing i was not alive. 8 months went by in a depressive fog and i continued trying to give myself hope for a future, with very little luck. it has felt like despite trying to do everything right, nothing has gone right or even slightly in my favor. this morning i felt the urge to end my life stronger than i have felt in my adult life. in a puddle of tears, contemplating how to take my life i asked myself what am i even living for anymore? and my phone rang. my phone id showed the caller was my beloved sister who i have not talked to in months. i could not bring myself to tell her my mental struggles, but hearing her voice saved me. and without knowing what i was going through, she delivered the words i needed to hear most. she gave me hope again when i felt it was all but lost. from one sad heart to another, please do not give up hope. the people who love you would miss you more than could be put into words. i know this bc i have survived many suicides in my life and each one hurt in ways i still have not been able to fully process. it may feel rough today, tomorrow, and possibly for years to come. but it does get better. just remind yourself that you can do hard things, even if the hard thing is an internal battle with yourself. but if you give up that fight you do not end the pain, you just gift the pain to anyone who has ever loved you.my only advice is do not struggle alone, it makes everything so much harder. call someone, anyone you know that cares, call a crisis hotline, write an anonymous post, go do something you love, try something new, but especially treat yourself with kindness. you are not required to be happy every second of every day of your life. you are human, and the human experience is a messy one. so, be messy, love. do not lose hope.
that is it really. i am on my last legs here and i do not know what is dumb and what is not. i am trans and i know i will never be able to come out of the closet but when i think about it even if i could what would that change? i blocked a bunch of my friends recently and plan to go back but am worried that is ruined forever with some of them and am kind of resigned to it. i understand if they do not forgive me. i was upset by something one of them said, i was upset at myself. they just asked me kindly not to make a certain kind of comment and i had a meltdown. i wanted to hurt myself so bad but i just got out of a therapy session about not doing that and it stuck in my head. i did not but i am not proud of it. i do not feel any better or good about it at all. i felt like i still needed to do something rash hence the blocking. i was so happy before and in a split second, i have crumbled to this familiar bullshit. i got out of a cult recently that my family remains firmly in, hence the fear of them. i cannot cut ties with them though, i do not want to. they are not bad people. i know they will never stop loving me no matter what and a lot of them suffer from the same things as me, depression and suicidal tendencies, they have kept me alive this long. i do not want to die. god, i do not fucking care if i live or not. i just do not see any other options. i have been doing okay with just hurting myself and am trying to balance stopping that without falling into suicide attempts. i feel like i have got to reach a certain level of fucked up before anyone will or should bother to help me. i want to be as pathetic as possible because if i get better people will stop being so careful when i still need it as much as they can offer. my throat is incredibly swollen right now from an illness. my friends made me care. i did not want them to miss me, i love them. i do not care right now. i am angry at them because i cannot afford to be angry at myself anymore. i would not survive it. i can either be an unpleasant, maybe even bad, person or a dead man. i do not want to die, but i do not believe i have a solution and i really would not care if i dropped dead right now. i do not want to kill myself, i could never stab or poison my body, but if i just stepped in front of a train or off a cliff i think that would be nice. i need someone to tell me i should not kill or maim myself
i have been in a very toxic relationship where i was the toxic one for the majority. i have been the toxic person in most relationships and now everything is haunting me. even if he were to forgive me. i will not be able to forgive myself. killing myself seems like the easy and cowardly way out. i am currently going to therapy. that has not helped. i thought i had changed over the past few months but i have not. what is the point of doing small little goods when you cue it with a massive fuck up.i cannot go around blaming myself everyday. i cannot fight it. i cannot fight any of it. please let me die. please someone help me die.a diary entry i wrote yesterday.i go to sleep. dream of having you around again?lies. how can a person who lies to themselves ever call their self honest.i want to die. i cannot do this. i do not want to live this time around. i do not want to fight it. i do not i am not even thinking of why we broke up, its just all gone. againand againi hate myself. you were right. i am disgusting. i do not have it in me to fix myself. i just wish i could make you forget me. that i would somehow just go extinct. like i never existed. like we never met. lije i never hurt you. what is my existence worth now? what drives me? what am i supposed to prove? what am i supposed to save? there is nothing left. nothing of my own. rather nothing that i want to own. i do not want those actions to be mine. i do not want the responsibility to be mine. id rather die. i want to die. but i cannot. i cannot hurt you anymore. even dying is selfish right now. i end my own suffering and then what?i hate myself i hate myself ugh i want to rip my skin away. no that is not enough. i want to be decimated till my very last quark. i love you i love you i loved you. why why whytheres not even a struggle to call mine. i have nothing. nothing. there is no one else to blame for any of this. i hate myself but is not this a kind of self pity too? some kind of self preservation i do not want it. do not need it. i want to perish. just rot away. be forgotte. ill take these memories with me to the grave. i do not want to forget any of this. but i do not want to exist for any one else beyond this. i am sorry. everything still sounds empty. i do not have my words either. i do not have my voices everything just feels like it was supposed to be yours and i defiled it i am tired of fighting it
i have struggled with these thoughs for more than four yeas, but i was able to distract myself from them. i was helped by my friends, by my hobbies, even by studies. anyone knew then and anyone knows now that i have these things in mind, but they used to help me to keep on going even without noticing it. nonetheless, during last year lockdown, i started to lose the capacity of distracting. everything became tasteless, anything had the capacity to make laugh, to make me happy even for a flashing moment. then, when lockdown ended, i did not want to go out. i avoided my friends, my family, i went to class only because i felt like i had to, but there i did not speak to anyone, neither to my closest friends. in those times my mind also felt in anorexia. i lost a lot of pounds, i weighted myself every day and i lived each moment of the day trying to burn calories trying to feel safe, to feel that i was no getting fat. my fears locked me in a constant state of worry. now i am not worry about these things. i have gained weight, but i have an unestoppable need to eat more and more. it is because i do not find pleasure in anything besides the infimous pleasure in sweets. my hobbies, my friends, my family, everything still being tasteless and anything deserve the effort to get me out of my bed. i do go out now, but it is because i am seeking something that awekens me from the void. now there is no reason why i should feel bad about my life. i have a lovely friends, a lovely partner, a lovely brother, a promising future, but none of these make me feel better when i have to be alone in my room. then i just want to feel something so i start to eat and eat looking for some kind of pleasure. i am afraid of these paterns and where will they lead me, but it is worse the fear of never being able to be alright again, to feel full filled again. it is not sadness, it is just a void. i think that this will last as long as i breathe. i just want to feel myself alive, but it seems unreachable. ending all is maybe the best option. i only have to seek the bravery to do it. pd if you have read until here, thank you. i wrote because the need to tell someone is raising in me and i do not want to talk it to anyo of my near loveones. i do not want to worry them with these things as i do not hink that i will have the bravery to do it. even though, thank you. seeking sudden bravery
is it even worth it? i am 20 yrs old and my dad died when i was 3, ever since i have had some of the worst step dads. one of them basically ran sacked my mom of every penny she got from my dads life insurance and then cheated on her for 2 years before she found out. i have had a couple more since him, but now my step dad of 5 years lost his job because hes an opioid addict. he was a pharmacist and got fired because he was stealing pills at work to crush up and snort, he only lost his job a couple of months ago and his doctor put him on anti depressants and what not to help him. so about a week ago i walk through his room to get downstairs have to go through the room and find 3 4s of his pills smashed up on a desk and a pen caked on the inside with powder obvs his prescription pills and him lying on the bed zooted out. so obviously i call my mom and send her pictures of what i saw. within the next couple of days my mom and grandma proceed to blame me for this whole situation, saying i am only doing this because i need an outlet for my problems and i am putting them on my step dad, saying that i should just move out of the house and make it easier fo everyone and that i am useless around the house anyways. this whole time i was just worries because my moms boyfriend step dad never called him that in my life so is sniffing his pain killers and anti depressants, and could easily over dose but no every one in my family is cool with it as long as his doctor gave them to him, like am i the only one who thinks that is fucked up? and just confused how me showing concern for a guy i have never gave a shit about anyways is back firing on me and i am the bad guy? hes snorting pain killers and no one in my family even cares because there prescribed to him? am i delusional to think that is fucked up? anyways i have been contemplating suicide for a good year now for multiple reason this sort of the cherry on top, thought multiple different ways of how to do it and where, just cannot seem to chose one. i have really had enough i do not give a fuck about anything anymore really, and literally everything is always my fault, even when its comes to me worrying about my moms boyfriend over dosing some how its my fault. at this point i rather end it all and go be with my biological father up in the clouds, as i never really knew him or had anything to remember him by.
so i am in my 30s cptsd pretty much every single symptom of thatchildhood neglect childhood abuse be molested as a kid and they grew up to be raped and physically abused and drugged i have been beat up by a boyfriend all that crap.so here i am i told my mom last week that i am not going to make it to the end of the year. i am not getting the proper help i can only see counsellor once a week and her advice for that was to find a psychologist that she would pay for once a month..... last time i was in the hospital they said my cptsd is critical and i need like the life saving help.so last week told my mom i need something more something impatient something where i can actually heal if you forgive me the right treatment. her advice was basically stopped being a little bitch and just go back to the 24 hour hold.then i called her 30 days ago and said i cannot fucking do this i am going to kill myself and i do not want to but i need like intense intervention right now or i am going to lose my fight.her response was i do not know what to do but should i call the police on you......now 2 days after which is now today, she calls me and leaves a voicemail cuz i was on the phone with two other lines already like one was i was on hold and the other one was actively like having a conversation. she send s this sulky guilt trippy fake i care about you i really need to know how you are doing' so i actually tried to call back because there is not maybe she wanted to finally help me. 6 hours later she finally picks up and says you know i have friends and people and places to be you do not need to be calling me all the time. and i said yeah like always there is always something before me. and then i told her i figured out the trip that she takes quite often is hours shorter than a drive to me..... so why have not you showed up.she says i do not have an answer i cannot talk to you right now you are always being an hassle and hung upso in case i was not feeling it desperate as soon as i am before...... i just i got you kitten thinking it could be something to look for. but i am dying i cannot feel it i have not done anything that i just.. you know when your time is coming and i am trying my best to hold on but everybody pries my fingers off. i just need to figure out who i give trust with my cat because she deserves the best and then my time's up times almost up
i have wrestled with being suicidal for a long time now. my life is in shambles and i am disabled physically and with mental health issues to such an extent that i am a burden on several people. i thought therapy would help, and it has...but when i explained my suicide plan for if i should ever decide its time to die to my therapist and he said that he would stick with me and be supportive regardless of what path i choose and complimented me on having a very responsible and well thought out plan.now i feel like i have no good reason to exist and that i must be really fucked up if a medical professional, who is supposed to stop people from killing themselves, would be supportive . what does that even mean? am i misunderstanding what someone could mean by saying they would be supportive of suicide? this is not some super green shrink either. he has over 40 years experience, is considered the best care available locally, and specializes in working with people who have severe mental health issues and physical limitations. he even said that if i was able to go th route of physician assisted suicide he would even come be with me for my final farewell if i wanted him to. is there a point where you cross a line and suicide becomes understandable or even expected? i feel like i have worn out life's welcome. i fight so hard to hang on and many days just not killing myself is an accomplishment. this feels like a blow, it has leveled me. i am in therapy to try and find reasons and ways to hang on and this just feels like permission and encouragement to let go. like it is not ok for healthy people to be suicidal but if a disabled person is everyone is all in? my family thinks i should wait till my mom dies as to not put her through it , find a home for my daughter, and then throw a big farewell party and die before my kid is old enough to remember me. i only have my mom and one friend who are not super supportive of me dieing. one of my aunts even offered to send me on a vacation if i wanted to go somewhere special to do it. it is hard to feel like there is hope or help out there when i express struggling with being suicidal and instead of offering support and assistance to keep living people have opinions and support about the logistics of how, when, and where i should die. even my therapist says he will be supportive if i choose to kill myself.
i am sorry to the many people i have hurt who will feel a little bit of relief knowing that i am gone. i am sorry for the grief i am leaving my friends who i have tricked into believing that i am a person worth saving. i am not. the last thing i want is for my wonderful parents to blame themselves. they did everything right. every time you showed me love and kindness was only a reminder that i did not deserve it. all the time and money you have wasted on me, all the talents and penchants you thought you saw in me, weigh on me like cement blocks because none of it will matter in the end. i am a bad investment. do not think you did not offer help, you did, and i refused it over and over because in the end i do not want to get better, because i deserve to die from the rot that eats away at my brain and poisons my thoughts. my memory is fading. all i can remember is hurting people and hurting myself. its exhausting. i wish you could understand that this is the one thing that i have wanted more than anything else. its not just some sick dream, its my only way out. it does not matter if i am having a good day or not, that itch that is omnipresent and grows stronger every single day. i am trapped in a box with all my mistakes and shortcomings and my time in it is coming to a close. i love you two more than anything. you can hate me forever but please do not fault yourselves, despite what you may feel, there was ultimately nothing you could have done.i am so sorry to my sister, who is everything i am not and want to be. i am sorry for leaving a hole behind that you need to work to fill, it would have been easier for everyone had i never existed at all but i promise you are more than strong enough to move forward. you are becoming such a smart, capable and compassionate person. i am so proud of all the things you have not even done yet. do not worry so much about the logistics of the path to happiness love yourself, the people, and things that actually make you happy, and the less important parts will fall into place. i always thought i would just leave without a word, but you know enough about the losing battle in my mind that you deserve some semblance of an explanation. i am so sorry, for everything. i am sorry i did not do this earlier, i am sorry i am doing it at all. i am sorry i am not the man you wanted your son to become. my note
weird vent idk i am confused .ill probably sound dumb but everything made sense when i was homeless and addicted it was scary and painful but it made sense to me i knew what to do even if all i knew was just hiding my pain and hoping to die but now that everything is meant to be finally coming together in my life i do not think i am happy still . its stupid i have been miserable for years but this feels different , i used to hate myself because i did not look right or fit in or get social settings and i flunked everything i tried and ended up just washed up high and being a waste of time . but now i know i should be happy ? but i am not . i got into to college , i have supportive friends and even a bf , i am moving into a new place soon , i have got a job . but now more than ever i feel like i am just right back at the edge like i cannot cope with any of it . i do not even hate myself anymore , i do not even dislike my self mostly but i have such fear and dread for every moment of every day ,every piece of expectation every every moment to come like my hearts palpitating at evening being awake . i am just not sure what to do or if i can even cope like i have thoughts all the times of just letting go again or disappearing or even ending myself because i just do not think i can do it ? like even on meds from my doctor and i am still thinking like this . i am closed off like i cannot talk even if i wanted too and i desperately want to get out of this fear but i cannot and i am too scared of everyone around me even the people who love me to try and talk about it . anyway i am rambling but i guess my point is , if this is when its meant to be good ? and its just painful and scary to me even tho its the best i have ever had . will i ever find peace ? or will i just have to just keep pretending and struggling through it ? its just whatever anything happens my mind always goes to the idea of jumping and being free . fixing my life has left me more scared to be alive than ever before and i do not know if i can do it ? i just want it all to stop and i know i should not but i have occasionally started skipping meds so i can re self medicate on my own time and i have been hiding that too . idk its dumb like i said . anyway ill not keep this up long as its a badly written embarrassing mess , thanks for taking the time tho . struggling still
i 17m cannot keep fighting i have been fighting for a long time i do not remember how long i have been having my problems, but i simply cannot hold on anymore.today for the first day in 17 years my alcoholic father threatened to hit me just because i told kim that nobody could stand being around him when he was drunk and that he should be an adult for the first time in his life and change that.i cannot describe how awful i feel after hearing him call me an idiot several times and threatening me.i have always felt that i am a disappointment to everyone, specially him.he always called me useless, idiot, lazy and many other things, and it always felt like i was the son he never wanted, but what happened today simply makes me want to run away, or end it all.i also feel like i disappoint my mother, specially when talking about school ever since my depression started i have struggled to concentrate and work in even those subjects i like, and every time we talk about high school i feel like a burden, a disappointment, just because i am not the gifted child they were used to.my sister is another problem, sometimes it feels like everything is alright, but others she treats me like i annoy her, like she does not care about me.another problem i have is that i feel like i do not belong anywhere, not even with those friends i consider my brothers from other mothers and even though i have gone through several groups of friends i never manage to feel like i belong, like they truly care or even like me.i just feel so alone, so lost, i want this pain to end, i want to stop feeling like a burden to everyone else.every time i have the knife in my hands i cannot bring myself to end everything, i just cut my arms and swallow the pain today it was different, not even the cuts helped me to deal with the pain, no matter how many times i did it, or how deep they were, the feeling just did not go away.i really want to push the blade through my chest, or simply slash my veins, but i am afraid, afraid of what is next, afraid of hurting my mom and my sister, afraid of leaving them alone with my stupid father. i just cannot get enough courage to do it.sorry for bad english, it is not my native language and feeling this way does not help with writingi just needed to get that out of my chest, so.. thanks for listening kind strangers i cannot go on anymore
my neighbor invited me to their block party. a big problem for me is feeling like everyone hates me. i live in the south and i am middle eastern, so most intersections i have with strangers are negative. i work in retail and wether or not i am working i get antagonized by random white people over the age of 30 everywhere i go. i mind my own business. one tim i had a gun still in the holster flashed at me in a cvs because i asked an old man if the wart remover he was holding worked or not. my dads an egomaniac so i cannot talk to him about it he just cares about being right in his mind he has to win every conversation he has so its always my fault. well anyways i decided to get out of my she will a bit and try to be friendly so i baked some baklava, made three different kind of dips, made homemade chips, and went to the party. i worked out beforehand, made sure i looked nice, then went to bring the food to the party. no surprise but everyone was the typical middle class urburban type, and i felt like rector was staruing at me. i waved at a lady who was really staring and she just turned away. ok, whatever. say hello to the kids playing in the driveway, they say hi sheepishly but no adult wanted to talk to me. i set the dip down tried to start a convo with some of the dads standing around, nothing but the cold shoulder. so now i am just home with some leftover baklava and dip. is it my fault for only giving them like 15 minutes? i really tried guys i am an introvert but i tried so hard and it was so awkward. i felt like an alien everyone was looking at me studying me and no one wanted to talk to me. i might be looking too much into it but one guy i think actually walked all the way around the little tent table thing to avoid me, i only say that because it would have been wayyyyy quicker to walk past me. he half stepped in trees and bushes. idk. i know this is pathetic but i cannot help but feel so alone. i know i need to move north but its hard because were so poor and i do not have any family or friends besides my dad. thanks for reading, no one cares i am sorry i am just at the end of my rope here. i do not have an infinite amount of patience, how many times do i have to put myself out there only to get rejected. actually went my neighbors block party, spent all night making dip and baklava, now i am eating it alone.
i was a normal good looking guy teen.not bragging not like i was a playa or anything but my looks was not a concern. i had active social life and would do things without thinking going parties, nights out, friends etc.of course lockdown now but this been a few years.in early 20s i notice my hair falling out. i started using sun beds and tanning without suncream because i thought it i go bald i need look dark as white people look sick when bald.my idea was to burn my skin so it is permanently dark.fast forward a few years not only is my once luxiourios long thick hair half disappeared my face looks like a burns victim. i stopped the sun bathing due to this this my skin is white anyway the irony but all saggy and scarred qnd aged. fant even hide it with my long hair as i have no long hair so my face is fully visible now. so combine this with my thin receding hair i have gone from looking like a boy band teen to i am going to some hideous creature.when we people take pics when i have to go out work or family etc restarts they always upload pics without me. the ones with me do not go on facebook etc...it is obvious they do not want my fuked up face on social media and i do not blame them.now the issue as a result before covid i avoid everything. no spontaneous life anymore. going out for 2 or 3 days in a row. random parties or nights out. i just became a recluse.i need to always carry or wear a hat i couosnt dare sleep over some place now. i live in constant fear over my looks.i hoped lockdown would make me feel less missing out as everyone same boat and time to avoid sun use creams fix my skin improve diet hope hair improve.but over 18 months my hair is worse and face not look any better.well nobody is going out anyway with covid round here but i still feel my life is fuked because i had it all.i looked normal and had social fun life now i am just constant obsessing and looking mirror qns almost crying.i cannot even look mirror anymore to soul destroying only in dim lights.i cannot believe only some years ago my skin was perfect and hair amazing long.of course hair loss can happen but i see people grandparents with still nice skin so that is all my stupid fault qnd cannot improve it.depresses me every day.i eat well workout in good shape i gueas etc but all seems pointless is it stupid to be suicidal due to appearance
i was a normal good looking guy teen.not bragging not like i was a playa or anything but my looks was not a concern. i had active social life and would do things without thinking going parties, nights out, friends etc.of course lockdown now but this been a few years.in early 20s i notice my hair falling out. i started using sun beds and tanning without suncream because i thought it i go bald i need look dark as white people look sick when bald.my idea was to burn my skin so it is permanently dark.fast forward a few years not only is my once luxiourios long thick hair half disappeared my face looks like a burns victim. i stopped the sun bathing due to this this my skin is white anyway the irony but all saggy and scarred qnd aged. fant even hide it with my long hair as i have no long hair so my face is fully visible now. so combine this with my thin receding hair i have gone from looking like a boy band teen to i am going to some hideous creature.when we people take pics when i have to go out work or family etc restarts they always upload pics without me. the ones with me do not go on facebook etc...it is obvious they do not want my fuked up face on social media and i do not blame them.now the issue as a result before covid i avoid everything. no spontaneous life anymore. going out for 2 or 3 days in a row. random parties or nights out. i just became a recluse.i need to always carry or wear a hat i couosnt dare sleep over some place now. i live in constant fear over my looks.i hoped lockdown would make me feel less missing out as everyone same boat and time to avoid sun use creams fix my skin improve diet hope hair improve.but over 18 months my hair is worse and face not look any better.well nobody is going out anyway with covid round here but i still feel my life is fuked because i had it all.i looked normal and had social fun life now i am just constant obsessing and looking mirror qns almost crying.i cannot even look mirror anymore to soul destroying only in dim lights.i cannot believe only some years ago my skin was perfect and hair amazing long.of course hair loss can happen but i see people grandparents with still nice skin so that is all my stupid fault qnd cannot improve it.depresses me every day.i eat well workout in good shape i gueas etc but all seems pointless is it stupid to be suicidal due to appearance
i am 17 and i have been depressed for almost as long as i can really remember. my last truly happy memory was probably when i was 5 and its laughably simple just laying between my parents in bed as the weather played on an old tv. a couple years ago my last grandpa died and i felt nothing at all. it made me feel gross that i did not.this year i told my doctor i was depressed and wanted to die. they gave me a therapist and medication. i have only ever lied to my therapist since. i have told my doctor all medications i have taken feel like placebos and do absolutely nothing except give me erectile disfunction, this is the only true thing i have said. in the last few months things have really gotten worse. my only really close friend that i would have done anything for just stopped wanting to hangout. i have been planning on bringing him backpacking and rowing and every single time despite expressing interest pulls out at the last second and it really hurts me because i love them and want to do things. then my boyfriend, the only person i have genuinely felt was the one for me, just stopped talking to me never officially breaking up but every time i try to talk to him he either goes quiet or gets irritable. it hurts so much because i love him so much and i genuinely wanted to spend the rest of my life with him and he had expressed that he felt similarly. and as of a month ago i have not a single friend. i have not really talked to anyone in a long while.then this week my grandma died and again i felt nothing despite having seen her the most out of my grandparents. i feel like i am a selfish monster to not feel anything when my family dies but be so torn up when everyone else leaves. i just feel like i do not belong here. i just want to reset it all. i have planned on killing myself before and just could not go though with it that feeling of wanting to die never left i just cannot do it myself. i just wish id die in some accident or something. ill never be normal . i cannot even look at myself in the mirror without wanting to rip my face off. i cannot even think without wanting to tear my brain out because of shear regret that i cannot just have a second chance. i hate myself and i do not even know why. i just want to close my eyes and never wake up. i do not have anywhere else to go and i just need someone to talk to
i am 17 and i have been depressed for almost as long as i can really remember. my last truly happy memory was probably when i was 5 and its laughably simple just laying between my parents in bed as the weather played on an old tv. a couple years ago my last grandpa died and i felt nothing at all. it made me feel gross that i did not.this year i told my doctor i was depressed and wanted to die. they gave me a therapist and medication. i have only ever lied to my therapist since. i have told my doctor all medications i have taken feel like placebos and do absolutely nothing except give me erectile disfunction, this is the only true thing i have said. in the last few months things have really gotten worse. my only really close friend that i would have done anything for just stopped wanting to hangout. i have been planning on bringing him backpacking and rowing and every single time despite expressing interest pulls out at the last second and it really hurts me because i love them and want to do things. then my boyfriend, the only person i have genuinely felt was the one for me, just stopped talking to me never officially breaking up but every time i try to talk to him he either goes quiet or gets irritable. it hurts so much because i love him so much and i genuinely wanted to spend the rest of my life with him and he had expressed that he felt similarly. and as of a month ago i have not a single friend. i have not really talked to anyone in a long while.then this week my grandma died and again i felt nothing despite having seen her the most out of my grandparents. i feel like i am a selfish monster to not feel anything when my family dies but be so torn up when everyone else leaves. i just feel like i do not belong here. i just want to reset it all. i have planned on killing myself before and just could not go though with it that feeling of wanting to die never left i just cannot do it myself. i just wish id die in some accident or something. ill never be normal. i cannot even look at myself in the mirror without wanting to rip my face off. i cannot even think without wanting to tear my brain out because of shear regret that i cannot just have a second chance. i hate myself and i do not even know why. i just want to close my eyes and never wake up. i do not have anywhere else to go and i just need someone to talk to
so this is a post that i have been meaning to make for a while. i suppose you could call this an adjustment disorder. i realize now that the career i so loved is not going to work out for me.and it is too late to reasonably switch.i have been looking at the balcony recently more and more. there are people working outside so it would not be a good time to make the move now. what do i tell my family? my friends? do i just say goodbye? tell them how much i appreciated their love and kindness? there are days where i have felt good recently, but it is fleeting. i have literally failed badly in the prior weeks due to this depression in my residency, effectively closing the door on a subspecialty i think i would have enjoyed. now i am stuck likely not going to get a job in an area or in a hospital that i will remotely enjoy. after a decade and a half of my life, 12 14 hour days and intense, emotional stress. this is it.i supposed i should be grateful. i do have a loving family. a loving girlfriend. my best friend lives in vancouver, he checks in from time to time. my sister recently visited and it was very nice seeing her.i did a trial of therapy. she gave me breathing exercises and some cbt to help cope with these negative thoughts. however, at the end of the day, none of that is going to change the situation i am in. i could have had so much more. i will always think that in the back of my mind at work. i know this about myself. it is going to drive me crazy. i gave up so much to be where i am at today. i supposed this is a spoiled, comparative mindset that is truly unhealthy. i should be glad to be making a top income in the us. i have the ability to subspecialize and impact people's lives in a nice way. but i fucked up. royally.this is not a goodbye. i know i will likely not end it today. but i will give it a few months, i do not see this lasting long for me. probably not a good idea to post this to my main account so i will move this to my throwaway from years ago.thanks for reading. i have not felt anything positive in a long time. feels like there is a weight attached to my eyelids and it is hard to truly feel. i love my girlfriend, i love my family, my dog, my friends. i truly do. but i cannot feel it. i cannot feel anything in the past few weeks to months. it is hard to keep going like this. physician suicide
i am 20f. was born extremely premature, underdeveloped and have never recovered. i am the product of an abusive parent, both emotionally and physically. i had barely any friends growing up, and was severely bullied. i truly hate myself inside and outi have been abused and bullied by every teacher, boss and anyone who has held power over me. they enjoy it. i have no attention span and have never had any desire to do well in school, on top of that i have severe dyscalculia and many learning disabilities. i cannot even do simple math. i feel as though i am not human , everyone around me gets to be happy and gets everything they want and i get nothing. ever. i have never gotten anything. my best friend is perfect. she is rich, attractive, smart, athletic and always has a boyfriend. she always talks about how lucky she is and she feels bad about me being so unlucky. she torments me about it. i cannot take it. therapy and medication does not work. i recently moved across the country with my family, away from my hometown. so now i have no friends. none at all. and its impossible for me to make them. in college, i have only one friend. everyone finds me weird. i hate talking to people. the only thing i enjoy is being in my room alone. i have severe health anxiety because i am convinced my body is not normal and does not work like an actual humans body, mixed with extremely bad luck. i have never had a serious relationship, every guy leaves even though i hide my issues extremely well. never had a relationship end without ghosting. i have accepted i will end up alone because i am not normal or even human. i am home from college for the summer. i scream and yell at my family everyday, i am ruining their lives. they have come to hate me. i do not blame them. i cannot help it, i am so jealous of their normal sane lives. my dog is scared of me because i scream so much. i had only one talent and that was singing. i had a beautiful singing voice and i was a music major in college. it was all i had. i now can no longer sing because of the screaming. i imagine the damage is permanent and ill never be able to sing again. i barely get out of bed. my room is a mess. i cannot get out of the house to get a job. i absolutely hate myself. i cannot take much more. i just need support. has anyone else felt like this before? need to rant
i have attempted several times myself. each of my siblings has attempted. my eldest brother completed just before his 40th birthday 13 years ago. i am now 40. i first attempted when i was 14. i was fed up with my self loathing at a very early age. i took a number of painkillers and only succeeded in making myself violently ill from every orifice. after seeing what i had done. my mother told me to get up and go to school. i did not attempt again until my wife left me a little over a year ago. this time i tried to gang myself with a belt in my workshop but some friends had recognized my despondent language and called the police who interrupted me mid attempt. i was taken to a psychiatric facility for the first time. i proceeded to undergo loads of one on one abd group therapy. but i spent my evenings consuming lots of drugs and alcohol and entering various entanglements with several women over the next year. nothing truly serious until i met someone who shared a first name with my wife. it took me several months to approach her but we fell fast once i did. it was a quick and tumultuous relationship that ended with me not wanting to subject another to my anxiety, paranoia and abandonment issues. i broke it off but not before a week of incredibly self destructive behavior culminating in some sever self harm that she ended up sharing with lots of mutual friends on facebook. plenty of people came to my defense but i still believed my life was over as my mental illness was on public display now. my suicidal thoughts became overwhelming but i had the wherewithal to check myself into a hospital before doing something drastic. fast forward a month later and a after a tap on my shoulder at a bar i turn around to the most gorgeous smile i have ever seen. uncharacteristically i made it known i had to know this woman. i ignored everything id been telling myself about not getting involved seriously again and we fell even harder and faster then i have ever had before. but i have done it again. i have sabotaged yet another wonderful thing with words intended to destroy utterly. i cannot keep doing this but i dread being alone at the same time. i do not want to hurt myself at this particular moment. but i know its only a matter of time and or booze before it takes ahold again. please help. tired of subjecting others to myself
i have been completely sober for 12 days now. no weed, no alcohol, no nicotine. and no porn and while its been one of the hardest things for me to do, i think its helping. it forces me to deal with the heavy emptiness i feel inside head on. and the pain has been getting so bad that its forcing me to do things, just anything to deal with it. like working out a little, playing video games, music, and even talking to my self, in depth, about how terrible i feel all the time.and i have been getting better.i never felt so hopeless that i have for the past 3 years of my life and i have felt like i have stared into the abyss and what i have seen could not be unseen.and while i am still far from doing good,i am considerably better, and i plan to continue.2 things i want to touch on that have been good for me.1, is videogames.i used to love playing games, but these past few years, they have felt more like chores than fun. more distraction than happiness. but the fact that i am actively playing again and even getting a bit excited about the games i am playing and going to play is huge for me.2 is talking to myself.i have been going through a major existential crisis for a while now that has been getting worse and worse to the point where i felt like all words were nothing but meaningless lies in a sad attempt to make us feel better in an endless pit of chaos that is our reality.but i have gotten to the point where even if that is true, i do not care anymore. atleast not as much. and i have been talking as though i were my own therapist, and going in depth about how i feel, memories i have, dreams, ect, so forth. and i have had 3 emotional breakdowns in the past week and a half. each one filled with tears.and i seriously think its helping.i am still trying to get my passion for music back, but i am listening more actively and even finding myself enjoying music again time from time.you guys have no idea how much that means for me. anyways, i just wanted to share, i diddnt know where else to. and i hope this can serve as a beacon for anyone who feels lost, because trust me.. i get it. i may not understand your specific pain, but i do understand pain. and hopelessness. and feeling like you are in an inescapable prison filled with insanity that feeds it self endlessly. maybe there is hope. lt 3 feeling hopeful again
everything was so sudden that it left me in shock and pure grief. we were so happy together during those few months of being together and i have never felt so deeply connected with anyone. we did not even have much in common besides what we value in a relationship and yet we still clicked very easily and instantly fell in love. we have spent our time working on ourselves way before we even met that is why we thought we were ready. it was a healthy and mature relationship. she ended things between us because our mental health has recently affected our relationship. i guess we have not finished learning yet. i tried to convince her to stay but i knew she was right about us having to go our separate ways to be able to work on ourselves so i eventually agreed. i knew this girl was not the kind to change her mind and was always firm about everything. however, she was also insistent about us moving on completely, even from the love we have for each other. i have been in longer relationships before, but this one hurt the most. i have had my heart broken before but i always knew i could pull through and i did. this one, though, i do not think i can. for the first time in my life i genuinely feel that not existing at all is better than going through all this pain. i do not think i can go on with my life knowing that i could probably never have her again. she sounded so sure about not wanting to try things with me ever again because she believed we should really move on to the next chapterand this makes me feel really hopeless, like i have no purpose to continue with my life anymore. she is open to the idea of us being brought back together again, but this gives me little to no hope because i do not think she really wants us to be. i do not get it. everything is so much painful knowing that we only ended because we met at the wrong time. i could have been more eager to move forward if she were manipulative or abusive, but no. she was the most selfless, loyal, and genuine person i have ever come across. its hard that i cannot have her anymore.every time i close my eyes i think about ending my life. every time i wake up my first thought would either be her or me being dead. i mostly think about the latter.i just love her so much and i do not think i can go on without her. the greatest girl in the world left me.
some context i have suffered from mdd and gad for a couple decades now, tried over a dozen different treatments with no long term success. i have also had several sui attempts in the past, two of which lead to fibrilation and being revived in an er. i have been in and out of psych hospitals too, and receive the multi thousand after it which did not help me at all. after all, debt is part of my problem and costing that much also just worsens my problem. i have not been able to hold jobs for longer than a few weeks with one exception for a program that helps disabled people. anyhow, usually at work i ended up having catatonic episodes, panic attacks, and such too frequently for any employer to keep me around. i seem to do well in school, that is if i am able to complete a semester before a panic or my mental health leads me to drop out mid semester has happened several times . my intelligence seems to be the only thing going for me, but my job prospects would only be there if i can get a degree really, and formal education does not seem to work even though i get straight as in times where i finish a semester. but i am 26 and my formal education is only an associate's degree and who knows if i will ever get far enough in a reasonable amount of time? then, in addition to these issues with me, the world is honestly hopeless. wealthy elites screw over the rest of us, gaining exorbitant amounts of wealth during the pandemic while everyone else is struggling. not to mention the rise in hate groups, f'ed up police, climate change, and i do not know a single person who has not suffered abuse of some kind which seems to indicate humanity is also f'ed up . i mean, there is a myriad of things i bring up that is incredibly disheartening about the world, but i do not wish to make this rant much longer. so, pretty much the only things keeping me alive are 1 i do not want another multi thousand dollar bill my parents have to foot from hospitals in case my suicide attempts fails again, and 2 i do not want to ruin their lives by losing me. but they are fairly old baby boomers, so i suspect it will not be long before they die. hint the only two things keeping me alive would no longer be true in that scenario. guess what i would do in that situation?, honestly, the only things keeping from sui are my parents
i do not know what i did wrong but he left me and is ignoring me and blocking me on everything. he was my reason to live and it seemed so suddenly he thought i was manipulating him when i have no idea what i would want from him. he also said his gut feeling came back. i do not know what to do. i want to do something but i cannot. i have to give him space but he supported me so much but i do not haeve any support anymore. and it does not help that my fucking dad told me i am below him and inferior to him. and my family is dysfunctional. he knew that, he knew i was having a bad time and that i was going through antidepressant withdrawal, but he lied to me. he said he would never do this so suddenly and that he was working towards supporting me more and more everyday. he coveredd up his feelings and lied about it on purpose to lead me on but now i feel like i have no one. i do not have my family and i have no other friends. i do not know what i did to him he suddenly said he could not trust me i have no fucking idea what i did. he concealed all of his feelings about me and told me this would not happen. now i am left with nothing. i did everything around him. i was myself around i am and defined myself as who i act around him. and now hes gone. i want to put a bullet in my head. i do not know what to do of who i am or what is happening. i do not want to end it here, i want him to know that he ruined my life. he knows what this does to me but he does not give a shit. i cannot make friends. i am going to be alone. i have t lived the past 6 years without him. what do i do anymore? i need someone to talk to desperately i am panicking so fuckinf badly.i need someone to tell me they care about me or that they love me even if they do not. i just want someone to care or support me. i want the same support and comfort. maybe i should just kill myself because i am a terrible person. at the end of the day i am a pathetic loser. i do not know what i did wrong to him but if he thinks lowly of me i believe him. i must be as bad as he thinks i am. everyone is telling me i am not a manipulator and that he is trying to play the victim but he knows me the most. i deserve the death sentence. i see the same 4 walls everyday i need to go. i need help. i do not want to die but i cannot stand to live i lost him
i was 17 when i shared an intimate picture of my then gf, who was 18, with a stranger online about a year ago. i regretted it immediately and deleted it. it also did not have her face so it at least it will not ruin her life. i ended up confessing a while later out of fear, the guilt came later. her, being the angel she was, was willing to stay and work it out, but eventually she left because she could not move on. why did i do it? because i got a fucking kick out of it for one moment. i was exposed to fucked up shit from a young age and had a lot of creeps who talked to me. i knew i was fucked up, but never thought it would affect my relationship with this perfect girl. i was a loner for most of high school and pretty much everyone thought i was a loser and i had a crush on this girl. i somehow got to be with her like it was a movie. turned out i was the villain.last time i posted this, i got a sympathetic response probably because i made myself seem better than i am, so i decided to go with a more objective approach to what happened this time. some days i feel better knowing she has moved on and people make mistakes, but days like today, i deserve to die. i want her to put a gun to my head and shoot me because i emotionally scarred her and we loved each other so much. she trusted me. i tried doing stuff to myself, but i am too much of a coward to finish the job. parents found out, but that died down. when we broke up, i had a tough time and everything was going wrong, but that was okay because i deserved it. i wanted to suffer, but now things have started to get better in my life and i hate it. i hate that i am alive and god is not punishing me more. i feel like i need her permission to live. i like to starve myself, dunk my head in ice water, or do something so i do not go insane. my counsellor ignored my last email after i missed her call.i do not want her to be sad because of me. she was so nice and i broke her. she said she forgave me, but i want to make it right. i wish we never met, so she could still be smiling. i am so sorry.sometimes, i feel like this is the only life i have so i have to accept reality. but i did something unforgivable and at the moment, i cannot handle reality.i wrote this very fast in an emotional state so forgive any mistakes in it. i am a piece of shit
hi, so usually i come back to this subreddit when shit hits the fan, and i cannot handle it anymore. i do not really know how to start with these, it is always difficult especially with all the emotion and pain, but i guess i will, start with what is bothering me right now. i had this girlfriend in 2017 and i deeply regret how things ended with her and i, i also regret ending it, because i did it thinking that i had no love for her and that i was only in the relationship for the sex. what i learnt though this was in early 2018 with therapy was that i had intrusive thoughts, what had happened was that this thought of not loving her had popped up in my head at some point, and i could not stop thinking about it while in the relationship with her. it was horrible i felt as if i was lying to her throughout the relationship. it is like having a person on your shoulder shouting liar every moment, my only peace was away from her. i saw the only way out was to say i do not love you anymore . i was 19 at the time and so was she, so we were both young, but i hate myself still to this day for doing that and not maybe discussing it first with someone. she was my first love, how we met was pretty magical, we were sitting across from one another and i started to sing one her favourite band songs, and she looked at me and we both began discussing our favourite bands and interests. i knew in that instance that i was attracted to her without a doubt and i think she was as well. the worst part i think about that breakup was that i had no one at varsity to talk to anymore, i was alone with all those thoughts and i started hating the world even more, nearly as much as i hated myself. i think that was the worst moment in my life, worse than anything else. because i felt like a monster for hurting someone i loved, something i thought i would not do. i wish i could kill myself, i wish i could plunge a knife into my neck and bleed out until i pass out, until i am nothing with no thoughts, just a fucking corpse. maybe then everything will be calm and i would not have to worry about making mistakes like that again. i am too much of coward anyway, i do not like pain. this all started because of old voice note that might have been her. funny. sorry about the violent imagery. i just wanted to talk. just talking.
i feel like i have never belonged anywhere, people just accept me on the surface but it is always out of obligation, but in reality i can tell that people find me weird all the time and they judge me, and i have been told that i am abnormal .i know i am not the brightest person and i am pretty damn stupid to survive in this competitive world and i am also fucking depressed and dumb. be taken advantage of by 2 people over 3 yars for sex just because i was really depressed, suicidal and my family life was a mess. and i am fucking ashamed, and i can never forgive myself and i do not think i deserve it.i have been sexually abused as a kid by my brother, my parents knew but did nothing about it. i was the mediator and my parents' listening ear when they argued and threw stuff around the house and threatened to kill us all. when i opened up about my bottled up anger 6 years ago, i was simply told to move on and keep quiet because if i voice up, it will affect my brother's future. i have since let go of all the anger towards the entire family because i love them deeply.i have no friends, or i am always just the one people feel sorry about and shit.i worked my ass off, i got a good job despite the crippling depression and suicide attempts and shit grades, and i saved up a lot of money and now i am really self sufficient and am not relying on anyone financially. i exercise everyday. but i am still deemed stupid and weird and not enough. i am still suicidal, depressed, finding myself wanting to od on a whim, still the odd one out, still dissociate too much too often without realising, still disadvantaged in this game of life.but i still feel so worthless and i am fucking tired and just so done and really i want to fucking kill myself. i do not want to break my parents' heart but i am so done and i am so sorry. i wish i was not born and life is so tiring and i am done fighting and i have zero energy to fight any longer. i have been what do i get for fighting so hard? just to find myself constantly being disadvantaged and burned out and depressed and suicidal? life sucks and i do not want to appear whiny but i am done, i am going to attempt again soon. i will start with self harm. cannot wait to slice my arm vertically in a bit. or at least try because i am a fucking lover. fuck this shit.
i do not want to die. but i really do not want to live. but the issues i have been dealing with do not even seem significant enough to hate my life and myself this much. i am so terrified of dying that i do not think i should even consider myself suicidal. but i am in so much emotional pain that i do not understand why i do not just get it over with. why i do not just fucking hang myself. i had a gun up until a few days ago, but i watched a video of a suicide in hope it would desensitize me and it left me scarred at the idea of shooting myself. i had someone get it from me. someone who i would never have to see or speak to again because i now associate him with death. but here i am, wailing. i have been going through so much bullshit but i am suicidal over something so stupid. at least it is stupid to others i mean. i disassociate hard. the person i see in the mirror or in pictures is not who i feel i am. i feel so ugly and unattractive though everyone tells me otherwise. i have had people get mad at me for being insecure when in their eyes, i have no reason to be. i am being ungrateful for my looks. that others are actually ugly and thus, i am being an asshole for hating myself the way i do. i feel so unwanted. so disgusting. an untouchable. i massively aware of my appearance when around others. i control my smile, the amount of squint of my eyes, how i angle my face, how i furrow my brows. there is not a second i relax from it. yesterday, a friend and i did a photoshoot. out of 60 pictures taken of me, only 3 looked decent. i was look down in one of them too. they are not any i would brag about or feel confident about. just 3 that i did not want to delete forever... i looked so hideous. so awkward. so gross. i spent so much effort trying to make sure i looked good and every bit of insecurity was still showing. so all this time i spent trying to look good when around others, they still see what i do not want them to see. no wonder people do not take off guard pictures of me. basically all my worry and hatred towards myself is true. i do not want to feel right now. i do not want think right now. and the worst part?! i cannot talk to anyone who would not get frustrated with me for being ungrateful. imposter syndrome so strong, i do not even think i am worthy of being suicidal..
the mornings are absolutely chilling.no matter the temperature. now everyday she wakes up to realize no one will ever want to do that, hold her to sleep.let alone touch her. ever again. me at some point. i have never wanted to be so far away in my entire life, i do not care where, anywhere but here but i cannot move and i cannot stop crying. so how do i leave without moving? i die. this week i have consoled every single person that has came to me for whatever reason specifically over one of the people i have oddly let see way too much of me so his friends they are, they do not deserve to feel pain. i do not want them to. i do not want to. but i cannot help it and it never stops. so i consider it karmic. i am just that bad.not human, evil, always. i have not eaten in days. i am scared and alone. and i put on a facade for everyone else to make sure they are okay i have a routine every morning after this stupid dream that a singular person would hold me to sleep to text all of them and make sure they are okay and i am not okay and i have not been okay and i can scream that i am not okay at the top of my lungs and no one hears me. this is how i know i am a real piece of shit, it will only because them more pain. if i off myself i will just be causing everyone more pain, everyday i check on them we are already missing one. part of me does not care. i am alone. i am terrible.there has never been a good thing about me. i have been shaped by abuse and people pleasing and i am a void.on autopilot making sure everyone else is okay.well take some time alone.oh with my thoughts? the ones that are telling me to blow my head off? someone said intent is all that matters and i always thought my intentions were good or justified. when i die and i already technically have before so its going to be awful but it is much better than me being me. i do not deserve anything good. that is obvious by how much harder it is to wake up everyday and i am so confused and scared. i cry for thirty seconds and wipe my tears and make sure everyone is okay if they need me to comeover if they have ate. i can feel my stomach gnawing at itself. i deserve this. to be alone and suffer. can i handle that? no. i cannot. i am so sorry on rare occasion she wakes up from a dream that someone is holding her to sleep.
i did have some people reach out to me and i truly appreciate that. i am sorry i did not respond, and will not be responding. i ended up giving myself a horrible migraine, the kind that lands a person in the hospital. maybe my body was trying to tell me something. it does not matter. atm i am just wasting time on a foolish hope, but even that will be gone eventually. ill give some more context for anyone interested. so on with itafter 20 years, my husband is demanding a divorce. seemingly out of nowhere. sure we have had our ups and downs over the years. who does not?however, this has completely blindsided me, because i honestly had no idea this was coming. i have spent our life together, always making my decisions for him, so that we could be happy together. from having kids i did not want, to giving up my jobs to stay home with those kids, maintaining a relationship with his toxic mother when he did not have one with her, allowing him to just carte blanche make decisions regarding new pets coming into the home, and on and on and on. i am pushing 40 which is still young and i have a 15 year gap in employment, so it does not matter what i can do or have done, job prospects are basically nil for me.my life has not been the easiest, and while in the beginning of this with my husband, i did struggle with adjusting to everything being so far away from imagined. i came to terms and i was by and large happy with what we have and have built over the years. maybe the issue was i did not express that enough. i do not know. i do know at some point over the last 6 months, hes become uncommunicative and has been dealing with a massive amount of stress pressure at work. i have done my best to recognize that and i thought giving him space would help him. clearly i was wrong. my entire world is coming to an end and i really cannot deal with it. nothing will change for him but everything will be changing for me. i really do not see myself making it to the other side of this. i have already got a plan and all i need to put it in motion. the only thing stopping me is the tiniest glimmer of hope he will come to his senses, as i do not want any of this. i already know that is foolish and i am just wasting time. i really wish i was stronger than this. again, thanks for reading. wasting time
i am the worst human being to ever exist. i cannot carry on. my life is a complete mess and i cannot fix it no matter what i do. i have done everything and i am not changing. i have tried counselling but i am too scared to tell the truth and when i do they do not seem to catch on and give me advice that is just flat out useless, i have tried talking to close friends and family and they either do not care or are not any help, i have tried using different distractions and i am still so unbelievably miserable. so i am just going to kill myself instead because nothings going to help me anymore. and another thing, i have done so disgusting, so repulsive that i will never live down. i put a friend of mine, who is part of the lgbtq community, through serious emotional trauma for a joke . i was not speaking to this friend much so me and a friend decided to be extremely homophobic to this person for the sake of a joke at on of eachothers houses. i did not really know what i was getting myself into until before we went into it and i told my friend i could not do it so i let them send all the messages to them to get a reaction out of them. instead of telling my friend its wrong and we should not be doing it at all because we both know better, i let them fucking do it instead and let them send all the messages to this person for a stupid fucking joke . i hate myself. i cannot do this. its my biggest regret. i did not want to say anything incase i ruined the mood or made my friend go home. i am so fucking sorry. i am ashamed of myself in every way possible. it keeps me up at night. i wish i never fucking did it. not to mention i also have no real friends, i am not in good shape, i am ugly, i am lazy, i am extremely socially inept, no girlfriend, i am obsessive over people because i do not know how to control my feelings, i am despicable. so i am killing myself tonight. i have had enough. i have been suffering to fucking long. i just want someone to talk me out of it but no one will. if any of you see this please, feel free to talk to me, id really appreciate, or do not. but even then, i will most likely still end my own life later on tonight because i have nothing left to live for. the beautiful days of my life are long gone. i am so sorry everyone i am taking my own life tonight
i am 23 years old. i just need a reset on life. i messed up this life too much. the more i live the worse it will get. i am not even depressed, i am in a pit, a bottomless pit. which is way worse then a depression. each day that pit just sinks deeper and deeper and the light just fades away. i am introverted but when i need to, id play a character out in social settings. i am self destructing myself everyday. i am a predator, i prey on people, even my own family members. mentally i am insane, psychically i am deteriorating, i am just losing. 2020 2021 is the year i have been the most suicidal. probably because that is when most of the problems started. honestly feel like its karma. i have done a lot of bad, bad stuff that just eats me alive. i deserve all the pain. if anything fucked up has to happen to someone,it should happen to me. there is nothing going on for me right now. got money stolen from multiple times after i busted my ass to work for it, its just crazy. why did i have to be put into this? i worked so hard to getting the thing that would ease my mind, and it got taken away.. there is no reason for this prolonged suffering. the more this goes on the more impulsive and psychotic i am getting !i am sorry to my younger self. i am sorry i neglected you. i wish i could have stopped doing those horrible things to you, unfortunately you had a monster growing inside you. poor kid never had a chance. self pleasure is the only thing keeping me alive, its the only thing that brings me euphoria. i am too apathetic for this lol. i am also possibly undiagnosed with a lot of shit, oh well i could care less. i also often listen to aiding audios every night that do help a bit. god forbid i get my hands on a gun! let us all just jump into a suicide pit! fuck my life fuck my life up! but on the contrary who knows, i may one day find the light and come to consensus, as in the next 10 mins, but then bipolar comes back and i am right back into this pit. i am surrounded by so many people yet i still feel alone. i am not expecting anyone to relate with me. i am too far out of the loop. wtfffffffff. god is a cunt. if he exists like why cannot you just snap your fingers and heal me? ill tell you why its cuz he does not exists lol somedays you just need a life reset, you know?
i have posted about it several times, but here goes. 12 months ago i joined a dating website and met a thai woman. we got on extremely well. i thought she was the one for me. it later transpired that she had 2 children which she did not tell me about. odd, but ok. i decided to go with the flow and see whether we could make it work. shortly after, we got into a relationship.one night i video called her and she did not reply. she said she was feeling unwell and she would see me tomorrow. when i turned up the next day, she was standoff ish. i saw her phone on the side so i grabbed it and took a look at her photo album, looking for the photos we would taken a week earlier.i was horrified to see a picture of her in bed with another man. she would cheated on me the night i called her. even worse, after i confronted her, she told me it was for money. yes, he would paid my girlfriend to sleep with him. turns out she was on some kind of dating app and had arranged that behind my back. there were a few other guys she would arranged to see but she did not in the end.she assured me it would not happen again and she had not done it before. turns out it was all a big fat lie. i found out she was a hooker. by this point we would already given it another go. i would got attached to her and her two. children. i would cooked for them, bought them things i felt like a part of their family.anyway, i thought it was all going well and that was behind us, when she cheated. again. i saw a guy online reviewing her. yes, reviewing her service s and he described what happened and how much she charged. i was devastated. i cried buckets of tears.fast forward a few months and we had given it another go and we were getting along well when all of a sudden she dumped me. she said she was going back to that lifestyle and it left me a broken man. i would loved her, forgiven her several times, i would been looking after her children. i did absolutely everything i could for them. i am just left with pain. i will not commit suicide, but the pain has been so bad i have thought things like when i am gone i will not be in this pain .she is blocked me on everything. i called her phone from another number and she hung up when she heard my voice. she is treated me like a piece of trash. at an all time low
so here we go. i am 27 and a half, never had a girlfriend who was not online, never kissed a woman, never even hugged a woman besides my mom. never had any of these experiences, it is been eating away at me for 13 years now, i have tried to cope and just live with it but it is just getting worse and worse. i have been to over 30 different therapists, none of them could help me. i am broke and since i live in the one place in my country where prostitution is legal, hookers here cost at minimum 250 10 mins plus i have to pay for the hotel and transportation. i have no money, i cannot drive, i am basically worthless. porn has become boring to me now, i got into cyber roleplaying but that is become a dead end now, nobody's interested in me. on the rare occasion i do meet a woman they either tell me i am too ugly or that i am boring and then ghost me. hell, i got texted from a girl last night and it seemed legit but then she asked for my bank account information and i knew it was a scam. all i get are scammers and bots. i have started having dreams now where i meet women but then i wake up and realize nothing has happened. i got so desperate i started going on personals sites and posting ads just asking if any women would just let me see them naked. i would take even that at this point, it is pathetic. i know someone is going to say sex and all that is not important, and i know you are right, this is not because i care what others think. this makes me feel bad about my own self worth. i feel like i have not been able to experience something people half my age have already experienced. i am constantly surrounded by people who lost their virginities in 6th grade, or in high school, or at least long before they were even 21. and i am here, approaching 30, do not even know what a woman feels like. hell just yesterday my mom was telling my grandfather about my former stepsister getting married to a man a year younger than me. i cannot take this any more. i cannot take the dreams, the pretending to grin and bear it every time people talk about their relationship and sexual experiences. it is too much. i am done...i probably sound like an incel...more reason to kill myself. i am going to kill myself next week because i cannot stand being a kissless virgin anymore.
i currently have no value to anyone other than sentimental value. the love my family has for me comes only from the fact that i exist. their lives would be no worse had i never been born. there is only one person i can say for certain i had a life changing impact on. because of what i did, her ability to trust people will likely never be the same. my confession is in my previous posts. i also hurt my ex girlfriend by being a constantly anxious and socially brainless fuck as well as a generally terrible boyfriend and person. i have repeatedly failed every mentor i have, and i did basically nothing in the last two years. my grades have recovered in the last semester and while i think i might still be able to live a decent life overall, i do not think i deserve it. i am a piece of shit who has stagnated in every area and i am more of a collection of vague desires to master skills that i never made any progress on despite having ample time than a person with a personality. i hurt people and wasted years, and i think i could have had a great life if i were able to rewind and undo the damage i have done and unwaste the years i have wasted. it bothers me so much that i probably could have had a great life and did great things and never had hurt people and scarred them. i do not think i deserve to live long and a decent life because i have squandered and misused the gift of life. my victim does not deserve to live a worse life just because i was a dumb horny idiot, but she probably will and i cannot stand it. she does not deserve to see how i am probably much less affected by the guilt than she is by the broken trust and trauma, she does not deserve to see how i may live a happier life than her despite her having done nothing to deserve that trauma while i am punished only with guilt far less crippling. on the other hand, my family definitely does not deserve the emotional loss from my death. i would give my mind, my body, and my future if it meant i could again be someone whose name does not bring up bad memories for people. i ended up half venting and i hope that is fine and you still read my wall of text i might still be capable of living a decent life, but i do not think i deserve to be able to live one because of the permanent damage i have caused others.
there is nothing i can offer that a younger version cannot do better.why would anybody want me?i would not.i am 20lbs from being visible to the eyeand even then they will look and scrutinize and decide, as always, that i am only a maybe.they can all do better, and the bloom is off the rosei cannot fuck your masters degreebut most importantly, hot.she is a 10 bronone of it matters. its all a lie.they are the judge and jury and you need to stop aiming for this imaginary bullshit goal. look around and realize your goal is sitting next to you.using it as target practice. detach emotionally for when you get to college you are ready to vet candidates make yourself perfect. highlight your hair, commit to an active exercise, do your nails, spray tan stay out of the sun! , whiten your teeth. most importantly, sort your personality. model yourself after the beautiful girls. you do not have to be in the preppy clique or rich. often the best guys are not in those clubs. but they are confident that they are hot and everybody likes them. learn to be that way and dress that way, your life depends on it.i want to go back and tell my stupid self to go to activities in college and meet people outside my major. to stop doing what everybody else was doing because it what was expected, and fuck them and go look for a boyfriend.even my broken 5 10 self might have been able to find one and then id be in a better situation.if i could go talk to her now id say its a racket. they are assholes now and they are even bigger assholes once you graduate. you will have success and everybody will be proud of you and you will be fucking miserable every step of the way. these are not your friends. just quit!take advantage of this and start running. just run or something.then go out, or go to the events, or sit in the cafeteria and listen to music and cry. literally do anything. just try to meet boys. the most important thing you need to switch your focus to is meeting a guy. nobody has ever talked to you about this before.you are the most attractive you will ever be. your primary goal needs to be making a guy feel special. get your head straight so you can do that. stop everything else and do that.i would give everything to go back and do it all over the right way. i do not deserve love
i am 23 and i could not even get a job at mcd because the manager told me they only wanted permanent staff members, not a temporary one. i am so pissed off because they could have specified that bit on the web page at least instead of the whole part time and full time thing. i prepped so hard for 3 days and even answered the interview questions like a breeze and it all came down to the are you looking to be a permanent member here? . i am probably a dumbass for not even seeing this coming, but holy crap i am depressed as hell. please, pardon me for venting i am sorry i am just stressed out right now, i am tired of feeling like a dissapointment to everything. there is probably some other bloke having it worse right now and maybe i do not deserve feeling like this. i am unemployed and an engineering degree is not doing me anything right now because of all the smarter people having better coping mechanisms than i did, not even a 2 1 can save my skinny ass all these first class degrees coming up faster than covid . i cannot even get a job to save me out of a hole because of that one question. fuck it, i cannot even busk with my acoustic guitar because there is way too many professional and good quirky artists in the streets.i want to die so bad right now, i hate having to be a fucking asian with expectations of being something in this world. do not get me started on student loans and family relatives speaking out loud how you went overseas and not even getting any source of income. it is not ones fault, i get that. but i do not know how long i have it in me to just keep trying. i am just tired. i am just so tired of realizing you are so close to something and fucking it up over and over and over again. sorry mel, jay, mom, dad, i do not know what to do anymore. no ones going to read this post, just like how i am just going to be passing by in this place. i cannot keep up anymore. it is too tough for me, and i am being like a bitch right now but fuck it. at least, if its over, it would not hurt anymore. i am sorry, i am so sorry for messing up and being like this. do not be like me. please. i feel like i triggered my own mental state for not even handling this situation well. i am just so tired. i cannot even get a mcd job because of one interview question
i feel like everything in my life is going awful. my grandpa died last monday, and while we all expected it is hurting more than i thought it would. my grandma then had to go to the hospital and i have been worried sick about them. right before all this, i moved away from my family, and i am living with people i do not know at all. i feel isolated and alone here, but i moved away because i felt like i could not stay in my tiny house with my parents. i knew there was a risk but i thought there would be a better reward. so i am alone and grieving. on top of this, i am struggling to be productive for my job and i feel like a failure. the girl i have been seeing is suddenly being weird and stressing me the hell out right as i wanted to move to the next stage with her. stuff keeps going wrong with my job. lastly, i am terrified i have a freaking std. she and i are not exclusive yet so she did not cheat on me plus it is one of the ones that they do not always test for. i feel so overwhelmed and i feel like it will only get worse when this girl inevitably picks someone over me...again.i am a good guy. i am nice, decently looking, good in bed, considerate, smart, and interesting. i am not a nice guy who thinks he is entitled to women at all. i have just been mistreated and hurt so much. i have a combination of awful luck, bad taste, and overeagerness that has kept me from having a romantic relationship. i want to kill myself before shit goes sideways with this girl, before i have to face the fact that i am a failure at my career path, before i have to deal with my grandma dying also, and before things get worse. i feel like things are only getting worse. these issues probably seem stupid and trivial, but i cannot handle them. all i want is to be loved and i feel so alone. i have dealt with depression for years and was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder when i was hospitalized two years ago after a summer almost in the exact same situation as now, but better . i am just so freaking tired. even the fact that reddit is being glitchy as i type this makes me want to jump in front of a train. i wish i could die without guilt. like if i died saving someone or just dropped dead. everything is just so overwhelming this is the lowest i have ever felt
i do not know when or why i started feeling like a burden to everyone around me but one day i just shut down and stopped talking to everyone. no one ever reached out. 8 years went by in total silence. everyday i think i about ending it. day by day pieces of me die. i hardly smile. most days i do not even speak. i think there is no way i make it to 40.... 5 more years of silence have gone by. i am now almost 31 and its occurred to me that i might actually make it to 40 at this rate.i stopped talking to my father when i was like 14 15. his new wife had 2 kids and i guess i felt left out or not loved. who knows. my dad however had no problem letting me move in with my mom. despite the fact she had no housing and lived with friends boyfriends. brother and sister stayed with dad. as you can imagine. life was not good. at 16 my dad rented an apartment for my mom and me. she moved in with her boyfriend and i lived alone. no one to tell me to go to school or brush teeth. most nights i went to bed hungry. at 17 i lived in my dads office for about 3 months before he rented another apartment for me to live in. i dropped out of high school as a sophomore and got my g.e.d.....no job, no friends. just me in an apartment with no furniture. i took the lease over at 18. no idea how to prepare for the future.i thought it was cool at the time but the problem is, life moves on....now here i am, alive, wishing it was over. i wasted 10 years of my life alone, feeling sorry for myself. i did not save any money. i do not even know what a 401k is. none of these things mattered to me, because i thought i was going to end it. and in that time, my moms health severally declined. she was my best friend. the only one i could talk to. now we cannot even have a conversation. she just stares blankly with no expression. i probably do not have much longer with her. my dad is living his best life. brother and sister, the whole family looks happy. all i feel is regret. i have no one. i need help, but why would they want to help me? the burden back from the dead, here to make my problems yours. i do not want that. i do not want to die. i desperately want to better myself, but i do not think i can do this alone. i did not think id make it this long. now i am full of regret.
i posted on here and a couple others but i was not sure i was going to do it until today. life has gotten so bad no one really here.... i needed ppl so bad but no one was here today ofc ... bf flaked on me... no one answered back my text when i needed help. no one cares and i am tired of ppl pretending they care. they only care when i am ok.....my life is just ok.... i have a nice car, always have had a roof over my head, always had food, water. i have always had the necessities so you would think i would be happy. but i take it all for granted. i use to want to take my life because i was soooooo hideous.. omg ... everyone hated me... i grew up and that changed i guess i am good looking now???.... i can get anyone i want if i tried but that does not even matter because of the damage already done.... all the bullying about my appearance... parents calling me a monkey and ugly...cyber bullying, bullies at school ....so now i got my dreams to come true and i can have who i please.... all the ppl who rejected me i finally got the chance to reject them ....does not satisfy me at all tho.... no matter how rich or how handsome they are it brings no happiness .... and i am so sorry becaus i know there is ppl on here who struggle with appearance so i am not trying to be mean but looking better did not bring the happiness i thought it would. i could living the best life ever and never work again yet i am broke and struggling to hold a job..... i could go on about how much a failure i am and my poor decision choices but it does not matter. i got the rope. i learned the correct measurements for my height 53 and weight 125 , and correct rope in thickness and stability. i was just sitting in my car practicing tying my rope and i put it around my neck to see if i did it right and in seconds the cops pulled up beside my car and stopped. i literally started fucking sweating ... fuck.... almost shit myself........now i am sitting here doing last minute calculations and i am done. please wish me luck...... if i am still here i got saved sadly if you read this far thank you. i am sorry for venting i have 0 friends so you all became my friends tbh. take care ppl. i read the post on here and my heart goes out to many of you.....bye bye now. i am ready. f20
no i am not doing okay and have not been for a while now. i have been feeling so detached from the world and i have no one. i wish i had family. i wish i was okay. i wish i could be like everyone else.instead i sit here and fantasize my death every single day.jumping off the bridge into on going traffic on the freeway or stealing j as or g es gun and shooting myself. who i do and do not want at my funeral and sometimes thinking i do not even want one at all because i feel like d a and b y and n h would ruin it and make it about them.i have no purpose.i am tired.more then tired more then exhausted.i have been a dead man walking for a long long time now.i am tired of waking up in the morning and feeling okay and then it wearing off so easily.i cannot handle little things that because distress it sets me off.and yes i am medicated and i still feel this way. sober, not sober, medicated and what ever.i feel unfixable.i am a burden and an obligation for others.i have no one. have i mentioned that.i fantasize what it would be like to die so many different ways more then i can fantasize anything good.i will not take on any responsibilities because i do not want to leave anyone hanging that is how unstable i have felt for a long time now. how unstable i am feeling. i do not want to take on anymore bills and then end up killing myself and leaving someone hanging with my end of the bills or debt..i wanted to sell my car and go to california for a bit so i could have my last hurrah.. but selling the car had not worked out..i just want to give all my stuff away and slowly disappear without word.. i want people to think i am on a trip that i never come back from.. eventually they will hear that i am dead.i do not want to be anywhere.i always ask myself.is being dead like being asleep with no dreams ? or is it when everyone goes to the place they believe in ? and if it is everyone going to a place that they believe in then i have no idea where i will go.. i never got the chance to believe in my own universe.i am sitting at a park while someone is waiting on me to hang with them.but i do not want to talk to anyone or be anywhere at all.i am not okay but it is nothing a stupid hospital or meds can fix.how about you ? are you okay ? are you okay ?
disclaimer this is going to be lengthy.for some context my gf of 6 years and broke up about 3 weeks ago. i am 23 and we have been dating since we were in high school graduated college in may . i was her first and only bf and she broke up with me because she was showing interest in someone else and did not want to hurt me. she was also concerned about my mental health if she were to end it i have had what feels like depression since i was about 14 . at first, i thought i was handling things well after the initial days of crying and depression . i started working on new skills, exercising more, and i started going to therapy only been to two sessions so far . i am not sure what caused such a downward spiral, but it started after my second therapy session. my therapist wanted to do a joint session with my ex and i so i could get some clarity on where we stand. basically ended in we are friends, but she wants to explore while i still want to be with her. i kept my composure throughout the session, but after she left my room we live together until next week i could not hold it in anymore. i blasted music and cried my eyes out for about 20 minutes. since then, i have been having dreams about her every night. some include the guy she is interested in if you are familiar with gta rp, we are all in the same server and some are just my mind trying to pretend like nothing happened. that is been going on for the past 4 days now and i basically wake up crying every day. my mind keeps hurling insults at me and i hear you should just fucking die repeatedly in my head every day. i do not want to think these things. i do not want to have hatred for someone who does not deserve it. i basically have no friends. the group of friends i play games with every day are all related to my ex in some way her little brother, her cousin's bf . i have not even spoken to a girl since before we started dating. i am antisocial and cannot even keep up a conversation with others. i can only distract myself sometimes when i play with the group or play some games on my own. even then, i start feeling the pain again.i am in so much pain and i do not know what to do. i am all alone and there is no one to save me from myself now. i am scared. i want the pain to stop...
idk i just want to fucking die. i want to run away. please i do not want to commit suicide but i also want to die or just run away from everyone else. ik i am throwing a pity party but i honestly dk what the fuck i do. please let me diei keep on running away i keep on deluding myself but i am tired. even if i am not physically tired, i am mentally tired. i feel so lethargic i feel so pathetic that i just want my existence to cease. and when i open up, i get beat up instead. idk please i just want to die. why am i even alive? i shouldbve just died before then. i should not have been born i should not have survived back then. then maybe i are not even going to experience such horrible things. living is so hard. i was mistake. i am a failure. i am pathetic. i am not worthy. i just want to die. these fucking intrusive thoughts keep on plaguing my mind. it drives me crazy. and when i tell this to them i only end up on getting blamed on. instead, they push me hard down. they let me down. i want help. i really do. but why do i get invalidated instead of getting help? why do you push me so when i reach out of helplessness of myself? do i deserve getting blamed? maybe. but why... just why am i being compared to other people?i hate this. i hate myself. i hate my life. i just want to die. help. can someone help me? i want help but i guess i do not deserve it when all i do is laze around like what they say. do i not deserve help?i searched it up. and the close results were adhd, but then again, i would need diagnosis from a professional. and when i do ask for help by telling them about, i get reprimanded instead. its because you are on the phone always you are too addicted on such worthless things you do not live on reality i know. i fucking know, you do not have to remind me because i already say even worse things to myself than you will ever know. i have already degraded myself on a level that so deep you will be ashamed. why do you have to down me like this? i need your support, your encouragement. not your invalidation, your comparison, everything. because i have already done all of than in my mind that its already driving me crazy. so why do you have to add gas to the flames??? this is already driving me nuts.i never wanted to be born.
hello! i am new here, but i have always lurked whenever the ideation sets in the back of my mind and does not let up.i have never gone to a therapist, mostly because i am studying in the same medical field so to speak, and i am scared i would bump into someone i know and spill out why i am there. although we are taught to never judge patients because it is just common courtesy... it feels like it is innate for us to judge, y'know? therapists are people too. we look at people everyday and form this prejudice we have in our heads. i, too, have judged a lot of people before. even those who open up to me like i am doing here now. i am scared that i will be judged by my peers. of older people who would not even dare to listen and understand. because i know, even if they do not tell me. they will think of me as this weak ass, ungrateful low life.it is not normal to talk about mental health from where i am, after all.i have never once tried to self diagnose myself, as i think i cannot look objectively at my own situation. i am aware that what i am doing is self destructive, that loathing and ruminating all day long preoccupies me when i am supposed to be doing work. work that i do not want to do anymore. work that i want to quit forever.i feel miserable. i have for years now. being in a competitive environment medical school that i did not feel strongly about, that i did not feel like i wanted in the first place was soul crushing at worst, and numbing at best. i have thought of killing myself thousands of times of jumping from a five story building, overdosing on ferrous sulfate pills, hanging myself, suffocating myself. sadly, like many things in my life, i never did succeed in doing any one of them. i never even attempted them. it seems that i am scared of the pain it will cost me, of how it will feel. of the possibility that i will survive to live another day with my family knowing that i tried doing it to myself. of the judgement they will give me.in conclusion, i care too much about what others think. of what they will feel. at the expense of myself. and i guess i will be stuck in this limbo indefinitely until i get better. if that time ever comes. thank you for reading. hey, you! hoping that you are just okay. i am in limbo.
hello! i am new here, but i have always lurked whenever the ideation sets in the back of my mind and does not let up.i have never gone to a therapist, mostly because i am studying in the same medical field so to speak, and i am scared i would bump into someone i know and spill out why i am there. although we are taught to never judge patients because it is just common courtesy... it feels like it is innate for us to judge, y'know? therapists are people too. we look at people everyday and form this prejudice we have in our heads. i, too, have judged a lot of people before. even those who open up to me like i am doing here now. i am scared that i will be judged by my peers. of older people who would not even dare to listen and understand. because i know, even if they do not tell me. they will think of me as this weak ass, ungrateful low life.it is not normal to talk about mental health from where i am, after all.i have never once tried to self diagnose myself, as i think i cannot look objectively at my own situation. i am aware that what i am doing is self destructive, that loathing and ruminating all day long preoccupies me when i am supposed to be doing work. work that i do not want to do anymore. work that i want to quit forever.i feel miserable. i have for years now. being in a competitive environment medical school that i did not feel strongly about, that i did not feel like i wanted in the first place was soul crushing at worst, and numbing at best. i have thought of killing myself thousands of times of jumping from a five story building, overdosing on ferrous sulfate pills, hanging myself, suffocating myself. sadly, like many things in my life, i never did succeed in doing any one of them. i never even attempted them. it seems that i am scared of the pain it will cost me, of how it will feel. of the possibility that i will survive to live another day with my family knowing that i tried doing it to myself. of the judgement they will give me.in conclusion, i care too much about what others think. of what they will feel. at the expense of myself. and i guess i will be stuck in this limbo indefinitely until i get better. if that time ever comes. thank you for reading. hey, you! hoping that you are just okay. i am in limbo.
i hate feeling like a burden. it feels like an actual debilitating pain when i try to reach out to someone i know. when i try to get help from those closest to me, i end up feeling obligated to way underplay the situation, because i do not want them to feel like they have to shoulder the burden. i do this for a reason i will explain later.i hate online mental health initiatives. whenever depression and suicide is brought up, they always share that same number. that same fucking number. like they are saying yeah, do not talk to me. talk to someone who gets paid to tell you not to off yourself using a generic script. i cannot even blame them. i tried to help someone who clearly was suicidal before, and i could not. i was too weak. i tried shouldering their burdens until i got crushed. so now i live with the belief that i will do that to anyone i reach out to. and if i cannot shoulder someone else's pain, i do not deserve to have someone else to shoulder mine. i could talk to my parents. and get the same canned response every time. as fundamentalists, they firmly believe that my depression is caused by some sort of sin in my life. even if they are right, just pointing that out is not helping, it just makes me feel worse. you did this to yourself. if you just had more jesus in your life you would not be in this place. gee. thanks.so, we are back to suicide hotlines. people who are paid to read a script, and tell you exactly what you want to hear. if i were not such a cynical asshole, maybe that would help. if i could suspend my disbelief for one second, maybe it would actually mean something to me. as is, though, i just feel awkward, and i try to end the call as soon as possible. and therapy? i do not have money. and my parents do not believe in that. and because of the kind of person i am i literally cannot reach out for financial assistance. and on and on it goes. excuses, excuses, excuses. if and when i die an early death, it will be entirely my fault. because i cannot and will not change who i am. here we are, then. reaching out to an online forum. i do not know if i even want help anymore. i do not know what i want. i just want this dull pain in my chest that is been there for years to go away. no one left to talk to.
i can no longer articulate the prolonged suffering that is my existence. the misery, the loneliness, the sorrow, and the anguish should all be worth a thousand words. yet, as i acknowledged it is simply not possible to undertake the expansive task that is examining and assessing my despair.i have never had a single friend in my life. i have researched everything that there is to research about making friends, human behaviors, etc.i just have a natural fundamental deficiency misunderstanding of human procedures. these problems will follow me my entire life and once you have awareness of the human condition, with no hope of overcoming it, it becomes definitive proof that life is not worth living. i seem to lack the natural stillness that everyone else seems to possess. in my opinion, the key to happiness in life is harmony with oneself, acceptance of that which cannot be changed, and a determination to change that which is indeed malleable, a consistent self awareness and perpetual thought on how to be the best version of oneself and to respect all life in all its forms no matter what. the problem is the things that i need to fix are not malleable. they should be natural. you should be born with them. i feel ungrateful because i have such a mundane life. i have not been abused, raped, neglected, or anything like that. i have no trauma.i know a lot of the answers will be some variation of how i should learn to be alone. you can not learn to be alone. few people chose to be completely and utterly alone. i want to fix it yet, it is simply not possible. there is no cure. there has to be something i am missing. i rationalize this all the time. there has to be some kind of resounding character flaw i am missing.i find myself slowly become a bitter resentful person. seeing people live so normal ly and naturally angers me. socialization to them is breathing. it requires no thought. they have everything i want.i find that the few things that brought me happiness no longer work. i can not even bring myself to read a book because my brain is so preoccupied with these obsessive thoughts of unhappiness.i define myself as a victim of the world.my suicide will be soon. i define myself as a victim of the world. my suicide will be soon.
i can no longer articulate the prolonged suffering that is my existence. the misery, the loneliness, the sorrow, and the anguish should all be worth a thousand words. yet, as i acknowledged it is simply not possible to undertake the expansive task that is examining and assessing my despair.i have never had a single friend in my life. i have researched everything that there is to research about making friends, human behaviors, etc.i just have a natural fundamental deficiency misunderstanding of human procedures. these problems will follow me my entire life and once you have awareness of the human condition, with no hope of overcoming it, it becomes definitive proof that life is not worth living. i seem to lack the natural stillness that everyone else seems to possess. in my opinion, the key to happiness in life is harmony with oneself, acceptance of that which cannot be changed, and a determination to change that which is indeed malleable, a consistent self awareness and perpetual thought on how to be the best version of oneself and to respect all life in all its forms no matter what. the problem is the things that i need to fix are not malleable. they should be natural. you should be born with them. i feel ungrateful because i have such a mundane life. i have not been abused, raped, neglected, or anything like that. i have no trauma.i know a lot of the answers will be some variation of how i should learn to be alone. you can not learn to be alone. few people chose to be completely and utterly alone. i want to fix it yet, it is simply not possible. there is no cure. there has to be something i am missing. i rationalize this all the time. there has to be some kind of resounding character flaw i am missing.i find myself slowly become a bitter resentful person. seeing people live so normally and naturally angers me. socialization to them is breathing. it requires no thought. they have everything i want.i find that the few things that brought me happiness no longer work. i can not even bring myself to read a book because my brain is so preoccupied with these obsessive thoughts of unhappiness.i define myself as a victim of the world.my suicide will be soon. i define myself as a victim of the world. my suicide will be soon.
i am really fucking proud of everyone here, we are warriors.maybe it does not always feel like it but that does not make it less true. life is not a movie and you are not the protagonist. that is why sometimes you feel invisible. everyone is living their own life.everyone is struggling or has struggled with the darkness to different degrees.the fact that we have all said no, i am going to fight is amazing. maybe you are a kid or a teenager or adult or middle aged or a senior you are obviously here because at some point you said i am going to fight or i will help people fight .that is awesome even if sometimes you cannot see that.i know i did not feel strong crying in my bed holding my shotgun begging myself to stop. i know i did not feel like a warrior downing a 5th of vodka and writing a note to everyone saying goodbye. i know i did not feel strong telling myself this is for the best .i did not feel good holding that gun full ready to eat a slug i did not feel like a warrior, i was wrong.because i put that gun away.i unloaded it and said not now .i told myself i am not done today.i stopped for a second and said no, not yet . i decided to keep moving forward for a second, because i am a warrior and i kept in the fight.looking back that is amazing, i cannot believe i did that. i cannot believe i had the strength to stop my own brain from taking control of me. i fought everything i believed in one second and said no, not now. and i am proud of myself.you should be too. it takes a lot to tell your mind to stop and to keep fighting.you are a warrior.even when you are crying in your bed wishing death upon yourself, you are still fighting. you fighting sometimes it is every second of the day and we see that.it is hard but just know we want you to keep fighting, fight for your life. fight for everyone you know and fight for everyone that will know you in the future.do not. stop. fighting. you are. a. warrior.i hope i see you all around here again helping other people who might not know how tough they are or the battle they have already faced. i have nothing but respect for you all, you are fucking warriors and you are still fighting.hell yeah, bros and sisters. i am not here to discourage anyone but i have something to say
everything.everything seems to be too much. everything seems to be too late. everything seems to be too evil. everything seems to be too hopeless.i have an incredible boyfriend that i am planning on spending the rest of my life with. we just bought a house, plan on 3 kids, and i am soon getting on the long road for my dream job. i have a future, but i really wonder about a lot of things.its painful to think about, but what is the point? the planet is dying. people are full of hate, and corruption and evil are business models. its all so sick and depressing.i have been mentally ill my whole life. i have no business having children, especially as someone who is into environmentalism, even though its the one thing i have wanted to do since i was little. i want to be a mother and raise my children to be stronger than myself, to be the good in the world and live unapologetically and happily with all the love they could ever need or want. but it feels like the world is too far gone, physically and socially. i feel like bringing children into a world that is worse off than when i was born is horrible and selfish.my boyfriend has wanted to be a father his entire life, too. were a perfect match and i was so blessed to find him. but if i ever decide that having children is not right after all, he would understandably leave its a huge incompatibility in a relationship, so i would not blame him . but i cannot live without him. i would rather die than live without him.i have not been suicidal in almost a year. i do not even really know if i am right now. i just want to scream out into the world. i want things to change for the better. i want kindness to prevail and i want people to see the beauty of the world they live in. i want people to live happily and safely. its all very much a pipedream, i know. i just do not know how much longer i can go on. i am too weak and pathetic and soft for this world, and i just do not know what to do.the stress i face right now money, paying for college, my physical and mental health wear so heavily on me. i am 5 days sober from alcohol and xanax, but damn, it really hurts. maybe i am just exhausted and burning out. but everything is really just too much right now. i am scared and losing hope.
i have been having suicidal thoughts ever since i was like in 5th grade or so because i felt like a burden on my family, friends and just generally anyone i have interacted with. i have had a really hard time with talking to people too, and everyone in my family judges me for it. they are not wrong in doing so but a lot of the times i physically cannot open my mouth and speak. i got a girlfriend around my freshman year in highschool and despite that the thoughts did not go away. i really was happy at times and imagined us living together after getting married and that, but a few years later we broke up. even though she said she did not want to get married i think she is lying to me. she told me that she did not want to get into any relationships until a few years later, only to get into one about a week later. this and other incidents of her lying to me made me more sad than i ever had been. compounding all those other reasons i felt that those years we were together were all a lie which sucks when she could have been the person to pull me out of wanting to kill myself. the suicidal thoughts have gotten to the point to where i am almost always thinking about gruesome ways in which i can kill myself or be killed by others. i have even slipped up and asked my ex to kill me in a begging kind of way. i told her kill me over and over to her face and i am ashamed of having done that. the thing is, despite all of this i have only cried once in about 3 years and i am certain of that. it was when my ex and i broke up. i do not know why or how this happened but i cannot cry anymore no matter how hard i try. i hurt myself physically and mentally and nothing seems to do it. every thought becomes more and more bloody and that and i even picture my familys reaction to it nothing. i have become obsessed with trying to make myself cry and i even draw a hypothetical of what my suicide might look like. i will not be killing myself anytime soon because i am catholic and do not want my family to feel bad the whole shtick. but has anyone else not been able to cry or can you relate to any of this? i cannot talk about this to anyone else but i have some anonymity on here so i felt safe in posting this. thank you. i cannot cry anymore.
throwaway account. tw mental illness, grooming, etc. just because i am messed up, does not mean i should infect everyone elsei want to die. i am slowly dying anyway, and painfully, so i should just end it now.if i catalog all the things wrong with me, it would be everything and honestly, it would be really fucking embarrassing to detail it all . i do not have really any redeemable qualities or characteristics. i am killing myself anyway with all of my unhealthy habits teeth fucked up, i am in pain, my weight, etc all the broken parts of me are me, and there is no escaping that. i have had severe depression and anxiety all of my life, grew up in severe poverty, dad died when i was a kid after years of alcohol drug misuse and stealing from my mom, was groomed by my basketball coach and then other men online when i was like 11 16. i have never had a relationship only had one night stands with guys who do not care about me which makes sense considering how worthless fat ugly i am, and all of the things wrong with my personality too.the only reason to not kill myself is the fact that my family would be sad. and like, its not like i myself have any redeeming value, or value to my life. i offer no value, i have no future, i will never be successful, either financially or career wise or anything. i am in a field where i will never make much money at all and will never be able to pay off my student loans or my credit card debt. there is no purpose to my life. there is no value to my life. the only value i hold is to my mom and sister. that is it. and if anything, i am such a burden and failure that it would be a kindness in a way. literally no one else would care if i did not wake up tomorrow morning i do not have any friends, and for any coworkers, old classmates, old professors, etc? it would be just like hearing a sad story on the news and then going about your day. i am a leech who contributes nothing. all i do is take. like what future do i have? i have fucked up my life beyond repair.to be honest, right now i am just trying to decide on a method and when to do it. i had tried killing myself when i was 11 and that obviously failed. trauma and mental illness from the very beginning i should just make an end to it all
i have attempted suicide 14 ish times in the past and obviously i am not very good at dying. lately i have been feeling so alone and overwhelmed. nothing feels real again. everything is just fake. i am watching a movie of myself. for the first time in years i am feeling the static i felt as a kid again. the static of my brain, filtering everything and just not letting me feel joy or experience stuff in the moment. i recall my day but i do not remember it if that makes sense. a low key and fucked up part of me misses being in an icu bed and dying. it is awful i know, but when i was in the icu at least someone cares about me and at least someone paid attention to me. i do not have a family or very many friends and i just want some fucking care and i want to be held. when i was in the icu last time i had nurses constantly check on me and ppl come talk to me. a part of me lives in a hospital, because that is all i have really known. do i want to kill myself? or do i miss being cared about? if i attempt suicide and it fails, than i go to the icu or hospital. if i attempt suicide and succeed, than i get the added bonus if dying i suppose. i have 3 different methods i could use and it is crazy how easy they are. and how accessable they are. i am obviously not going to share them but 1 will be painless while the other two may because ouchies. i do not really care though because once i am dead, i am dead. who cares if it hurt lmfao.all i need to do is walk across my room. i am tired and numb and just need change or an escape. i am so fucking lonely and just want a friend that i will not burden or i will not be afraid of rejection. i want more friends that also are not white so i do not have to put up with racist shit and accept it as a fucked up norm. i want friends who understand how fucking awful racism feels and how much it affects you down to your core. i want connection, i want love, i need attention and care. but i do not have any way if getting that and i feel so alone and depressed. i do not know if it is that i want to actively kill myself or i just need something to change. maybe a bit of both. i am feeling too many emotions but also struggling with an empty, drowning depression. i am on the verge of suicide.
my mental health has made me so scared of myself i do not want to be me. i do not know how to describe it, but my depression really overrides my body and mind and i, like a robot just follow it. my bedroom had gotten really messy so a few days ago i built up the courage to finally try to clean it. i knew i did not want to do it and the fact i even did made me feel odd. as if i was shocked i got out of bed. so i am cleaning and doing pretty good and all of a sudden my brain was like nope i really cannot do this anymore and i just shut off my bedroom lights and went to bed and i had never just said fuck it like that before. since may i have been getting really in to spirituality and focusing on myself and connecting with the world. yes it made me feel amazing. i really feel i transformed. except as of lately i am going back to old habits i finally stopped during that time. i become a bitch to everyone, i have attitude for no reason. no but the worst part is the worthlessness i feel. from age 11 22 i do not think i have ever not had suicidal thoughts. well in may july i really was so high on spirituality and accepting the world around me. i honestly did not have bad thoughts come in to my head. but as of this week i am back to the same shit. i cannot get the imagine of cutting out of my head. or other methods i have always imaged a rope or g n but know i would not use one method and i could never buy the other . and at this point it does not feel depressing it feels annoying. like my depression is taunting me like hey do not you still want to do this. and the answer is yes. i have derealization issues, i have self worth issues. i have a hard time accepting i am alive and its just a lot to deal with. before may when i had these thoughts i believed them. i still believe them but this time i know its more a mental illness and not my souls desire if that makes sense. like a heart attack is the hearts issue but the heart did not do it on purpose its just an inconvenience. i do not know if that makes any sense but basically i do not want to be a human anymore i do not want to daydream violent things, while also struggling to accept i live in reality while also trying to be hopeful its all too much becoming self aware
i am 23, unemployed and living at home with my mother. me and my mum barely speak language barrier so i usually spend all day in isolation. this girl i was speaking to has not replied to my messages for a few weeks now, and that is makes me feel pretty shit. i try not to think about it but it is hard. i have gained loads of weight on antipsychotics and feel unlovable.there is a river near me and loads of loose bricks in our garden, so i have been thinking i might fill up my backpack with bricks and go jump in that river some time. antipsychotics are horrible, i do not feel any emotions and sleep for around 12 hours a day. i do not feel sad really but i do not feel any joy either. i really want to leave my family home and move out to live on my own, but my entire family is worried i will end up in a psych ward again. i tried therapy late last year which was good. helped me to shift some feelings of guilt and shame for some stuff i did when i was younger, and that is no longer causing me grief now. but i just do not feel anything anymore. i hope it is just the side effect of being on aps because i am tapering off them now. i might just hold out until they are out of my system. i hope i can lose some of the weight i have put on. i just generally feel like life is not worth living. nothing's exciting, interesting or rewarding. life already kind of feels like it is ended. i have finished university and now my family expects me to stay in our hometown. i do not want to do that, i want to love life like i have fleetingly in the past. i think about that river most nights and it seems like a pretty foolproof plan. if i do die, people will only miss the past version of me that was energetic and charismatic, not this lump i am now. i feel like a stain that will not go away. i am not good enough anymore. i used to be attractive and funny and now i am just big and slow. death cannot come soon enough. a message to the world if i go ahead with it. keep chasing your gut instincts and live life for you and no one else. believe in yourself. life becomes easy if you do all the difficult stuff first. normal ise saying i love you more often, even to friends. stop sometimes and really look it is all perfect. antipsychotics rant
i am 23, unemployed and living at home with my mother. me and my mum barely speak language barrier so i usually spend all day in isolation. this girl i was speaking to has not replied to my messages for a few weeks now, and that is makes me feel pretty shit. i try not to think about it but it is hard. i have gained loads of weight on antipsychotics and feel unlovable.there is a river near me and loads of loose bricks in our garden, so i have been thinking i might fill up my backpack with bricks and go jump in that river some time. antipsychotics are horrible, i do not feel any emotions and sleep for around 12 hours a day. i do not feel sad really but i do not feel any joy either. i really want to leave my family home and move out to live on my own, but my entire family is worried i will end up in a psych ward again. i tried therapy late last year which was good. helped me to shift some feelings of guilt and shame for some stuff i did when i was younger, and that is no longer causing me grief now. but i just do not feel anything anymore. i hope it is just the side effect of being on aps because i am tapering off them now. i might just hold out until they are out of my system. i hope i can lose some of the weight i have put on. i just generally feel like life is not worth living. nothing's exciting, interesting or rewarding. life already kind of feels like it is ended. i have finished university and now my family expects me to stay in our hometown. i do not want to do that, i want to love life like i have fleetingly in the past. i think about that river most nights and it seems like a pretty foolproof plan. if i do die, people will only miss the past version of me that was energetic and charismatic, not this lump i am now. i feel like a stain that will not go away. i am not good enough anymore. i used to be attractive and funny and now i am just big and slow. death cannot come soon enough. a message to the world if i go ahead with it. keep chasing your gut instincts and live life for you and no one else. believe in yourself. life becomes easy if you do all the difficult stuff first. normalise saying i love you more often, even to friends. stop sometimes and really look it is all perfect. antipsychotics rant
i have had anxiety and depression for as long as i can remember and from last year it is been really bad. now this year is just pushing me over the edge. first my grandpa died then my dad got so sick he could have died and needed an emergency operation and he will need one more in a few months. then my cat got really sick and she is still sick and i am trying so hard to get her better but i am failing. then an animal at work that i have been really close to died while under my care. i have a partner but no friends and animals are my heart and soul. people generally repulse me. so, people might think that pet problems would not effect someone very much, but for me it totally stops my life and takes me over.the anxiety about my dad being ok is just on my mind constantly and the fact that the animal at work died under my care makes me feel so horrible and useless, i could not save him.. what the he will am i even there for then? and then my loving, lovely cat that i cannot help.. what the hell am i here for then? i wish she could just get better and i could get sick instead. i would give my life for her wellbeing if it was only possible to make the trade. i have not slept in 4 nights because i have been watching over her. and now awaits another sleepless night. and then tomorrow i have to go to work and it is killing me because ill have to leave my cat and i will not be able to watch her and i will just be a ball of anxiety while somehow working.my partner tries to be supportive but she does not really understand and when she jokes and smiles i just feel so alone.the only thing that keeps me from killing myself is how much it would hurt my parents and that i would fail my cat, she would not understand where her mommy went and then she would have to move and get a new mommy and i am responsible for her. but i am starting to feel like i am failing her anyways and someone else could be a better mommy to her and my parents are probably so tired of me and my constant nagging from worrying.everytime i am driving i am thinking about finding a good brick wall to accelerate in to. i cannot take this any more. the constant sadness, hopelessness, worrying and fear this year has been hell and i just want to leave
i hate myself for what i did to me and the others. i want to stop existing so badly, i really do because even if i had everything in this shitty existence i would still think the same, a family to live for? even if i had one who is worth it, i do not want a family toxic or not does not matter i just do not want a family , friends? i do not have any and i do not want to have because they are just going to use me and throw me away when i am no longer useful to them, but you know even if i could have a good freind i do not want it because i find interacting with humans boring, to tell you truth i think about dying everyday and that thought crossed my mind a billion times, i am not going to lie, i already tried to end it with a knife in my heart but i could not do it.. lol i even failed at my own suicide, living or i should say existing because i am not living become exhausted, i mean how can you find joy in this world when ure mentally numb, i do not feel anything, and i am my religion it is taboo to commit suicide,so i have been thinking about this subject 2 years and i did not even find an answer to my questions, so rn the only reason why i did not tried a third time yeah the second time was when i was trying to suffocate myself but did not work unfortunately is due to my religion. i am a hopeless person, i trie to be nice to others even when they insult, hate me for absolutely no reasons and i hate myself for it, and my dad told me that when i was a child i almost died, i was sick and instead of taking me to a doctor, the woman who gave brith to me choose instead to go shopping, and my dad was against it but he did not want to start a fight so he let her go, while i was suffocating on the arms of my dad and to this day, my dad and i are the only who knows about it , funny right? but i do not blame her even if she is the because of my childhood trauma and if ure suicidal then i am sure you know why i do not blame her it would because i wanted to die that day but god chose to let me live unfortunately.anyway sorry for wasting ur time if you read all this, it is just that i wanted to express how i feel because it is the first time i can.. good luck if ure suffering too. do not read it waste of time
i have 19f been, making it for the past two and a half years when my life began to spiral down. it is been a living hell having to hide so much and live like a worthless, poor excuse of a human to my family, friends, and even boyfriend. i do not deserve the stuff i get and when i do, i feel bad. let me explain, my parents have loved me and my mom tries her best to make me feel as though i am not a burden on the family. my dad showers me in goods and does his best to spend time with me. my brothers on the other hand love to remind me how useless i am and even one for their wives reminds me of my uselessness. at least my middle brother's wife is sweet and says she is proud of me for going to college and getting a life out there. but one of my brother's wife, brothers, and sometimes even my dad reminds me of my uselessness. i cannot explain the feeling of dread everyday and the fact that i am such a nervous wreck, i cannot keep my first job or learn how to drive. i have been sitting at home, wasting away, doing chores, helping out, and feel like a leech for not being able to be independent like i hoped i would be by now. i feel as though i have let not only my family and loved ones down, but mostly myself. i have endured a lot as a kid. loads of endless, non stop bullying in my younger years when i was 7, creepers being creepy, adults enabling the torment i ended up receiving as a child, adults arguing, sickness, loss, loneliness, abandonment, and the list goes on.i want to be happy and see the light at the end of the dark tunnel, but i cannot seem to escape the cold hard reality that life just gets worse and everyone will be gone eventually. i consider myself the stick in the wheel, the rock in the gears, or even the knot in a string. i hold everyone back.it is making me think things before that i have been for years now and i cannot seem to get rid of the thought of having the sweet release of death. to rid me of the pain that is life, me.i know i should not be thinking these things but it is been so difficult and i am so disappointed in myself, i cannot help but think for ways to escape. i feel so gut wretchedly alone, it is unbearable. to the point where i feel like i barely have a life at all.
hi, this is a new account i made just to say this. i have been suffering from depression for a while and that has caused me so many things, i have almost commited suicide before, i have gotten an f, a few w's and incompletes in college but somehow i managed to survive.on top of my problems, there is a lot going on in my life. i am doing a summer college class for the 3rd time and a few days into it, my good friend unexpectedly died. i have a midterm tomorrow which is 30 of my grade and because of this horrible news, i have been depressed, unable to function and i have to make up 10 two hour lectures for the midterm tomorrow. on top of this, due to the pandemic, my father has lost his job and we are about to sell my house because we need the money.the thing is, i have a loving and supportive family, my friends really care about me and i know a lot of people will be affected if i am not here. all i can think about is how to i die and not make it look like i committed suicide. i feel really alone even though i know that there are so many people who care. but i still called my friend because i needed warmth? but i just could not tell him what was wrong with me so i just hung up. i spend most of my time in my room and when i go out of it, i put on a smile in front of my parents but i feel like i have the world on my shoulders. there was a time where i used to tell my really close friends everything, including stuff like this, but for a while i have stopped doing that. i was just listening to music and sobbing. i have had weeky therapy for over 6 months but it just is not working. with my last therapist, i was in such a state also, and i told her what i was feeling, and she told my father what i told her and i felt so hurt by it. so here i am today, feeling the same things but i am unable to tell my current therapist how i am feeling because i am scared that she will tell my parents.sorry if this is too long and too heavy for whoever is reading this. i just typed what was in my head. i do not want to give up, i just feel so much pain for so long and nothing has helped. i posted this on another subreddit, i did not know this subreddit exists so i deleted that post and posted it here. a cry for help...
just some thoughts not really in any specific format, but just processing things as they came to my mind. so just a stream of consciousness. i write a lot that i will never share with anyone i know because i hardly talk to anyone anymore due to my anxiety and feelings of shame. i have not been ok for a very long time, and this does really feel like the end of things. amp x200b i wish i would have done more actingi wish i would have gotten decent at drawing or art in generali wish i was not so constrained in my action and expression because of how i thought people would look at mei wish i had learned to play an instrumenti wish i could have made it abundantly clear how important the people in my life meant to mei wish i had reached out when i was afraidi wish i had not disconnected from everything because of my shamei wish i did better by the people i care fori wish i could start overbecause there is nothing leftemptiness and loneliness pervade my every waking hourthe loneliness is killing me, but i am afraid to speaki can no longer think, and happiness is raretalking with people frees me sometimes, but i do not know how to talk with peoplei wish it had not gone this fari wish i were morei wish i were not so brokenall i wanted was to make people feel betterand i am just a burden on everyone is lifeso maybe its best i continue to hideand disappearits all i am good atand i am ashamedhope has left mei have escaped into distraction, and almost all that i do i cannot feel joyits only you that helped me get through the day,i do not know whyi do not know howand i feel so ashamed, and i cry about itand sometimes i cannot cry, because i feel so numb and disconnectedbut not for lack of wantingthis life was not meant for me,and i hope you will understand that i carei care so muchbut its all dust slipping through my handsbut you are everythingso as long as you are happyi can only hope that you are happybecause i care so muchits the only feeling i have left sometimesday to day just hoping i can do anything to help me pass the timei mourn that elapsed timethere was nothing i could ever dothings do not always just get betterand i am so very afraidso lostso ashamed a collection of thoughts on an empty day
not even going to use a throwaway for this one. i am falling apart, it feels like whenever i allow myself to be just a bit optimistic about anything it fucking falls apart. i am a disabled 20 year old suffering from crippling ocd who is addicted to xanax because i can no longer cope with everything around me crumpling. i enrolled in psychology at university to try and learn how to help myself which only made me feel worse. i was an avid swimmer until covid happened and everything went to shit and as a result i did not qualify for the tokyo paralympics. i already contemplated ending it all then. there was only one person pulling me through all of that and it was my crush, when i was with here my mind was at peace for at least a few hours. well yesterday, she told me that she is in a serious relationship with a mutual friend of ours and i was devastated. here, i have to mention that i did keep my cool while with her but when i left i just spent the night bawling my eyes out. also to clarify i do not nor do i have the right to bear any ill will towards her or our friend her so but it still hurt me to the point where i do not think i can handle spending time with them. i do not plan on ever telling her how i feel about her, i do not want her to feel that she is in any way responsible for this. i have absolutely nothing left, tokyo was my last chance to make it in swimming, my therapy sessions are not progressing because every day some other thing fucks me over like the fact that i am losing control of my legs. my psychologist is doing her best but she can only do so much with what little time we have and i have no stable friend group nor a functional family. the funniest part is, i am disabled so i would need to find someone willing to help me go through with it so i will not be able to even do that. i just wish i could stop existing, i have one last therapy session on friday, i will see how that goes and then i will probably start writing my note, i feel so bad for the people i may hurt but i just do not have the strength anymore. thanks for reading, i am sorry if it disturbed you, i truly am. every single day i get closer and closer and closer while at the same time i care less and less
i hate this word, i hate how lonly i am and how boring everithing is i hate this summer and how hard it his to know new people, everitime my parents complain about me withouth listening to me, just complaining i want to blow my head with a shotgun, i cannot stand them anymore i hate how complicated it is my relationship with the only person thath dosent make me fell lonly, i started to not love even her anymore just because i am afraid thath she dosent love or care about me anymore i hate my future, i do not want to work in a factory for all my life after my graduatiion,i hate how i will never find people tath i can fell close withi hate how much i do not feel love for my family to the point thath i fell guilty, i hate how much my parents do not care how i fell, they just gave up on mei also hate how every one i know disapointed me in some way and thath i really cannot trust nobody, even my family, i hate how detached i feel from my family, i hate how i cannot talk to most of my family beacause of how annoying it is talking to them, its impossible to have a conversation especialy if i talk about my problems i want to go to therapy but guess what, iv been there and therapy sucks, i am too scared of not being understood like arleady happend, i hate how i stopped wanting to improve my life, i am just a zombi doing the same shit everyday every day is getting harder, and i am becoming more depressed, probably also because the lack of school, i also noticed thath for whatever reason, happy event make me depressed, like the day thath i gratuated i was so happy like i was not in years, maybe it was the compliment of the teachers or how unxpectedly well it went, but i just felt so happy, but then for whatever reason i started to feel very depressed, maybe its because in my shittty family nobody wanted to listen how happy i was because, we just do not talk about how we feelsomtimes i wonder i did not chose this, what forces me to stay and its nothing, i am tinking in way thath i can kill myself and even if there are some i do not know if i am really going to do it, i really hate this word, i am tired of doing everithing alone, i wish there was somone to listen i am tired, i just want to die
i am at a point in my life where i have sort've just had enough. i do not have many friends and not so long ago, someone closest to me ended his own life. he already had his issues, worse ones than me and he is tried to do it before.. i do not know why it is surprised me so much but now i feel alone. while i was sitting at home playing games and relaxing my best friend was killing himself and that fact kills me. my girlfriend is not around anymore, she was about the only person who truly made me feel happy. having her around made everything feel better. the entire relationship gave me something i desperately needed, hope that i could be better and confidence, something i always had very little of. now that is gone too and i blame myself and my issues for it. i have my own issues as well. i have anxiety which has gotten so bad to the point where i cannot go to uni simply because i am scared. not to mention depression which just feels like it is getting worse and worse by the week. suicidal thoughts are constant, nowadays. they do not stop. i think about it a lot when i try to sleep and as messed up as it sounds, it is the only thought that comforts me and helps me sleep. i just hate myself nowadays and i genuinely cannot imagine myself ever liking myself.not so long ago i did some research online on what drugs could because an overdose and decided that was the easiest way to go about it, along with a decent amount of prescription drugs that i have at home. i am truly at the end of my rope. i dislike living and what scares me is the fact that i truly want to die. i feel i have no future. not so long ago i decided i would wait till after my birthday to do it. not because i want to be around for my last birthday, but because my grandmother was born on the same day as me and my older brother was born the day prior so i did not want to screw it up for them, but that thoughtfulness is gone and i am about ready to throw my trainwreck of a life away tonight. i do not really have anyone to tell these things to so i figured a bunch of online strangers would not be the worst thing in the world. i am sorry for making this thing longer than it should have. i am no longer interested in living.
so i broke up with my boyfriend, telling him i need a break. the reason being i am only 22 and hes 27 and he wants to be with me forever, he said i am the one for him. i have a disorganised attachment style. meaning i am pulled between desperately wanting affection anxious to not wanting any affection at all and wanting to just end the relationship because i feel its an attack on my independence avoidant he said he loves me and will wait for me. i said i will only need a few weeks or a month or something to get myself together. i just feel locked in, like i am so young and will be with this person forever. hes perfect for me. when i was feeling suicidal once he took 2 days off work to be with me to make sure i am okay. hes a good communicator, he cares and loves me. there is no drama as i am used to in other relationships. so anyway, the night i broke up with him i got insanely drunk and ended up going to a former fwb house and had sex with him. i also messaged one of my co workers for sex.. so embarrassing because hes the type that will tell everyone at work and make me look like a desperate slag. then the next day i had to work, despite being super hung over. like not in the sick way, just my whole body could not stop shaking. whenever i tried to serve a customer id shake uncontrollably and had to go out the back and i ended up crying. anyway to sum it all up, i am embarrassed, like i need to quit my job right now because i never want to face any of them again and feel like my coworkers probably think i am crazy and stupid. although they do know the reason i was acting that way. but now all i want to do is die. i have slept for almost 24 hours, the most i have ever slept in my life. i woke up a few times but could not bear putting up with the thoughts so i went back to sleep. i feel like i have made a big mistake. i have screwed up being with a guy that is perfect for me, just because of my need for independence and wanting to sleep around.. like how ridiculous and selfish. my life is a mess. i have no friends and no one that cares. all i want to do is take a bottle of pills and die. please help. i broke up with my boyfriend 2 days ago, now i feel so suicidal. please help.
last week, i made a passive choice to stop fighting. this is not my first time here but, i think this is really going to be it for me. these are my reasons why 1. nobody would miss memy family moved out of the country parents siblings and are now permanent residents of another country that i do not have access to plane ticket prices covid restrictions i am a foreigner so i cannot ever just live with them . its funny, they did not even tell me they were moving until they got their passports renewed two months before. i was just in college and they left me here by myself. so yes, i think i have good reason to believe that my death would not impact the day to day life of my immediate family. my old friends and i barely talk. i do not have a job or coworkers. i live with my ex and as soon as i move out, we will be going no contact. so there, nobody would legitimately miss me in any way that is actually meaningful. in fact, i could bet you that i could go a month being dead somewhere and nobody would notice. 2. i am not important. like i said, i do not have a job. i do not have friends. i do not have a partner. i do not have anything going on in my life. i do not even have pets who depend on me. if anything, because i cannot find work, i can only assume that my skills and education are useless in the current market. i have nothing to offer anybody. 3. i do not want to be here. id say this is the least important one but if it still matters. if all of the above is true, then what reason do i have to be here if i do not want to be? i have no prospects. my future looks bleak. id rather control my death if i cannot even control my life. so there. these are my justifications. after i leave this apartment, and my ex no longer expects to hear from me, i will find a peaceful place, away from everybody and say goodbye to this world. i cannot say that its been good but i really did my best. i tried very hard for a long time. i just think that i have nothing to offer to anybody or anything. the world will be no different with or without me. i am posting this because i do not think its fair to tell this to anybody irl. i want a quiet exit but i also just want to explain myself. my reasons why
hello. on the beggining i would like to say that i am not planning to kill myself, but i am broken and i need some fresh view on the whole situation... amp x200b on friday i had the most important exam in my life, which i have passed, but i know for sure that it was a shame. i was defending i am not native, so sorry for mistakes my master thesis, where was my supervisor, dean and reviewer of my work. they asked me 3 questions from my thesis and 3 from my study. and i totally fucked up 2 3 questions from my study from dean and reviewer and i know that it was a shame. finally, i passed and they told me that they heard i want to go for phd and they wished me good luck. i was so stressed and nervous with this whole situations and i told them that after today's exam i do not know if i am going to go for phd. after that i talked with my supervisor and he told me that, i do not know how to say it in english, but that one question was bad. but these two questions was not from my field of work. after 30 minutes supervisor texted me he has time and we can talk. i was so stressed and emotional after this exam, mostly because he saw this shame. but i texted him, 'ok, but it is a shame for me to go to him'. but i went and we talked a little. he said something about my phd and i told him that i am not sure if i am cable of going there. he said that he will not tell me what to do, because it has to be my own decission. after that i thanked him two times and we made an appointment for a coffee. later i texted him i am very sorry and i was emotional and stressed and if he still wants me on this phd, i definitely want to continue work with him and thanked him again. he replied me like emoji. he is very important for me, because he had awaken my passion again after some crisis. but now i feel so shamed i feel stupid to show myself in front of his eyes because of this exam and my 'i am so stupid and not coming for phd' mood. i do not know what he thinks about it, if he undeestands this whole stress and everything. can you tell me what to do? should i go with him for this coffee after this...? thank you for comments. if it is somehow important, i studied physics. i do not know what to do
i am so tired of everything, i have not seen a psychologist or a psychiatric in months they never call me back but oh well , i hate the fact that my psychologist sent me to a psych ward again two months ago. i have given up on getting better honestly. i am not saying i am going to kill myself just yet, but it would not be the first or second, or third, or fourth... time i have tried to. i do not care if maybe things get better, i just do not know how long i can hold on. i have got my bf and my best friend and only friend tbh who are supporting as best as they can, but it is so hard. i cannot keep having these damn hallucinations and voices constantly but whenever i tell my psychologist, she just tells me it is part of my anxiety and depression. from what i mentioned on an alt account a while back, people seem to think that schizophrenia is the most likely thing. i have pretty much lost touch with reality, i genuinely do not know what is real and what is fake anymore. all my meds are useless and i always feel like trash. i just wish i was not born, or i was born normal like everyone says. my dad hates me, my mum does not understand me and my sister just tells me to off myself already and stop wasting everyone is time. i am starting to see that that is my only option. why so i have to keep suffering? why cannot i just die already? but no, i cannot. i have to act like everything is okay, like i am fine. i can find comfort in my bf and best friend, my favorite videogames, horror movies, musicals and drawings. they are literally the only things i can 'feel good around'. and to quote the perfect line for my feelings there is nothing for me here. i am alone, forsaken, invisible. lydia deetz. i mean, if i cannot even stop crying, how can i stop myself from dying? i will shut up now, so if you actually read all of this silly rant, thank you. i do not really have much to give, but i can make you a little drawing if you would like. i imagine you are going through a lot too, and i hope things get better. i will not lie to you, i cannot guarantee it, but i am here if you just want someone to listen. take care of yourselves, i appreciate you lt 3 a stupid rant about some stuff
i am so tired of everything, i have not seen a psychologist or a psychiatric in months they never call me back but oh well , i hate the fact that my psychologist sent me to a psych ward again two months ago. i have given up on getting better honestly. i am not saying i am going to kill myself just yet, but it would not be the first or second, or third, or fourth... time i have tried to. i do not care if maybe things get better, i just do not know how long i can hold on. i have got my bf and my best friend and only friend tbh who are supporting as best as they can, but it is so hard. i cannot keep having these damn hallucinations and voices constantly but whenever i tell my psychologist, she just tells me it is part of my anxiety and depression. from what i mentioned on an alt account a while back, people seem to think that schizophrenia is the most likely thing. i have pretty much lost touch with reality, i genuinely do not know what is real and what is fake anymore. all my meds are useless and i always feel like trash. i just wish i was not born, or i was born normal like everyone says. my dad hates me, my mum does not understand me and my sister just tells me to off myself already and stop wasting everyone is time. i am starting to see that that is my only option. why so i have to keep suffering? why cannot i just die already? but no, i cannot. i have to act like everything is okay, like i am fine. i can find comfort in my bf and best friend, my favorite videogames, horror movies, musicals and drawings. they are literally the only things i can 'feel good around'. and to quote the perfect line for my feelings there is nothing for me here. i am alone, forsaken, invisible. lydia deetz. i mean, if i cannot even stop crying, how can i stop myself from dying? i will shut up now, so if you actually read all of this silly rant, thank you. i do not really have much to give, but i can make you a little drawing if you would like. i imagine you are going through a lot too, and i hope things get better. i will not lie to you, i cannot guarantee it, but i am here if you just want someone to listen. take care of yourselves, i appreciate you lt 3 a stupid rant about some stuff
i have been browsing through this subreddit for who knows how long, at least a few weeks, maybe a month.i do not think i have ever posted here though, until now.anyway, so stuff has been really shitty at home. i have been living with narcissists all my life, and now that i am 18 things have gotten way worse.to spare you all my life story, my mom is an abusive pos and my grandma and to some extent, my grandpa are enablers of her and are on her side. my mom spread lies about me and used her persuasiveness to get an unknown number of people to believe that she never abused me. or that what she did was not abuse.i have been job searching for 6 months at this point. i have been looking for remote work, due to my location and not wanting to be chained to this area if i want to move, and so i do not leave a paper trail of my earnings etc in case my grandma opens my mail again. i have made about 50 usd freelancing, but finding work is hard and sifting through the shitty posts or the ones that do not relate to my skills is taking a toll. i just want to leave. i am living with my grandparents and my mom recently moved back in. she is just as physically and emotionally abusive as she always was. i cannot stand her.my grandma apparently wants me to pay 400 a month in rent when i can find a job, but for some reason could not tell me that directly and passed the dirty work on to my mom. i wanted to move out before then, so i do not have to pay to stay here and be tethered to this place.but everything i do fails. i have submitted probably hundreds of resumes to remote jobs, only to never hear back 99 of the time, or get rejected. i am starting to wonder why i even try, when i cannot even take 99 of my belongings with me when i can move without my family trying to get into a legal battle over gifts which are my property and not my mother's. why not just end it and stop my awful contributions to the world so no one has to deal with me again? it is not like i will ever get my dream career anyway. or be who i want to be in life, instead of staying in the closet while i live with my parent like the rest of the relatives i live with do. long time lurker.... first time posting here
i need to be dead, but i cannot bring myself to commit suicide. but i made a plan, a week ago, and at first i wanted to wait untill my sister leaves for uni, but i do not think ill be able to make it for this long. i honestly never thought it would come to this, i said i wanted to be dead, i prayed to die countless of times, but always thought i am too much of a wuss to actually kill myself i am not so sure anymore. i cannot keep up a job. i started working now after almost a year of sitting at home, but i am already breaking down and had panic attack before and at work. i am living with my father even though i will be 21 soon. i do not even know what to say and how to explain myself to others anymore. i have no future, no plans, no nothing. all my energy goes into trying to survive, into getting through the day, into not killing myself. i cannot deal with people. i have severe social anxiety. no one understands me, and i cannot do therapy because i just go mute everytime. i am terrified of going to the doctors. i am not even registered with a gp. i am not from the uk i have taken fluoxetine, lamotrigine when i was still in school, likely as a misuderstandimg because i would not say anything, and i would miss my appointments because my mother would not take me there and sertraline last year, privately, through online appointments because i am incapable of going to a real doctors office and none od them worked. they made me feel nauseous and gave me headaches. i also went through an episode of unexplained joint and bone pains, that made me lay on bed and cry from the pain. i have trouble sleeping. i had times where i did not eat much, and now i am overeating and bingeing, cannot get myself to cook real food or clean. i got fat, and hate myself. i cannot stand it anymore. i am tired and want it to finally end. it is such a horrible feeling because i know how i will die, i know i will kill myself. it is just a matter of time, i just do not know when exactly it will happen. its hard, but i know i really do not have much time left because living is just unbearable. i do not know why i wrote this, but i guess it is good to get it off my chest or smth. just a rant.
i have an abusive parent. i have never had any friends or any personal contacts at all who were not abusive. my whole life, i just drifted towards people who treat me the way that parent does. amp x200b i have tried to make other friends, but they always abandon me because they see me having anxiety attacks. amp x200b i have never had a non abusive friendship that lasted longer than a month. amp x200b i have never had a job that lasted longer than 2 months. amp x200b if i do not get a job soon, i am going to have to move back in with that abusive parent, and near enough to other abusive people from my past that i will not be able to avoid them. amp x200b contact from said abusive parent made me have an anxiety attack so bad that i could barely talk during one job interview and lost that opportunity. amp x200b i want to cut this person off completely, but i have absolutely no one else to talk to. amp x200b i have absolutely 0 people who i am not a complete stranger to. amp x200b i call the suicide hotlines a lot and they make me feel worse. i have been to hospitals for all that kind of stuff, they always make me feel worse. the only times i have ever seriously attempted suicide were right after leaving hospitals, because of the way i was treated in the hospital. amp x200b i am used to making posts like this and getting more hurtful comments from people. like. if you have never had any friends, it must be because you are a selfish asshole, you need to go out and just do more for other people and give more to other people i told myself that for 10 years and it made me stay in so many abusive relationships. amp x200b and people offer to be friends with me, but then they turn on me and get abusive when they find out i write erotic fanfics, or things like that. or when they find out i do not live in the same country as them. amp x200b usually i end up relying on that abuser for emotional support, because, as abusive as they are half the time, the other half, they are better than people online. even their abusive side is friendlier than people online have ever been to me. amp x200b so i do not know why i am here. no personal contacts at all except my abuser
my past, unsuccessful suicide attempts obviously had emotion in it. motive. pain. a means to an end. that changed however, and, i approach suicide as something... desirable. i know, it is weird, but i need to get it outta my chest. i feel like it is something that will lead me to an adventure, somewhat similar to religion and the afterlife. i want to find out if it is true, i want to reach through the looking glass that the voices in my head are hiding behind. i ditched the meds my psych gave me, ran away from home for 3 days, slept among wild animals in the wilderness. the thrill of danger, the unforgettable fear i felt walking at night waiting for an animal to devour me lmao such a beastar vibe having a guy threaten me with a knife, all of that, made me... want to feel death steal my breath. it is fucked up, i know, but i wanted to prove to myself that i really wanted to die, to kill myself, to steal my own life away. i only ended up proving to myself that a part of me wanted to live, i wanted to feel like i have accomplished something. i am split into two people, and they clash with one another. i feel that, even if i got everything i wanted, i would still not be able to shake off this desire.i am going to boarding school tomorrow, and i am afraid i will be in worse hands with people who do not understand me. my parents do not understand me. they care, they have tried, but it is not enough. i hate myself so much for that, knowing that i am too much for my parents to handle. even my psych threatened me with borstal schools school for underage criminals . i. do not. blame. them. i just wish i was... normal . even the other kids in school do not bother to keep it low when they talk behind my back. it hurts, but i cannot do anything about it. sad, is not it? i think it is pathetic.i am looking for advice, as i did not just post to rant. should i tell my parents this? this would mean postponing me going back to school for some time, and the curriculum has been squeezed because of the pandemic lockdowns, it is very suffocating. but i assume getting me help is better than taking my body to a mortuary? it is funny to think that i may try to kill myself
i feel genuinely fortunate to actually have friends and family that care about me, but i also struggle with the idea that they do not really want me around. that i am only burdening them. and it just makes me wonder if i were to die, would they be upset? how long would it take them to forget about me? they are the only things keeping me here, but it also hurts feeling like they do not actually like me. i feel like if i end it, id be doing them a huge favor.i have been having a lot of anxiety and panic attacks within the last 6 months i used to only get them around once a month, but lately its been more than once a week and i feel like with my problems building, i am just disappointing everyone around me. i thought getting a new job would help, but now i am dealing with the fact that i do not have anyone i am close with at work and having to learn new things and the anxiety of messing up and its been making everything worse. my other job was god awful with stress, i would put in lots of overtime and we were very short staffed constantly, and as an asm, i had a lot of pressure on me to get things done and right 100 of the time. the only thing that kept me around there was the fact that i got along with everyone. my boss was someone i genuinely looked up to as a person and as a professional. now at my new job, i found out one of my bosses is the least liked in the store, so now i am dealing with the anxiety that i am going to disappoint her and she is going to have it out for me eventually. i am already a timid person naturally and putting in the effort to make friends at work is so hard, especially when everyone seems so closed off. and i am awkward as hell on top of that. and now i feel like my personal relationships are deteriorating because the anxiety and stress work is causing is exhausting me from even making an effort anymore.i just really hate how we have to work to survive and i do not even want to survive. i cannot be unemployed because i have bills but the stress from working is literally eating me up and killing me. why do we live to work and make money? i do not even want to live i live in constant fear of everyone in my life leaving me
i posted here the other day, i was drunk as shit and figured that was it. i get that way sometimes when i drink. the past few days though it has not left me like it usually does. i still really and i do mean really, want to blow my fucking brains out. its all i can fuckin think about, especially at work.... i work 11 00pm 7am, 7 days a week except sunday, which is 7 00pm 7 00am. i cannot fucking stand it anymore. that is not entirely why i want to check out, but lately it has been the biggest factor. i also do not want to quit, its a good job, but were to fuckin short staffed and i am murdering myself working because i literally have no option. i cannot call off unless its a genuine emergency. its fucking with me though enough to the point where eating a .45 is preferable. other than that its either shatter my femur and get a week or two off, but then i am like 150k in medical debt. i love the job and i do not mind working, i just have not had a day off in literally two months, and june 30th the 4th i worked 110 hours, 42 of them straight through from saturday at 1 00pm monday at 7 00am. i am just burnt out and ill be working literally every single day after this post until we hire another guard, which does not seem likely since nobodies applying for fuckin jobs, so i am fucked. i just want to fucking end it so goddamn bad. i cannot stand this shit anymore man, ya know? theirs definitely more behind why i want to, but this has been the kicker lately. full disclosure as much as i may want to blow my fucking brains out with a furious passion, i shall not anytime soon. my mother is the only family i have and vice versa, and i cannot do that to her. its just such an overwhelming feeling that i am afraid if i end up getting to drunk and especially distraught one night i might end up pullin the trigger, accidentally or otherwise. its just nice to put it out in the ether. half the time i try and talk to my friends about it they just get pissed, sayin its selfish and the other half just get uncomfortable and do not know what to say, which i am cool with both. its a touchy subject unfortunately.... i have an overwhelming urge to just fuckin pop my top off.
what else to add? i did not chose to become pregnant and a single mother. there is more story to this but i do not want to write too much right now, as it is really traumatic for me my parents basically pressured me into keeping the child. but tbh i do not know if i would have been able to get a abortion mentally if they were not involved.i love my little one. i really do. now it is too late anyway. i will do my best to care for my baby, but i am suffering. i would honestly kill myself if i were not pregnant a parent to a child who needs me. how can i manage the pain for at least 18 years from now on? i am only 20 y o and have no friends. i just have my close family stepfather, mother, younger brother and it is currently very stressful at home. they fight a lot and i feel like a burden to them, but i have no alternative, nowhere else to go.they told me that i and their future grandchild can stay with them and they will support me. i would leave and make it easier for them, but i obviously cannot make this decision bc of my lo.i have no other option than staying with them. i am financially unstable and basically a failed human being, not able to care for myself and my child . i am in a very bad mental state right now and i do not know how to manage anymore professional help hospital is no option. i do not have that much money and cannot expect my parents to pay. i already was diagnosed in the past but my parents basically undiagnosed me, as they know better than all of the mental health professionals i have seen in the past . i feel so bad for even having this kind of thoughts, but i kind of wish i will die due to birth complications. nobody would consider blaming me.i am such an asshole for even thinking that, i know.i am so sorry my little one. mummy is trying very hard to stay safe for you. do not worry guys. i would never do intentional harm to myself as long as baby is inside of me. i love him so much and he is the only reason i am still alive. i sadly cannot talk to anyone about this. i am so lonely.thanks for reading. i want to stop existing but i am 33 weeks pregnant so i cannot do anything but suffer for the next at least 18 years
i was always a good person. i never did anything wrong. always was the nerd in class, good grades and all. my family had money, great life, future was bright. well, i could not find a job after i graduated, even with all my good grades and all the courses i did in my life. i am a lawyer compliance analyst in brazil. with specialization and all. but the country is in shit. that is not the only problem though. it is been more than 5 years that i graduated. i was not able to find anything. and... 5 years ago, my world, my mother, was diagnosed with cancer. now, she is in really bad shape. my father is nuts, angry about everything he sees, and my sister is crazy literally , diagnosed with a lot of mental problems and have a lot of of problems with drugs. i do not even drink alcohol. never did. i have a great girlfriend, that i love a lot. but i do not see a future for me. not here. not this way. and i cannot make myself change this situation. it is dawn hard, and there is not much i could do. so, i decided to kill myself after my mother dies and that will be it. i think it will be better for everyone. i do not want my other sister spending her hard earned money keeping me alive, or to live in this empty house with my dad screaming at everything. why is it so hard to find a job? i worked in my curriculum in my entire life for nothing, because i do not have contacts. no one wants to hire a guy without experience with my age 27 . and seriously, i do not want to live a life in this country, they pay you 1100 reais per month for a 10 hours per day job or more it is never 8 hours . and you cannot buy shit. a new car is 45000 reais. 600 reais for month just to eat basic things. 5000 reais a ps5. dude, this is not a life. it is slavery. you literally work, sleep and work again. eating badly, not having time to do shit. why would someone spend a life like that? that is no life. but what else could i do? i thought about going to canada, start again there, but do what? i do not know! well... sorry about telling you all this. it is just a hard situation that i do not see a happy ending. i decided to kill myself, and i need someone to change my mind.
i miss my danish friend. we met on reddit, he saw my post at r selfie and came to talk to me. his name was michael, he said he worked in germany. he was a pansexual and had some lovers. he wanted me to be his lover.we were similar in personality and hit it off, he could fully understand me, even my slight sadness. i have never met such a person in real life before. we got along very well and talked about everything. i trusted him, he liked me. he was like another soul of mine. he also said that i reminded him of his past self. he was always gentle and considerate, just like a band aid, covering my pain.however, from the beginning to the end, we only knew each other for about half a month. my days are numbered, so i said goodbye to him ten days ago. he did not respond to my message. but i am not disappointed, because this is his behavior style.strangely, since then, i have never dared to review our chat records. as if suddenly, they became deserted ruins, overgrown with weeds, which seemed to be unreal.i cannot even think about how happy we used to be, and occasionally i shudder at the thought. those memories have sunk into the darkness, and michael seems to have completely disappeared.yesterday, i went to talk to him again. i know, no one will respond to me. but, i am dying, i just want to find a place to talk to myself. however, when i wrote the first message, i suddenly collapsed. i felt like i have returned to an abandoned home, with old furniture still in place, but people were gone.i sat on the empty bed, trembling, waiting for his appearance. i felt like i was writing to a ghost. i expected him to hug me, kiss me, comfort me, and stretch out a pale hand and touch me in the dark.how unreal online relationships are. are all the stories of your lovers true? does your voice, my name written on your hand really belong to a man named michael? why are you so hesitant when i want a picture of you without a beard?i am weak and have a headache. it is raining outside. today, i am going to commit suicide. although i put it off, the script has already been written, and i cannot escape it.i am tired. michael, hug me. i miss my danish friend
without too much details i tried twice, one was meh, second was pretty close, i was hospitalized for 2 weeks and got out with just complications with my intestines. last one was on december, when my only reason that made me postpone it left me for after 8,5 years. i was engaged and she left. when i talked to my shrink, after i did it, about it we were discussing how others, how my shrink, how my friends would think and feel. that is one of the main reason why i have chosen a few methods that will not damage the surface. because i know my parents would like to see my body. i am 34, just bought a house where i was supposed to live with my wife but like i said she left. i am thinking of leaving the house and whatever inside to her. i am still making the house the dream home i wanted us to live in and when it is done, i am gone it rhymes d i am just thinking of ways to make it better for the ones left behind. my friends, family, maybe a few coworkers. i want them to understand why i do it, what i felt, why it has been my purpose for about 8 9 years and the reasons why i just postponed. i have an okay house, meh job, good friends, awesome, beyond awesome 3 cats. but waking up, eating, sleeping, working, thinking, doing literally anything is just too much. i do not have anything to expect, anything to live for i really want to see the diablo 2 resurrected though but most likely i will not i am thinking of personalized, unlisted, scheduled youtube videos for my friends, maybe playlists, about how i feel daily, my happy moments etc like personal vlogs so when i am gone they can watch those and at least try to understand what was going on with me i know they will not, they will blame themselves probably why they were not there for me but actually they do not even know. if i have 1 good quality of mine, i can distract and hide stuff well. at least that is what i think. so any suggestions? what shall i leave for them to make it slightly better and easier to acknowledge that it has nothing to do with them but me and i am quite happy, or at least accepted the results, with my choice? how would you make it better for the ones who left behind?
i have no hobbies, no interests, no friends, i have no motivation for anything, no future. the only thing i still care about and have still been hanging on for is my parents. i have been thinking about suicide for a while but they are the only reason i have not gone through with it yet. yesterday was just like any normal day, everything was fine. i had just picked up the movie spiral and was wanting to watch it with my dad the next night since we were both big saw fans. i went to sleep and the next thing i know my family was waking me up saying he had a heart attack while on a walk with the dog. we rushed to the hospital, where they told us they could not bring him back and he was gone. it felt like such a surreal moment, like none of it was even real. i saw his body and cried so fucking much, but it is like it has not fully sunken in yet. it probably will though soon. and when it does.. i think i am finally going to do it. for the past several years i have been struggling with bad dpdr and depression, and because of it i have been avoidant of a lot of stuff. i have gone out less and less, talked to people less, even going out places with my family. anytime they would go somewhere and asked me to come i would say no and just stay home. i wish i could take back all those times. wish i would have not been such a lazy piece of shit and actually made the effort to get better and spend time with them. if i had actually said something, or went to a doctor about it, and not waste my life by sitting around doing nothing, avoiding it and avoiding them. wish i would have done more with him. wish i would have done more with all my family. a couple weeks ago i told him a bit about some of my problems, and i promised him i would start going out more and try to get better. he was one of the only things left i still cared about and lived for, and now that he is gone.. i do not think i have the strength to keep going. i am sorry to everyone. sorry to my dad. sorry to my family. sorry to everyone i was ever an asshole to. i wish i could go back 10 years and just have a do over on everything. my dad just died and i think i am going to kill myself
i have been doing very poorly... i have ideation of suicide but no plans to do so. i recently moved to a new state, discovered i was trans mtf , came out to some close friends, and recently re entered the closet. it is not the best time for me to follow through, i cannot afford to transition and i would be essentially exiled from my entire extended and immediate family. i needed help and desperately tried reaching out to my close friends, but they will rarely speak to me now. when i confronted them about this, they gave the typical excuses of we have just grown apart, or lives are too busy to keep in touch, or i am just not good at maintaining long distance friendships, and other assorted ways to assuage responsibility for being my friend. it is somewhat understandable, but i have no one here. i am living in my parent's house, alone, while they fucked off to the north for vacation. i am spending six weeks in complete isolation while i do my job through doordash. i have taken to alcohol, drink 2 or 3 four locos per night, finish off any empty cans when i wake up. i am a mess, and when i ask for help, my friend have responded with silence. i get a response once a day if i am lucky, and it is always some half hearted ironic oof or same. i know they would regret that response if i were to unalive myself, which is disturbingly what i secretly wish. them to be wrapped in pain and regret for not being there when i needed them most. i know it is sickening, and i hate myself even more for thinking it. but i long to be mourned, even though i will never live to see those reactions. i only want to live in the memories of loved ones, because physically living is just... hell. even when i hold the absurd privileges of upper middle class existence, there is no joy, no happiness. just stale wheat toast without butter, it is burnt black coffee that is gone lukewarm. the pointlessness, the endless trudging on, knowing you will be faced with more meaninglessness. the connections we make become the ladder out of this pit of despair, but my ladder just is not there anymore. and i have no fucking idea how to build one. my friends are not there for me
i have no hobbies, no interests, no friends, i have no motivation for anything, no future. the only thing i still care about and have still been hanging on for is my parents. i have been thinking about suicide for a while but they are the only reason i have not gone through with it yet. yesterday was just like any normal day, everything was fine. i had just picked up the movie spiral and was wanting to watch it with my dad the next night since we were both big saw fans. i went to sleep and the next thing i know my family was waking me up saying he had a heart attack while on a walk with the dog. we rushed to the hospital, where they told us they could not bring him back and he was gone. it felt like such a surreal moment, like none of it was even real. i saw his body and cried so fucking much, but it is like it has not fully sunken in yet. it probably will though soon. and when it does.. i think i am finally going to do it. for the past several years i have been struggling with bad dpdr and depression, and because of it i have been avoidant of a lot of stuff. i have gone out less and less, talked to people less, even going out places with my family. anytime they would go somewhere and asked me to come i would say no and just stay home. i wish i could take back all those times. wish i would have not been such a lazy piece of shit and actually made the effort to get better and spend time with them. if i had actually said something, or went to a doctor about it, and not waste my life by sitting around doing nothing, avoiding it and avoiding them. wish i would have done more with him. wish i would have done more with all my family. a couple weeks ago i told him a bit about some of my problems, and i promised him i would start going out more and try to get better. he was one of the only things left i still cared about and lived for, and now that he is gone.. i do not think i have the strength to keep going. i am sorry to everyone. sorry to my dad. sorry to my family. sorry to everyone i was ever an asshole to. i wish i could go back 10 years and just have a do over on everything. my dad just died and i think i am going to kill myself
people always say how only you are in charge of your life and shit, but that is just objectively not true. you need other people to do things like hire you, befriend you, love you. there is only so much you can do for yourself. i was the youngest child in a homeschooled family with 3 other kids and by the time i popped out, my parents had pretty much stopped caring about what happened. i spent most of my childhood alone or hanging out with the characters i created in my head. all of my sisters and family members are constantly talking about how i missed out. missed out on the fun things they used to do, missed out on having a dad who gave a shit about me, missed out on most people even giving half a shit. i have been so starved of human love and affection that i recently realized i was in love with one of my characters. how pathetic is that? i am like lars and the real girl but even more cringe. relationships have never worked out for me, platonically or otherwise. the only friends i can keep around are all hundreds of miles away and if they knew me in person, they would probably leave too. i did everything right. went to college, got straight as for the almost decade i was there and yet i still cannot get a job that is not a scam, keep any friends around, or find someone who thinks i am worth more than just sex. i think i just grew up being socially fucked from being alone all the time as a kid that there is no coming back from it. i have been praying to gods that i do not believe exist to give me just one thing that will make life worth sticking around for for over a year and there is absolutely nothing for me here on this earth. every day and every rejection i get from the outside world just pushes me further and further into my head and the paracosm i have created there. i know it is not realistic, but i hope that death brings me there. i see nothing in this life worth living for. what is left? working slave labor hours to be underpaid and struggle to pay for a 1 bedroom apartment for the rest of my life until global warming fucks up the earth so bad there are endless wars and famines? what is the point??? i am done.
i dream a lot nowadays.. i dream when i am awake and i dream when i am asleep. i dream when i am working, and when i am doing nothing at all. at first it felt nice.. dreaming all day and night. forgetting reality and thriving in another world, as another person. there, in those dreams i could be everything i wish i was now.. it was and is still so welcoming. but slowly daydream after daydream i forget that it is not real.. i forget that those emotions and people that this world i created is not real.. ill see my surroundings change when i am taking a walk outside all of a sudden i am in a forbidden forest. when i look down to my clothes i am wearing a corset and dress, instead of the jeans and crop top i wear out.. and then ill whisper words to no one but in my day dream i speak normally and with a friend. ill wave my hands, and ill cry and feel every emotion in my bones, as if it were real. then all of a sudden i am dragged back into reality, my mind still hardwired to that of my daydream and i think things like when i find a dragon or of course! the bermuda triangle is where all the mythical creatures hide themselves away from humans! and i forget that it is not real. that in reality that type of magic does not exist. then i fall into depression again as i remember my life is not like the books i read.. even as a witch who communicates with her gods the type of magic where you just wave your hands and everything is suddenly clean and put together is not true that fairies are not real and werewolves and dragons do not exist. i forget to often what is real and what is not, the lines they blur and i fear i am going crazy. like i am split between another reality and this one. escapism has become to much, instead of the great coping mechanism it was its started to slowly kill me.. is it wrong of me to want to let these daydreams overwhelm me.. is it wrong that i want to stay in them forever.. never waking from them.. i want to let them drag me away, kill me, and overwhelm me.. all because i do not wish to face reality again. my dreams are taking control of my life and i can no longer tell what is reality and what is not
i am a 19y o girlfor background, i have not had a good relationship with my dad since i can remember, when i was 7 he threatened to strangle me, and our relationship for years has been strained because of several incidents. i also do not have a good relationship with my mum, because as a kid id constantly be yelled at by her, and as i grew older, she yelled less, but always backed my dad when he placed another traumatic event on me. because of trauma that i have experienced, i have developed what my psychologist thinks and is working on getting me a dx for is bpd. my dad while i was growing up tended to use violence as a way to make me behave more than any parent i knew most peoples parents would smack them lightly, but even that stopped around the time they started high school. when i was 14, i was slapped so hard my mouth bled, and when i was 15, i was punched. i was terrified of both my parents growing up.i tend to be very impulsive i spend excessively, and drink excessively. in august last year, i drank more than half of a bottle of vodka in one night, and tried to kill myself. the police were called, and then the ambulance, and i ended up in hospital on a drip for the night. i am 411 and weigh 40kg, so that was way more than i could handle. and on december 30th, 2020, i drank an entire wine bottle, 8.5 drinks, in an hour. again, that was too much for me, and my mum realised i was drunk and came to my room. she told me she was going to call the ambulance on me again, and i told her not to the last time i went in august was incredibly traumatic, and i cannot hear a siren even now without reliving it . she kept threatening to, so in my state, i jumped down, pushed her onto my bed and choked her. i fucking choked her. not to kill, just to scare her from calling anyone. i am so terribly ashamed of it, and have been for months, and i am fighting not to kill myself. but i do not think i can. i am a horrible person, and i deserve to die. i deserve a painful death. i am going to do it tonight. i just wanted to get this out before i did. i hope my girlfriend will be okay i did something and i do not deserve to be alive
i am choosing to extend it till tomorrow since i have to help my family sign some documents regarding financial matters. doing so will allow them to get some money in their hands. if i die now, they will not get this cash they have been waiting for in over 10 years. the one decent thing i can do for them before i goanyways, i have borderline personality disorder. if you have this disorder, i think you can clearly understand why i am done with it. this disorder has effectively ruined my life. through in a bunch of continuous trauma and you have a mentally destroyed person who cannot take anymore pain. yesterday was, yet again, another bad relapse. i ended up hurting a frined and they blocked me. i reached out to our mutual friends but i think the damage is now done. i am fucking tired of these suicidal relapses, mistakes, and hurtful abusive behavior. there is a reason we have a bad rep and are known as abusers. sad to say, it exists for a reason. i am done. not only will i not be suffering anymore pain, i will not live with hurting people anymore as well. i cannot take this shit. hey, maybe some people can live with bpd. are willing to deal with the rollercoaster of pain and life and make it work. cool. but i realized i should have given up a long time ago tomorrow, after signing the documents, i will commit suicide. i will walk to a bridge not too far from where i live and jump. this will be over. i am not doing this shit anymore. every time i decided to live and get better moments like yesterday remind me that i am not cut out for life. i should have listened to myself at 13. when my mother was abusing me i told myself i have to kill myself to escape . but i thought about hope . hope? the fuck is that. life raped me in the ass every year after that. did not care about me, and nothing i did to help myself mattered either. still got abused, sexually assaulted years later, and hurt in other ways by other people. so, suffice to say, i am done. i will send people i know suicide letters and send them. turn off all my electronics and then die. the end. i am not living with this disorder. i will bridge jump tomorrow
18, m. let me just get straight into it.for the past 3 months now, every time i pass my window, i am almost 100 certain someone is watching me and it stresses me out and makes me anxious. i feel watched inside my room almost like people can see through the wall. but it does not stop there. i feel spied by the government every time i use an electronic device and that they are plotting against me. i have blocked my camera with something, which has helped a bit, but i still feel like they are listening to my thoughts through the camera somehow. when i am alone in my room, i sometimes sense another presence. and it does not stop there.i do not trust many of my friends. i believe some of them are masters at manipulation and i am too socially inexperienced to detect it. i 'read' things hidden messages in casual conversations at times. when i say goodbye to them, my first thought is that they are talking behind my back, and it makes me question whether i should stop hanging out with them. sometimes, it becomes too much, so i end accusing them of manipulation lies and become aggressive. of course, they are in complete denial. this is where i start to question whether any of my thoughts are real. i cannot trust my own thoughts, but i do not trust the words of others either. these thoughts pop up every day out of nowhere. they are so intrusive and inescapable that i just want to die because the anguish is unbearable. it is like my thoughts are disturbed and incohesive. i then wake up the next day, unable to recognize any of my beliefs and thoughts from the night before. my thoughts also are not disturbed or incohesive they are somewhat normal again.fyi, i have been diagnosed with aspergers and bpd, but this does not resemble any of my diagnoses. i am feeling suicidal because of it and i just got checked out from the psychiatry a week ago after being hospitalized for two weeks. i told them about my paranoia, but they did not really seem to acknowledge it, which i do not get at all. all they gave me is another diagnosis aspergers .. i do not know how much i can hold on anymore i do not know how much i can handle anymore
18, m. let me just get straight into it.for the past 3 months now, every time i pass my window, i am almost 100 certain someone is watching me and it stresses me out and makes me anxious. i feel watched inside my room almost like people can see through the wall. but it does not stop there. i feel spied by the government every time i use an electronic device and that they are plotting against me. i have blocked my camera with something, which has helped a bit, but i still feel like they are listening to my thoughts through the camera somehow. when i am alone in my room, i sometimes sense another presence. and it does not stop there.i do not trust many of my friends. i believe some of them are masters at manipulation and i am too socially inexperienced to detect it. i 'read' things hidden messages in casual conversations at times. when i say goodbye to them, my first thought is that they are talking behind my back, and it makes me question whether i should stop hanging out with them. sometimes, it becomes too much, so i end accusing them of manipulation lies and become aggressive. of course, they are in complete denial. this is where i start to question whether any of my thoughts are real. i cannot trust my own thoughts, but i do not trust the words of others either. these thoughts pop up every day out of nowhere. they are so intrusive and inescapable that i just want to die because the anguish is unbearable. it is like my thoughts are disturbed and incohesive. i then wake up the next day, unable to recognize any of my beliefs and thoughts from the night before. my thoughts also are not disturbed or incohesive they are somewhat normal again.fyi, i have been diagnosed with aspergers and bpd, but this does not resemble any of my diagnoses. i am feeling suicidal because of it and i just got checked out from the psychiatry a week ago after being hospitalized for two weeks. i told them about my paranoia, but they did not really seem to acknowledge it, which i do not get at all. all they gave me is another diagnosis aspergers .. i do not know how much i can hold on anymore i do not know how much i can handle anymore
i feel sick, i feel like i want to vomit. i hate the goblin i have to live as everyday. i despise my small dick and the fact that i did nothing to deserve it. i do not want to keep living as this laughing stock and i will not do so. amp x200b i am posting this on my alt for obvious reasons, i never ended up using it for anything anyways. for the past few hours i have just been feeding myself as much suicide fuel as i can to try to get myself so down that i will not pussy out and yet here i am writing a post on reddit about it, humans are strong. i read a bunch of screenshots of women sharing their disgust at small penises, women cheating on their boyfriends because their dick was too small and then women feeling satisfaction seeing that small dicked fucker be sad and depressed. i think i have had enough, i want to puke. partly because i am so sad that it is making me nauseous, but also because of how disgusting i feel in my body. amp x200b obviously there are other huge issues in my life than my dick size, but this was the straw that broke the camel's back, i am over trying to get better. i have all the stereotypical problems of every nolife dude ever. to anyone with an above average penis, i hope this post was satisfiying to you, that you got to feel good and validated for doing absolutely nothing and that seeing a person who is objectively below you give up like they should was empowering. survival of the fittest baby, darwinism and all that shit, i am not one of the fittest and i will not try to be anymore. amp x200b i am not looking for advice, this is more of a suicide note than anything. the least i can do for society is serve as study proof for why people commit suicide. i will not say what my method is since someone could use it as an idea and that would be indirectly teaching encouraging suicide and i do not want this post to be removed. i want this to stay up as my sort of final fuck you to everyone, even if only a couple people see this i will be happy. good luck in life, people. fuck my small dick, fuck the whole world and everybody in it. i will die bitter and hateful and everyone will be happy.
hello. first post ever on reddit i think sorry in advance for this banter, but i do not feel like i can tell my friends about this nor do i want to post this where any fanily member can see. i am going to get straight to the point. i sometimes just want to die. let me start by telling you abit about myself.i had a pretty though childhood growing up, my dad commited suicide when i was 5, and my mother remarried a man who was very abusive towards me and my siblings. she later divorced him when i was 17.i am nie 24 years old, never been in any serious relationships, not as lovers nor as friends. still a virgin not that it bother me much . i just want to make this clear, i am not exactly unatractive i think. i am pretty tall, strong jawline, pretty muscular and heavily tatted also i have a talent for music. but i do not feel like any of that matters. call me narcissistic if you like, but it is the truth. the reason i say it does not matter is because it does not. alot of people feel like if they look good they will be happy, but that is completely false, atleast in my case. the reason i want do die is because nothing i ever do makes me feel fullfilled. once i pick something up i usually stick with it for a while and tend to develop a talent for it, but usually end up dropping it as i do not feel any fullfilment from it. i cannot develop any romantic interest for anyone, nor form any real connections. i just really want to day dream and live in my own world. the fantasy world i created feels like my sactuary. that is why i want to die sometimes. i do not know how or when but somewhere down the line i convinced myself that when i die i will live in the universe i created inside my head. i do not know why i have not killed myself yet. maybe because friends and family will be sad, may have because my cat will be left alone which is what i care the most about in this world . it feels like i am just waiting for a meaningful event that will bring joy to my life which will never happen. any one else feel like this? anyways, sorry for making you read this drunken useless banter. have a nice day i sometimes want to die.
i have always struggled with my mental health. i have severe severe anxiety and paranoia, probably sprung from a decade of drug and alcohol abuse in my 20s. i was doing so well since i knocked the drugs on the head at 29. but my paranoia has never disappeared. i am in a relationship with an incredible woman, but i have started slipping back into drug abuse again, and i feel like i am being gaslighted and i am unsure how to separate reality from fiction. that makes my innate paranoia a thousand times worse. i have no real way of coping with my paranoia soi dive back into smashing the booze and the booze almost always always leads to drugs which has lead me to being suicidal again. its just easier not to have to think. i feel like a complete and utter burden to every single person i have in my life, i am fucking rubbish, no one should have to deal with my issues because i cannot keep my shit together. i feel like i have no worth, like i cannot get anything right in the world at all, i am a constant train wreck i simply cannot function with my thoughts. i have reached out desperately for help yesterday and today and have been met with little to no support or understanding from my family and friends. the crux does seem to be the gaslighting. it is really, really, really killing me and i need to know how to just drop the thoughts that things do not add up and simply trust her. i have been told by the family i have reached out to that i am selfish for seriously considering fucking hanging myself but how is it selfish to not want to live in constant, unending mental anguish and torment. i do not know what to do. i do not know what i need to feel better. i do not know how i can cope with all the thoughts swirling around in my mind or even remotely where to start. its going to be much simpler to kill myself because i absolutely cannot deal with this shit. i am an awful fucking human being and the world would be better off without me. i cannot keep on rallying. it gets harder and harder the olde i get. yesterday was my 33rd birthday and i have not wanted to kill myself as much as i did yesterday morning and today.
i have wanted to disappear for most of my existence. i craved a time when i did not feel that way for so long that i do not remember most of what happened in the meantime. every year the trauma of my existence is compounded and more cemented and the good times become a distant forced recollection. i do not want to die, i just do not want to live with mental illness and i do not get a choice in the matter. i am just supposed to accept and make the best of it because life is a gift. i wish i could give this shit away. trade my 90 years of shit for someone is 20 years of bliss. i would rather beg for life than for death. the worst part about it is the forced existence at the hands of those who mean well but will never understand. i am so tired of climbing out of a fucking hole that gets deeper and darker every time i am there. i am so tired of people comparing my value to my accolades like that changes how fucking hard it is to exists. i used to feel all alone, it was easier then. now it is my value to others that is suppose to make my suffering worthwhile. i hate having people to care about and all the social hoops i have to jump through to maintain my needs. i do not think people get it at all. when you are so removed from the constant barrage of suicidal ideation how can you. i do not want to fucking die. that is not the problem. i just do not want to suffer. if my therapist points that out to me one more time as if that makes it somehow better i am going to lose my shit. what is the difference between wanting to be pain free without a cure for your pain and wanting to die? sure, they are not the same but they are eerily similar. it is just fucking semantics. i would really like to see where this shit goes in 30 years. i would like to be a centenarian and make it to 2100. i would like to be sane when i get there. it is just so fucking hard to imagine that there will ever be a good chunk of time where i would actually like to be present in the meantime. if you made it this far, thanks for reading. please do not give me a pep talk. i just wanted a safe place to put this. the worst part about being suicidal
i have suffered more than is bearable, and it is mostly the result of my own terrible choices. granted there were things beyond my control, but all in all i had a very good and privileged childhood, with a lot of love. there is mental illness and addiction in my family tree, my parents were both abused as children, and although they did the best with what they have i began to show symptoms of deep depression and anxiety as an adolescent. i started to experiment with drugs and drinking, and i never stopped 33 now . i am not sure which came first, the addiction or the emotional problems, but they seemed to work in tandem. i have lost everything there is to lose but my life, which is also in jeopardy due to a stroke and possible anurysm i do not know, because doctors have been unable to diagnose me, but i pretty much know that is what is going on . every relationship i have had has failed due to my addiction and being a terrible partner. i have not hardly touched another person in five years. i am drinking a six pack a day and using opiates. i cannot help but think of what my life could have been had i not gotten sick, had i not have into the narrative in my mind that i am inadequate and a terrible person. i cannot blame my mother for how she raised me, she was remarkably together considering the unbelievable abuse she suffered from her mentally ill mother. it is just the luck of the draw i guess, but i cannot shake the feeling that my pathetic life was my own creation it was and that it is not going to get better. what would make me think it is just somehow going to improve? i cannot be myself around people, i am so anxious i can barely speak and when i do it is just faking having a personality. i have no soul or integrity. i cannot even control my own behavior or stop drinking. and now my health is failing as a result. i do not think i will make it frankly but i am so afraid of the pain it would because my family that i cannot bear to go through with it. alcoholism and opiate addiction, borderline personality disorder, and living with neurological problems resulting from a stroke and unruptured aynurism.
i have decided to end it. it will be sometime within the next couple of weeks. i want to help my friend fix their ipad and start looking at selling and giving away my things. it is been a wild 19 years, cannot deny that there is been good times but sadly the bad outweighs the good and has done what feels like irreparable damage. i am sorry, dad, for not being the child you wanted me to be. i always disappointed you but i hope me running away brought you some relief. it was not even your fault, it is was mostly mine, but your wife is what put the nail in the coffin for me. i have not spoken to you for what feels like forever yet every day i miss you, and imagine what our relationship could have been.i am sorry mum, for making so many years of your life a living nightmare. i never should have taken out my shit on you by yelling and screaming and punching holes in your walls. i never could forgive myself for what i did, even if i eventually showed you that i could change. your stroke had a massive impact on me, it feels like you were never the same after and who can blame you. i feel so guilty for trying so hard to make you quit smoking, but it is because i cared so much and it was such an easy thing to cling to. i do not know.i am sorry to my sister, i also made so much of our time a living nightmare. you were essentially my mum when dad decided mum could not be in our life when we were kids. it is been amazing watching you grow up to have such a fulfilling life. who knows, maybe someday i could have been an auntie. i am sorry to everyone else that i just constantly pushed away and shut out if my life instead of being honest and trying to be a good friend. a lot of you did not deserve what i have done.to toby, you were my favourite cat. when you died it took so much from me. you were there for me more than my actual parents. you were literally my best friend and i am so upset that you suffered through the last moments of your life.to anyone who read this, thank you. i guess i will not know but i suppose if anyone took the time to read this, i am glad i was worth someone is 2 minutes. my actual last post.
hey first time here man, i been realizing how much i wish to die and i wish i did not fear god or the afterlife if i do this myself, let alone the fear of still existing after this and having eternity of regret... fuck this mental prison fuck this fear of following through i wish to not exist anymore after its done and i wish i could just have it happen to me since i punk out too much... here is a little extra about me , throwing this pity party , been taking hard substances been more reckless in hookups been pouring my heart out to all my exes and crushes and just losing my mind and making a fool of myself and i feel nothing anymore... no future nothing but wishing i could do certain things again and fix the past i am stupid man,, got fired recently lost a lot of family to death over the last 3 years... nana dad tio my childhood dog of 13 years... ex left me becomes a cum bucket and marries another nigga after 4 and a half years , meet an angel from heaven type of women only for her to reject me ,just fucked up shit and i have no future i see no career do not embody a parent a. husband a anything love hate my family especially my mom she constantly fucks me over and i keep letting it happen spent my savings now i have to charge back out to find another slave ass type of job just so do not go homeless again... fuck everything... i just wish to die and cease to exist forgive me god thank you for the gifts wish i felt differently.., only place to vent all my friends think i need to relax and everything will be ok but what is next another job another person who i cannot fully trust or expect them to leave , another death man i wish i was not so fucking ungrateful and felt the joy only thing that makes this life worth living is feeling a good song i love r amp b music amp introspective rap wish i had the talent but yeah guys just venting ... been thinking of driving into wall lately feel like that would be the best way or beefing with a gang member and getting dome shooted and slumped .. yeah just being honest god forgive thank you for your blessings cowards way out this is very hard to follow through with
severe content warning for mentions of eating disorders and emotional abuse.i have had binge eating disorder for as long as i can remember. ever since i was a child, i would eat large amounts of food to cope with stress, as i have been in an abusive household my whole life. i have always known this was a problem, and i have tried to lose weight, but my eating habits feel uncontrollable. they have caused many problems, and in 2019, i was diagnosed with morbid obesity.i knew my problems were getting more grave than ever, and my parents rather than trying to help in any way, have scolded me, yelled at me and denied it being related to my mental health, and even denied that i had any mental health problems.it was not until late 2020 where they started taking my mental health even remotely seriously as i had a severe depressive episode that resulted in me not eating. i then got a professional counselor, and i was diagnosed with depression, general anxiety, and ptsd. i was prescribed prozac fluoxetine to help with this. even after getting therapy and professional help, my eating habits have not changed. fluoexetine has also helped me gain more weight.recently i have been struggling to breathe. whenever i realized that my health has gotten this bad, i started bawling. i started to feel like my days are limited and that i am going to die before i could turn things around.truly, i do not want to die. i have many friends i care for dearly and i want to at least live somewhat of a life for myself and escape my abusive home. however, i do not know if i will be able to make things better for myself, and i looked up the costs of oxygen, in which costs more a day than my family makes per month. making me feel like i have no other options than to die slowly and painfully or by my own hands. tl dr i have had horrible eating habits since childhood that my abusive family has refused to get me help for it for a long time that have gotten so bad that they have resulted in breathing problems, and i cannot afford medical help so i feel as if all i can do is die slowly or end my own life myself. i feel like i am dying slowly
i am empty. forgotten. alone. i do not matter. i never did. how do you throw a friend away? how can someone even say bye to someone and that is it? block someone like that. so suddenly. its just over. you are blocked. nothing else. over. done. end everything so abruptly. do you have any idea what you did to me? you tore a hole inside of me. and you are probably happy i am gone. those times we had together. you did not actually care about them. you are happy i am out of your life. you do not care. all i have done is care and you accuse me of not caring. what about those drawing? that paper? that slideshow? the powerpoint? after all of that, i do not care? then, what is caring? i guess i did not actually care, since you clearly never felt like i did. all i did was care. and you cut me off. you ruined my world. its never been the same. i do not want to live anymore. i need to get out of here. this is not living anymore. i am just surviving in an empty world. i have never actually lived before. when i was born, the chances of me dying at birth were almost 100 . i feel like that is a sign i was not meant for this world. and i am not meant for it. i never was. i do not belong here. you do not want me here, so why should i want me here either? i am not good enough. i do not care how long i type, no one is listening. i may as well be writing this on a piece of paper and burn it. nobody is listening. i have been crying for help for 28 days and nothing is working. nobody helps. nothing helps. there is no happiness here. no joy. no love. no care. nobody cares. i do not care. all i did was care. its all i ever do. i am done. there is no reason for me to care anymore. i am not normal and i never will be. i am destined to fail. nothing will ever work. i can say i am going to end everything tonight and nobody will care. you will not care. no matter how much i apologize or say i am different, it will not work. but i keep trying. because i care. and i care. and i care. and i care. and i care. see a pattern? i care. i care. i care. guess who is listening. no one. not you. or anyone else. there is no reason being here.
i am empty. forgotten. alone. i do not matter. i never did. how do you throw a friend away? how can someone even say bye to someone and that is it? block someone like that. so suddenly. its just over. you are blocked. nothing else. over. done. end everything so abruptly. do you have any idea what you did to me? you tore a hole inside of me. and you are probably happy i am gone. those times we had together. you did not actually care about them. you are happy i am out of your life. you do not care. all i have done is care and you accuse me of not caring. what about those drawing? that paper? that slideshow? the powerpoint? after all of that, i do not care? then, what is caring? i guess i did not actually care, since you clearly never felt like i did. all i did was care. and you cut me off. you ruined my world. its never been the same. i do not want to live anymore. i need to get out of here. this is not living anymore. i am just surviving in an empty world. i have never actually lived before. when i was born, the chances of me dying at birth were almost 100 . i feel like that is a sign i was not meant for this world. and i am not meant for it. i never was. i do not belong here. you do not want me here, so why should i want me here either? i am not good enough. i do not care how long i type, no one is listening. i may as well be writing this on a piece of paper and burn it. nobody is listening. i have been crying for help for 28 days and nothing is working. nobody helps. nothing helps. there is no happiness here. no joy. no love. no care. nobody cares. i do not care. all i did was care. its all i ever do. i am done. there is no reason for me to care anymore. i am not normal and i never will be. i am destined to fail. nothing will ever work. i can say i am going to end everything tonight and nobody will care. you will not care. no matter how much i apologize or say i am different, it will not work. but i keep trying. because i care. and i care. and i care. and i care. and i care. see a pattern? i care. i care. i care. guess who is listening. no one. not you. or anyone else. there is no reason being here.
once upon a time there were a happy male. needless to say there is nothing left of him anymore. i can barely remember the last 4 year of my life. at all. some few memories though. i can barely remember the last 4 year of my life. at all. some few memories though. i have been in an abusive relationship for the past 6 years. 6 months ago i broke free. it was hard. however the reason i managed to actually break free were due to the fact that i got into drugs. about 4 years ago i started to isolate myself from my friends. i did not even recognise it myself. i thought it were because i had a lot of things going on in my life but today i see the pattern. my abusive ex wanted that to happen. roughly 3 years ago we moved in together and that is when the abuse skyrocketed. both physical and mental abuse. almost daily. i lost all my friends. lost my family. everything. not that my family and i actually had a good relation before but if it were ok then, it absolutely went to the bottom. the only person i have had any contact with at all the last 3 years is in fact my abusive ex. it is sick. i know. however i did not really realize how bad it was while i were in all the constant drama, i think my brain were too busy to defend myself from all the physical mental abuse. fight flight mode all the time. that is where the drugs really helped me out. once i got down from that i could clearly see how sick my situation were. finally roughly 6 months ago i broke free. needless to say it is been hell. i do believe i suffer from some sort of ptsd now and it is literally killing me slowly. so much so that i am done. i am ending it today. i can barely socialise at all due to this. my brain will not allow me to relax in any situation regarding another human being. hyper vigilant all the time. completely emotional numb. people even make fun of me calling me mr.robot. i tried to seek help, but were sent off. i tried to seek help from friends, no one reaches out. i tried to seek help from family, no one cares. i guess they are doing right. their lives will continue just like normal in a matter of time. think i will do it today..
i have chronic health problems and pain, i have 2 bad phobias, i have anxiety and ocd symptoms, i am lonely, i am depressed, my mom is dying, i am suicidal.my anxiety and pain is crushing me. i am decaying, i am dying. i am losing the fight.my mom has a really serious illness and she can die any moment and probably will not live long anymore. she is the only person who cares about me, nobody else gives a fuck. she is also depressed and suicidal. she has threatened suicide but said that she is still alive just beacuse of me. she is the best mom ever.we live in the middle of nowhere and covid did not change anything. i have been living in this kind of isolation my whole life. and i have no friends, everyone thinks i am annoying. i am going to a different school now and i know absolutely no one. its a big school and i was in a really small school. a huge change and facing it alone. i am so damn scared. i am probably going to get bullied beacuse of my appearence. if i get bullied.... i am going to kill myself. i am either anxious or in a neutral mood or i feel a strange mix of numbness and sadness. i cannot enjoy life. i am always thinking about this. i cannot cry even if i wanted.i have never actually got a full on anxiety attack but last night i took a knife and held it to my wrist. i did not do anything, i just sat there for a couple of minutes and then put away the knife. i knew that there was no way i could die, i would just had shredded my tendons and everything and fucked up my hand beacuse that is what usually happens when you slit your wrists. and i really like drawing and a lot of other stuff i need my hands for.as long as my mom lives, i live. if she dies, i die. i cannot live without her. i really cannot.everytime i think about suicide i get really anxious and i want to cry but i once again cannot.only thing that keeps me going is writing lyrics and poems and stuff. i really love it, its one of the most important things for me.sorry if this was unclear or had grammar mistakes, english is not my first language and i am really tired. i..... i fucking.... i do not even know anymore what to say
i have suspected i had adhd since i was around 11 or 12. never spoke up, just tried to live with it. self harmed during middle and high school, before tapering off during college. finally saw a psychiatrist and got diagnosed at 25. meds help a little, but my skills are terribly broken. i struggle with everything from time management, object permanence, impulse control, planning. my daily struggle is spent procrastinating on taking my meds, being productive for a few hours, starving myself because i cannot find the will power to get up and cook when i am hungry, beating myself up mentally for wasting a whole day again, and promising myself that the next day wikl be better. eating is a chore because i hate sitting down to plan, but grocery shopping without a plan is tough, and deciding what to cook on a whim every single day from my limited and random ingredients is a chore. and that is before i mention that i have no dishwasher so dishes are constantly piling up. i do not think i am depressed. i would love to give life a chance. i would love to find the right meds, and therapy that helps me live up to my potential. i know it is possible, because i have many friends with adhd who have gotten their symptoms tamed enough that they are all living productive and meaningful lives. yet, i feel so behind because they all got diagnosed in grade school, and have at least a decade of treatment that i do not. i do not feel like i can wait 10 years. i am impatient. i want results now. i have struggled for so long, that i cannot accept the fact that i have to keep struggling even though i am in treatment. i know i should just put up with the pain i am in, and trudge through my difficulties, but i keep seeing suicide as a get well quick scheme. i know it is not a great idea, and i really do not want to cut my life short, but i also hate having to struggle every single day of my existence. i have never known a day of peace, so i keep thinking about how nice it would be if i never had to deal with adhd again. i wish i had more options beyond living the struggle, or giving up the fight. adhd makes my life unbearable
i have been struggling with depression since my mid late teens. i am in college now and i thought id be better once i moved away from my family toxic . however i think i might have actually gotten worse. all the stress for deadlines, rent, if i have enough money for food, if i can afford medicine for my cold, it just keeps building up. i am not sure if i want to handle the stress of being an adult. i cannot help but imagine running away and disappearing from the world. devolving into my self and then into the water and ceasing to exist. it sounds so much easier than life. i took on a computer science degree durring the pandemic. i wanted to learn a new profitable skill so i could eventually support myself with a secure and i demand job. however online college, its not how my brain learns. from distanced learning i cannot process and if the information, and if i took the time to relearn every lesson from a tutor i learn best being taught in person then i would not have the time to earn money and study, or the means to eat a proper meal. and if i finished my freshman year of college not retaining any information i feel like i am screwed for the next year. if i have spent so much money and time just to show no improvement why am i even here. i want to drop out if college. but then id have to work a minimum wage or lower job and try to support myself and still deal with the stress of being an adult. when ever my depression gets very bad i start seeing things out of the corner of my eye. normal ly its ropes and nuces hanging from trees or light posts . if it continues then i start to see peoples dead body hanging from them. just out of the corner of my eye, then ill turn to look. and there is nothing there.i do not think i even check if its real anymore. its just become the shadow of people in the corner of my eye , swinging slightly with the wind. suicide disappearing forever. it does not seem like a bad choice when compared to struggling to eat and have a place to live, and seeing dead people out of the corner of my eye. its not the ideal choice but there is no shame in quitting. its numb and easy
although in my last post i mentioned my situation was not that serious, posting it online made me feel better, so i am ready to open up a little more on the mental side of things, instead of the previous more material based one.this is not my suicide note to reddit, rather a way to see if i can put everything into words.i do not know what proper etiquette for suicide notes is but here goes nothing. while taking a walk in a forest, i realized i am at the lowest point in my life. i do not necessarily feel sad, it is hard to put into words. i have sudden urges to randomly cry yet i do not feel sad i do not find any joy in life whatsoever. every day feels like a chore, simply waking up is painful, as i open my eyes my thoughts start running, thinking of everything that bothers me about life.dad, i love you. we do not talk much, we are both on the less talkative side but trust me i have never been mad at you and love you to death. you have been an amazing dad and nothing was your fault.mom, i talk with you a lot more and love you just as much as dad. i can not imagine how you are feeling reading this letter, i do not expect you to understand nor accept this, but have peace in knowing i am happy, do not feel sorry for me, please. i have lots of friends, quite a few good ones even. i have an amazing family, yet i still feel alone somehow.brother, you have been amazing my entire life, i know we do not spend time together anymore, but from the time we have spent you will always be the best bro.to everyone else, sorry for not naming you, you all have a place in my heart. i simply do not see the point in continuing this misery. as clich as it sounds, it all just feels so pointless. the aforementioned walk in a forest that made me realize all of this, i have never walked there before, yet it felt like a routine. everything i do feels like a routine, i do not even feel control over myself. it almost feels like i have a certain path that i must follow one that leads to continuous emptiness. suicide is a way to break the cycle, not the best way, but the only one my simple brain could come up with suicide note
i so deeply wish dickinsons words were true for me. i am 21, nearly 22. always straight as, heading to cambridge next year as part of the exchange program. and i love my studies.my family is quite wealthy, i am currently laying on the beach in greece in a new swimsuit in a 5 hotel. i guess i am good looking, in the past few months so many boys have flirted with me. i have a loving and caring family, and i see a psychiatrist and a psychologist regularly. i have many friends, and close ones. i love them so much and we share so many things on such a deep level. were going on holidays together at the end of the summer. then what is wrong? why cannot i survive a day without grams of paroxetine and seresta? why cannot i sleep without hypnotics? why cannot i be happy for more than 2 minutes in a row? why is it so hard to leave my hotel bedroom? why cannot i do anything but cry on the beach despite all the pills that i have taken earlier? i have two conditions which led to depression. a slight did identity disorder , which occurs mostly in intensely stressing situations, and abandonment trauma. leaving my friends led to 2 years of pure hell which i overcame thanks to my boyfriend. now my boyfriend and i broke up 4 months ago, and its been worse. i am a christian and i honestly think that going to hell would be a sweet relief.nothing helps but the pills, but i am nearly at the maximum prescription possible. now my grandad is about to die and i simply cannot see how i will survive another loss.yet i cannot kill myself, because i do not want my father to bury his father and his daughter on the same day.so i am just stuck in existence, doing whatever doctors and friends tell me to do, and yet still aching so deeply inside even when i do not think. and i feel so bad because all the things that i have, all the help that i get are not of the slightest help against my never ending and painful fall into the abyss of depression. please death, i am begging you, take me into your carriage instead of my grandad. id love to roam in sovereign woods with you. because i could not stop for death he kindly stopped for me
i have been struggling with depression since my mid late teens. i am in college now and i thought id be better once i moved away from my family toxic . however i think i might have actually gotten worse. all the stress for deadlines, rent, if i have enough money for food, if i can afford medicine for my cold, it just keeps building up. i am not sure if i want to handle the stress of being an adult. i cannot help but imagine running away and disappearing from the world. devolving into my self and then into the water and ceasing to exist. it sounds so much easier than life. i took on a computer science degree durring the pandemic. i wanted to learn a new profitable skill so i could eventually support myself with a secure and i demand job. however online college, its not how my brain learns. from distanced learning i cannot process and if the information, and if i took the time to relearn every lesson from a tutor i learn best being taught in person then i would not have the time to earn money and study, or the means to eat a proper meal. and if i finished my freshman year of college not retaining any information i feel like i am screwed for the next year. if i have spent so much money and time just to show no improvement why am i even here. i want to drop out if college. but then id have to work a minimum wage or lower job and try to support myself and still deal with the stress of being an adult. when ever my depression gets very bad i start seeing things out of the corner of my eye. normally its ropes and nuces hanging from trees or light posts . if it continues then i start to see peoples dead body hanging from them. just out of the corner of my eye, then ill turn to look. and there is nothing there.i do not think i even check if its real anymore. its just become the shadow of people in the corner of my eye , swinging slightly with the wind. suicide disappearing forever. it does not seem like a bad choice when compared to struggling to eat and have a place to live, and seeing dead people out of the corner of my eye. its not the ideal choice but there is no shame in quitting. its numb and easy
i thought that going to a good school, making money, and finding some friends would be good. it has not been that great. i am working on stuff that i think is important. i do not work for assholes anymore i work for myself. i do not have much trouble getting dates. i am not that worried about money. i do not have a great relationship with my family, but we can talk sometimes. they mostly avoid my texts and calls, because i am pretentious and i do not hold my tongue enough. i do not laugh at their jokes. i do not say stuff you are supposed to say. i only do that kind of thing when i am working. the country stresses me out. i have thought maybe leaving would make things better, but i doubt it. i moved to a new part of my country where things are chill. now i am just alone with beautiful weather and people who constantly wave and say 'hi' when i am walking down the street. it was nice at first, but i do not have anything in common with these people. they compliment me on being traveled and smart, and it inevitably turns into a one sided conversation. compliments make me uncomfortable, and i mostly like to talk about ideas science, politics, business, art, whatever. i am not a narcissist. i would rather be invisible. buying a big house, having more sex, whatever, i do not think much of it would matter. i do not trust anyone or have access to real intimacy. i have had a lot of manipulation from family, business partners, former friends. i am scared of something i say becoming a news story one day. i am scared of lawsuits from friends. i feel like if i could tap into the naivete and innocence of my youth, it would be good. how though... i think about the reality of the world guns, lies, cash, fucking hedonism. i cannot tell if i am angry or depressed. i think i am weirdly neither. i cannot describe what i am feeling. i know it is just neurobiology that leads to this kind of shittiness, but i am not going to some doc and pouring out my feelings. i do not trust anyone not to write a fucking book one day. i have had uncomfortable situations play out in the past. success means nothing to neurobiology
and desperate. and stupid. and failure. i am disgust with myself that i beg strangers on reddit to help me and support me and i share my thoughts with them. i hate me because my life depends on the answers i will receive here and i feel so humiliated by getting ignored and with how much i exposed myself. what a bunch of strangers can do anyway? my own people do not care about me anymore so why people who do not know me do it? probably i do the same everyday, i ignore so many people who need help. the world is cruel and even if someone has good identions and wants to give you an advice what is the point really? they cannot change your life and your feelings. you can feel good for some minutes because someone says thst feels sooty for you but that is it. in the end you are alone. nobody in real life cared to help you settle your life, find a job, support, love etc when you were alive but the moment they will see you in the casket suddenly they will feel so guilty that did not helped you. how ironic is that.i feel so sad about my life but also i feel sad thinking how many people were alone and vulnerable and desperate the moment they commit. many of them they were good people, with potentials, they were never harm anyone, they were willing to help others and they had so much love to give. maybe they were too good for this world. i do not know if i am like them but it is clear to me that sensitive people cannot survive in this world. if i was able to tell lies, if i was not so responsible and did not overanalyzing things, if i was more selfish my life would be good. the world is unfair and harsh and you must be the same to survive. romantic, sensitive and emotional people do not have a place here. be polite, nice, generous and resoectful to others is pointless.i wish i could change me, i hate me. sometimes i think i am better, i am special and i get angry because i think i deserve more but that is just an outburst the truth is that i despise me. i suffered a lot it is time to rest. there is no point to stay alive just because i cannot commit. this is not a life. i feel very vulnerable right now
my life has never been perfect. i have made mistakes, i have fallen down plenty. even at the worst of times i found some small shred of strength to continue. i kept my head down and tried my best to be optimistic for the future. after a while it suddenly seemed like things were finally looking up. i found a job in the heart of the city and i sound someone who i loved and who i thought loved me as well. life was great for a bit. i finally began to believe in the light at the end of the tunnel. after years of crawling through a tunnel of shit, i found the light.then it all had to come apart. turns out this whole time, unknown to me, i was mentally ill and it was progressively getting worse. and this was a big factor in me losing everything i worked for. now i am alone and society along with everyone who i previously considered close just sees me as crazy. my life as i knew it is over, and to be perfectly honest i am not at all excited for this new chapter of mental illness. there are so many limitations on my life now that i do not even see the fucking point anymore. i always valued my independence, but now i am at the mercy of doctors, therapists and medication. my family and friends see me as a loser. this is the light that i so desperately crawled towards all that time? this is what was waiting for me this whole time?? had i known, i would have just quit there and then.i am just tired. i do not have the energy or the brain apparently to start over anymore. i used it all up crawling through that tunnel of shit. i miss the naive optimism i had even on the worst of days. but i am done. absolutely done. the old me is dead anyways. the one that had his independence and could feel like a functional member of society. that is the me i wanted to live as. if he is as good as dead already, what the fuck am i sticking around for?i hate mental illness and i really feel for all my fellow brothers and sister going through it. its a fate that even the most evil and deprived do not deserve. but i have no more tears left to she would. not for others or for myself. i am just done. what the hell is life?
i was going to commit suicide a few weeks ago, but something in my mind told me not to before i got home. my parents and my brother know that i have suicidal thoughts, but it feels like they do not care. they think it is because of some bullshit that happened between me and some girl. it is partly that, but it is the fact that i just do not feel wanted. what happened made me think who the fuck is going to want me in their lives when people know about it? context in the second paragraph i was trying to find this answer for so fucking long. it finally clicks. i just cannot work up the courage to tell anyone but the counsellor i cannot even go fucking see because of lockdown. context there is this toxic bitch in my class who in the past i have vented about. she claims it is this constant re occurrence of me venting and her finding out, etc. one fine morning, i was talking to my friend and the topic of this girl had come up. the girl we will call her lila and i were not on good terms, as i commented on her behaviour i said she was a piss baby around 3 weeks before said morning. she said that they were dating and that she had felt bad because she did not want to reject her. i thought that because she told me this, i could say what i want. i said that she was toxic. that is it. cut to literally 20 minutes later, i am facing her. i have apologised, she is apologised. i have never felt so relieved. it was a dick move of me to say that she was toxic but i did not think i was going to apologise. we are talking again and after lunch, during the third period, she comes up to me and tells me that i should not apologise if i was not being serious about it. she walked away, saying that what i did was low. i knew that the girl i talked to told her, but it was my fault for trusting her. i told this to my counsellor and in turn she told my parents, but i feel like that' is not the right answer maybe not the wrong answer but not the full answer . amp x200b essentially, i am lonely as fuck. i think my last days are coming up. i deserve to be unwanted. deserve to be unloved. i do not feel wanted, or loved.
since the pandemic began, i m17 moved to another city temporarily , then another one again, temporarily , and traveled between these two towns back and forth for almost a year. in this time period, i have rarely been in the city a with all my friends, classmates, etc. , and, pretty much was on my own for a year. at first i thought i dealt with this isolation just fine. i am introverted after all and i just relaxed and enjoyed the peace. but after a year since the pandemic has began, the solitude began to take its toll. i have felt lonely. which eventually led me to being depressed. in the beginning of summer i was finally able to come to the city a, and meet my two closest and perhaps only friends. i have been here for nine days, then went to another city for two weeks and came back here for another two weeks.the social interactions with my peers, which i have craved so much and have finally gotten, made me happy, but not for long. at some points, they did not even distract me and i was as miserable around my friends as if i was by myself.i realized sometime before, that nothing makes me truly happy. i have been extremely pessimistic about my future and everything really. soon ill go to college and the boring, sad and dull adult life might begin.anyway, for quite some time i have been venting about all of this to my closest friend. today may have been the last time i saw her before our five ten year class reunions. we have decided to hang out my 2nd closest friend , but it turnt out not that great.not only did i saw more proof that she does not really care about me smth i realized not so long ago , but also she was cold. most importantly, during our final goodbyes, she told me it was hard to be friends with me because of the negativity and pessimism i bring. yeah, i was already sad, but that just made it worse. i am a burden and i knew that but i did not expect her to say smth like that. totally understand and don blame her at all. my closest friend told me that it is really hard being my friend because of all the negativity that i radiate. that might have been the last time i saw her.
hello. my name is trout not really . i am new to this sub and reddit as a whole, so please forgive me if i make any mistakes. i am sorry if this is long, but i just need to say something. for the past few years i have been depressed, the whole of 2020 just blends into a few months in my memory. for a while now i have been self harming, and i think about suicide often. i feel so small and dumb and ugly and just generally unappealing. almost like i cannot try to be or act cute, because i am just butt ugly. i cannot do anything. i thought i was an introvert and just preferred sitting in my room alone on my laptop but that is the only thing i can bring myself to do. i cry myself to sleep almost every night. when i do not, i just feel empty. i feel fine when i am with friends, but always just so lifeless when they are gone, and whatever they say about me has the power to sway my mood so heavily. even when i am with them i feel lonely. unloved, unaccounted for. nothing brings me proper joy anymore.i just want to give up. i just want to stop trying. all i want is to fall asleep and never wake up. i am so tired all the time. whenever i think about dying, i feel a sense of relief, like i will finally find peace. feel like a selfish asshole for thinking this way. i have a good life, and i just want to throw it away? i have read so many stories on this sub of people that have it worse than me. it feels awful. i keep telling myself that these feelings will pass one day, but they never do. i am scared that i am blowing it out of proportion, though. what if it is just no big deal? i am such a baby. i cannot even tell anyone because they will treat me like a sensitive topic. i will immediately be the problem child.the only things keeping me from going are my family, especially my sister, and my dear little cat. whenever i am away he cries out at night, looking for me. he is sleeping right next to me on my bed as i type this. i have made it a rule in my mind that when he goes, i go. otherwise it would break me.if you read through this, thank you for your time, i appreciate it. nothing is changing
nsfwi have been depressed since a child. i watched my grandfather die at age 4 of a heart attack in front of me, i was sexually assaulted by my neighbors and age 7 my bio dad passed away. when i was 12 one of my friends committed suicide by hanging himself in his home. i lost my paternal grandma age 18, my maternal grandma age 20 and step grandma age 21 all whom i was extremely close with. i lost my uncle a few weeks before christmas due to a heart attack just after losing my paternal grandmother right before thanksgiving.in 2015 my cousin was murdered shot in the back of the head in 2018 my paternal grandfather to a heart attack and we had to pull the plug, he died on my fathers birthday 6 february which is 6 days before my birthday. also, in june 2018 i lost my younger brother due to a devastating car accident that left his body mangled and we found this out the day after it happened, right after my other grandfathers funeral. my brother did not have his id on him so they could not identify him immediately.2020 i lost my aunt due to a heart attack two days after thanksgiving. 14 january 21 i lost my mother after her battled with covid 19. due to having small children, one with severe respiratory issues and the pandemic i had not seen my mother. the last time i saw her alive was in early december at my aunts funeral. that was the last time i hugged her and held her hand.forward to march and i lost another aunt, she lost her battle with leukemia.there is more death and many other reasons but my main trigger has been death loss. i have cried because i am tired of living and want to end my life. i get angry that i have kids because i am afraid of what my loss will do to them and my wife. especially, after already losing a brother and recently losing two aunts and our mother, i am afraid of what would happen to my brothers if i kill myself.but, the desire is increasing everyday. i am miserable, in a miserable marriage with a wife that does not get me and cares solely that her needs physical touch are not being met.i am just ready to leave life behind! death cannot come soon enough
i do not have no freedom to do the things i enjoy. unfortunately, i have to hide myself of being gay from my family. my mom is severely homophobic and she has some suspicion i am gay because she snooped my phone and saw some flirting between me and a guy aka my ldr bf . i asked my mom if i can go to my best friends birthday party yesterday, and she said no. but that is not what bothered me, she said your best friend better not introduce you to any guys . she said some other homophobic things to but i forgot what she said. i lost a lot of faith in my ldr working out.since we come from an asian family, there is a lot of asian guilt. my dad is leaving us next year to go back to his country as he is separating from my mom , and the idea of me moving out is gone because part of me feels extremely guilty for leaving my mom alone when she does not make enough money. but on the other hand, i know she is extremely homophobic and she even discourages me from making friends too much. i have been really socially deprived as an introvert and i feel like i am missing out because its not like i have a lot of friends. tbh, i feel suicidal because everything is only getting worse. i feel i might have to break up with my bf because i do not want to drag him anymore. he deserves someone better. he is been really understanding but at this point everything is breaking me apart and i am not sure if i can commit myself to a relationship.my mom always says stuff like , gay people are always getting into trouble and gay people are aids. my mom is also invasive of my privacy, like on my phone, and my online whereabouts. she is so against me flirting when people younger then me are already in relationships. i have been suicidal before, but at this point, i am becoming suicidal again. ofcourse, there is other people's situation worse then mines and my heart aches for them. but i cannot even make a simple phone call so easily without being monitored. even just to call my ldr bf, i have to sneak to the basement just to videocall him around midnight.sorry this was long and full of tangents. i have no freedom
when my dad tested positive for covid after he was vaccinated with astrazeneca, my life took a turn. he had to be brought to the hopsital and stayed there for 2 weeks. while we were there, we found out he was going to be homeless, not one of his relatives were willing to help us, i begged that he stayed at his moms house where he grew up, but now its owned by his sister who is in the states in a year or 2 until i could stand on my own broken family, did not finish college, still starting my small food shop and living as a caretaker for my boyfriend's uncles house. in addition to all that, i also tested positive for the second time with covid. my dad needs insulin and i will have to pay for a new place to stay, food everyday, and his medication, 100 every two weeks ... in the next 3 months until the government provides free insulin, it will be 50 less i really felt alone and felt like i was the only one who loved my dad. my family knows i grew up without him with me, without him supporting me as i struggled thru life, though they might think that he deserved what he is going thru, i do not. i am just his kid that he did not abandoned when i was 8. i am 25 now and still trying to get my life together. as much as i would like to take him with me, i am staying 10hrs away from him for my shop here in a bigger city, i cannot pay for it. now i know people who are willing to listen to me, but i do not want to burden them with a problem that money can solve... i have to move fast, i have to find a way. i have to not give up. but some days, i feel otherwise. and it is scaring me because all this love might not be enough for me to keep going. i am weak. and i want to escape this. i used to be just contented with going slow in earning money, but this time, it is urgent. i do not know what else to do. i easily get triggered whenever i see people collecting cash for non life threatening situations and get tempted to ask help, is this my pride? i do not know. i just know that i am desperate and scared. ever felt like ur mental struggle is not valid becs what is causing it is financial issues
my life is over at 25. when i turned 25 a couple months ago i was completely destroyed all day to the point where i was physically exhausted at work. i could not fucking deal with the reality of turning 20 fucking five. i have already tried hanging myself multiple times. i am a complete fucking failure in every aspect of life. i have no friends i work a shit job and i have a bachelors degree that is completely useless and will never give me a good job. i have never had a relationship and i am still a fucking version of age 25 because i was so ugly and socially maladjusted 30 years of introversion and bullying at a young age. i am constantly alone i cannot relate to people i have no one to talk to i am trash i am garbage i am sewage nobody gives a fuck about me no one wants to talk to me let alone get to know me or be intimate with me ever.it does not get better. it does not get easier.my past suicide attempts failed because i got too scared when i could not breathe i did not completely suspend myself while hanging but i was trying to self asphyxiate while kneeling. i just wish i could do it. i just wish i could hang myself and be done with it. i do not want to live a life in which i am only going to get lonelier uglier fatter and less and less likely to ever be loveable to someone. this is the rest of my life. normal people do not fuckimg understand how good they have it. i see gorgeous women amd mengorgeous, attractive whining and moaning and whining and moaning i am depressed i am lonely i miss him her shut the fuck up you cunts you are hot just make a tinder and find someone do you know what its like to be 25 and never have been found attractive or worthy of love by anyone before there are 14 year olds havung sex every day and ill never experience intimacy ever. fucking ever. do you not understand the profound psychological damage that does to someone over decades of loneliness and rejection? i cannot fucking take it any motherfucking more kill me god please i am a fuckimg slave i am a fuckimg prisoner in my own fucking life fuck you all to hell my life is over at 25.
tldr having chest pain due to insomnia so who knows what will happen ngl ... i am tired ... i am tired of the waking hell i am in ... i am tired of feeling pain ... the constant reminder of not being lovable being sexy or being good enough... people tell me to love myself.. how can i love when i do not even know who i am i have been abused and used for decades... iwas born into this world a mistake not made to do anything...but i fukin thought thsy oh its ok you will find stuff no no it does not work like that ... wants to be a disney employee dad said no i am not giving you money to join their college program i begin to like art and attempt to draw and take classes dad and mother proceedes to laugh and say what has classes done for ya there ... good thing its an elective no need to focus on art crap wrestler i do not want to help you get to classes even tho they need an adult to first sign ya up back when i was 16 all my dreams ... my happiness... my little space ... everything is gone i grab what little is there as is and still i feel nothing ...as i lay awake with pain near my chest and inner thoughts swarming my mind . idk what will happen to me .. but honestly... i am not ready .. i had a mission but i was stopped every time ....and i cannot keep up the fight ... i am sorry little brothers i tried for you ... so you would not deal with their abusive toxic ness honestly as i write now i will fight to stay up so i can help you .. but all i know is that i am proud of you mom you have begun to change .. very slowly... but i hope i can watch things change as well ... because our family name has been muddy so much ... bickering and fighting has wreaked our name though out the generation... i wanted to fight on and try to fix it ... but its a long process.... family if you do find this i am sorry .... i tried .. but i guess being cleaned just was not enough .. i hope i can fight on lord ... i want to see my 60 to 70s no matter what my depression has made me say .... so i can let my brother live his best life i will not take my life ill fight till someone else does .
i am a minor with a mom who is fatphobic. i am being constantly told every couple of fucking hours how my thighs are too big, always told that i look like i gave birth to 9 children. she constantly compares our arms and saying mine was bigger than hers. that i have too many stretch marks. she always tells me that when i am an adult i would thank her for all that she is saying and i would regret my body so much. she just told me i was gaining a flabby big lower belly and i should immediately exercise. my dad is a bit better but i think that is only because we do not talk much, only a couple of times a week and 50 of our conversation is just him reminding me of how fat i am and how i would die of obesity. my sister tells me to 'just lose weight' as if i do not want to already. she is been skinny her whole life even when she eats even more than i do. it just feels like she is mocking me.i want to work on myself and i really do want to change. but i just want to lose weight when i am happy, when i can love myself for who i am, where i do not need to wait for midnight to cry and vent mental breakdowns every night just so they cannot hear me. when i do not get anxiety every time i try to dress up because i feel like a whale trying to fit in barbie clothes.i am not even obese. i am just 10kg over the normal weight range for my age. and i feel like i can lose this weight when i try to. but i am just not in the right mindset right now. i cannot try and force myself to exercise without my self loathing getting even more intense when i see myself. i hope that people who says 'losing weight is easy if you just put your mind to it' sees this. i know i am fat. i know i need to lose weight. i know myself and my body more than you do. i deal with more than just my weight. it comes with extreme self loathing, anxiety, and even depression. the mental burden we deal with cannot be easily cured by losing weight. so i do not need the constant reminder of how ugly and unhealthy my body looks because it just adds on to my existing self hate. family is the main reason i want to kms
i am a minor with a mom who is fatphobic. i am being constantly told every couple of fucking hours how my thighs are too big, always told that i look like i gave birth to 9 children. she constantly compares our arms and saying mine was bigger than hers. that i have too many stretch marks. she always tells me that when i am an adult i would thank her for all that she is saying and i would regret my body so much. she just told me i was gaining a flabby big lower belly and i should immediately exercise. my dad is a bit better but i think that is only because we do not talk much, only a couple of times a week and 50 of our conversation is just him reminding me of how fat i am and how i would die of obesity. my sister tells me to 'just lose weight' as if i do not want to already. she is been skinny her whole life even when she eats even more than i do. it just feels like she is mocking me.i want to work on myself and i really do want to change. but i just want to lose weight when i am happy, when i can love myself for who i am, where i do not need to wait for midnight to cry and vent mental breakdowns every night just so they cannot hear me. when i do not get anxiety every time i try to dress up because i feel like a whale trying to fit in barbie clothes.i am not even obese. i am just 10kg over the normal weight range for my age. and i feel like i can lose this weight when i try to. but i am just not in the right mindset right now. i cannot try and force myself to exercise without my self loathing getting even more intense when i see myself. i hope that people who says 'losing weight is easy if you just put your mind to it' sees this. i know i am fat. i know i need to lose weight. i know myself and my body more than you do. i deal with more than just my weight. it comes with extreme self loathing, anxiety, and even depression. the mental burden we deal with cannot be easily cured by losing weight. so i do not need the constant reminder of how ugly and unhealthy my body looks because it just adds on to my existing self hate. family is the main reason i want to kms
i am at a point where i am on the road to a mental breakdown. i really wish i had the courage to end it but i know ill never go through with it because i have a 2 year old son.it started four years ago when i was in an abusive situation with a guy who was much older than me i was so in love but now i realize he was a narcissist. one night he said something degrading and i decided to leave but instead he assaulted me. no one believed me not even the police. i later found out that this well put together person had had other restraining orders against him and had been in prison for eight years. that was shocking. anyway, i developed ptsd.the year following this i started drinking heavily on the weekends to forget. i also exercised a ton and lost a lot of weight. that is when i met the father of my son. i thought he was a great guy and he treated me so well that i let my guard down. i was so scared of having sex but i did it. i told him about my sexual assault and was understanding. i found out i was 5 weeks pregnant. i also found out that week that he had a girlfriend whom moved down two months after i discovered my pregnancy. that made my ptsd spiral out of control. i regained composure and was thankful that i was pregnant and made it my mission to have a great pregnancy. quite frankly, i never want to date again nor do i miss sex. my main goal is to be a mother. well, my little boy is two and i beginning to suspect he has autism and its taking a toll on me. not only am i having suicidal ideation because of this issue but the assault issue is coming up and i keep thinking about it. i also have a lot of resentment toward my sons father for not helping him through this trying time. he knew i was pregnant and could care less what happens to his son. hes never seen him and he even blocked me. anyway, i just needed to get this off my chest. i wish i had the courage to end it but i do not. i really should have ended it four years ago. i would not exist and my son would not either so neither he or i would be suffering so much. single parent and suicidal ideation
my s o was my driving force, but they turned out to be dating me out of pity. they were hiding the fact that they were aromantic from me because they felt bad that i was so excited to be with them. were still best friends its hard to break a friendship of almost 3 years , but now i feel like a burden to them. i felt so happy with them. its the first time i felt loved or cared about. i even received my first compliment on my looks from them. my world came crashing down when i learned this was all hollow and insincere. i cannot begin to tell you how happy i was when they said i love you too. now its the opposite because they just did that to make me feel appreciated. the first compliment i received in my life on my looks turned out to be the same story. i was so ecstatic to hear that i am pretty, but that feeling is gone since that was just a hollow compliment that meant nothing. i finally started to feel good about my looks after they told me i am pretty, but now i do not even want to post my face anymore. i feel like a burden to them now. this made my mental state go to shit, and now they have to deal with me like that. i still love chatting and calling with them even though i cry every time i do. they are the only thing keeping me going right now. they are still my driving force. without them, i cannot say id be alive right now.note please do not get mad at them for not telling me about being aromantic. they feel like absolute shit for not telling me in the first place and profusely apologized. they also were in major denial when they noticed they were aromantic and saw our relationship as a way to try and be normal being aro is completely normal and okay by the way . they soon started to feel sick for not telling me this and felt terrible after noticing they should not of forced a relationship on themself. this was all caused because they tried to suppress their actual feelings without immediately noticing it and me jumping into this way too fast which is not their fault, so i do not want any hate directed toward them in the comments. i feel unwanted
when i was in school i took gcse re and one of the topics we covered was about suicide and also assisted death. at time i thought suicide was bad because that is all we hear and are conditioned to believe. however in re we were looking into different religious beliefs and of course all the religions say suicide is bad but the teacher showed us a clip of a woman who was a suicide advocate and id like to add i was not suicidal or depressed while at school i thought she made some really good points. of course at the time i did not make my opinions known because everyone in class was saying how she is wrong i was only 15 at the time and did not want to be made to see some stupid school councillor or something so i kept my opinions to myself. everyone is argument against suicide in that class seemed so stupid to me after hearing what that suicidal woman had to say. i understand that when people die its sad. extremely sad when its a close friend or family. but dying is inevitable so why are non suicidal people so against suicide? id rather die on my own terms. i am extremely depressed and suicidal and i feel as though i get emotionally blackmailed to stay alive. i might sound naive but i rarely ever hear people telling non suicidal people to please stay alive. like when my dad was just randomly dying from a heart attack one day i did hear my mom say it to him but is she angry at him for dying even though she told him not to? no and that is because he had an illness which caused him to die. i also have an illness and that illness is depression which is pushing me closer to death just in this case its me wanting to die on my own terms? i know my mom would hold some sort of resentment towards me if i were to die by suicide. at the end of the day all deaths are sad and upsetting no matter how the individual dies so why are the people who are suicidal the ones who are selfish? so i have to stay alive and suffer just so you do not feel bad and get your feelings hurt? is that not selfish? what is the difference between dying by choosing suicide and dying naturally?
i have 30 paracetamol tablets 500mg currently next to my bedside. i am male, 22 years old, average height, and maybe a little over my recommended body weight. this feels like the easiest way out available to me but i have read that it is slow amp painful and could lead to permanent damage when unsuccessful. i have been thinking about ending things for a while now. honestly, in the past it was just a distant thought for the most part and i could just ignore it when i would think about it but over the past year and a half i have pretty much spiralled down to probably the darkest point in my life and it is pretty much all i have been thinking about. i feel like i am just a failure who has burned any potential future i had ahead of me, and i have even driven away close friends because of my poor decisions and my sometimes chaotic behavior recently. i really hate myself rn and am so disappointed in what i have amounted to. i have lost pretty much all motivation i had. the thought of suicide is starting to feel less abstract and more like a real potential outcome everyday. but the more real it feels the more i feel like there is no easy way out and i am scared of surviving and living with permanent damage to myself. a few months ago i tried cutting myself, but never even went deep enough to make a real threat to my life. i was confident i would be taking these pills only a few hours ago, but now that seems unlikely to me after reading more about it. i am kind of scared. idk what to do. i never really thought this would be me, like feeling this way and posting on a forum like this. but here i am. feeling desperate and defeated and i guess i am realizing i am going to be here a little longer. so i just need to get this off my chest as i do not really have anyone i am comfortable or confident enough to talk about this with irl. i am not really looking for a specific response or encouragement telling me not to do it but i do not mind any response. i just feel like i need to let these thoughts out into words and put them somewhere outside of my head. no easy way
i am not usually the one commenting or writing in forums however, with our current crisis following this covid 19 pandemic do not feel like its worth going on. let me elaborate. i do not see myself as an awaken person. i do not prefer that description nor am i suicidal, but death does not frighten me the same way it did when i was younger. in our current day and age were there is so much going on. i find it difficult to motivate myself to get anything done, after all what do it matter? most people do not care about the bigger picture and who am i to change the world.we have major global conspiracies right in front us ie. the deaths of jeffrey epstein and maybe john mcafee. the censorship of so many people following this pandemic. the list goes on.our governments all across the world seem more useless than ever, printing money recklessly believing it will not have consequences. most of the western societies are taxing the hell out of us, where i live denmark we pay at least 39 in income tax some people pay upwards of 60 and on top of that there is 25 vat on everything we buy. then there is product specific taxes on cars, tobacco, liquor. everything is taxed where does all this money go? people tell me i should not care about what its happening across the world, but i cannot be careless because i believe that is why we are moving into a dark future. and i am tired of the corrupt embassy people, the big monopolies and ridiculous laws that is infringing our freedom.i am not a man that is tied to any possessions. i do not have any ambition to become rich or famous, i do not want a fancy car nor fancy house, i do not dress fancy but i believe its our duty to ensure every person gets a chance in life and as we see, so many people live in poverty and homelessness and hunger even in our great state of the eu.why should i continue to work the rest of my life to pay for these people that is stealing our future and ruining our planet.if you got any questions i would love to engage a discussion. our different opinions are worth to be listened to. what is going on?
so i used to come here alot..finding ways to kill myself specifically in september 2020 till january 2021.i litterly tried everything anyone can think of even eating a poisonous fruit even tho i knew it was not good enough to kill me only got out of it with stomach aches.so i know and understand how every one of you feels.although at the time i tried not to think to end it all but i realised suicidal thoughts cannot be stopped when you are living a miserable existence. all of that changed and i got out of my depression..how?i really do not know, one day i got up got dressed and went to school for the first time in months. the reason i went because i found the perfect way to end it all the night before and it was working..halfway through i thought about my parents and family and how it would be an ugly to find me.so i stopped and thought to myself hey let us go to school and when i see how horrible life is i would do it with no regrets and when i went life did not seem so horrible anymore..i actually had fun. and that is how i realised that i was not normal and severally mentally ill to think of giving up on life because my fucked up brain told me there is no other way.i am here to tell you there is. it might seem like it is the only answer but i am a living proof that it is not. i had the best 6 months of my life when i remember telling my sister i feel like i am never going to feel an ounce of happiness ever again.you are not the first one to ever be depressed and not the last one either. literally every one will get it at some point and feel okay again and you know who never get out of it? people who end it all. it is not normal to think of killing yourself and you are not normal at the moment so your brain is literally killing you by giving you these thoughts. it is all a lie bro and one day when you hopefully get through it you will laugh your ass off at how stupid your thoughts were and it is the best feeling in the world, do not miss on it.if anyone wants to talk you are more than welcomed..stay safe. depression is a lie..do not fall for it.
so i used to come here alot..finding ways to kill myself specifically in september 2020 till january 2021.i litterly tried everything anyone can think of even eating a poisonous fruit even tho i knew it was not good enough to kill me only got out of it with stomach aches.so i know and understand how every one of you feels.although at the time i tried not to think to end it all but i realised suicidal thoughts cannot be stopped when you are living a miserable existence. all of that changed and i got out of my depression..how?i really do not know, one day i got up got dressed and went to school for the first time in months. the reason i went because i found the perfect way to end it all the night before and it was working..halfway through i thought about my parents and family and how it would be an ugly to find me.so i stopped and thought to myself hey let us go to school and when i see how horrible life is i would do it with no regrets and when i went life did not seem so horrible anymore..i actually had fun. and that is how i realised that i was not normal and severally mentally ill to think of giving up on life because my fucked up brain told me there is no other way.i am here to tell you there is. it might seem like it is the only answer but i am a living proof that it is not. i had the best 6 months of my life when i remember telling my sister i feel like i am never going to feel an ounce of happiness ever again.you are not the first one to ever be depressed and not the last one either. literally every one will get it at some point and feel okay again and you know who never get out of it? people who end it all. it is not normal to think of killing yourself and you are not normal at the moment so your brain is literally killing you by giving you these thoughts. it is all a lie bro and one day when you hopefully get through it you will laugh your ass off at how stupid your thoughts were and it is the best feeling in the world, do not miss on it.if anyone wants to talk you are more than welcomed..stay safe. depression is a lie..do not fall for it.
firstly, i just know that i will not ever be able to transition to how i want to be. i will not be able to get top surgery, or hormones or whatever because that shit is too expensive and i can barely make enough money to pay rent as it is.i do not have insurance, i am struggling to make money, and i barely have any skills that i am proud of. i am walked all over by everyone i know because i am a people pleaser. i just want to snap at everyone one day. i want to isolate myself from everyone i know. i just want to stop existing in the eyes of everyone i know.i try to ground myself, do that stupid coping skill shit, but it just does not work. medication does not work for me either, i have tried. therapy maybe worked for a little bit but i never really got to the things that i really needed to get through in the 3 years i went. maybe i should become an alcoholic as soon as i can legally buy alcohol. it runs in the family after all. i do not see any point in trying so ill just throw everything away as soon as i possibly can. i do not even know how the fuck i have gotten as far as i have in life. and i am barely scraping by. i often have fantasies of the train tracks near my house. its only a 10 15 minute walk to get there. i think about putting my head onto the tracks, listening to music, and closing my eyes. the only reason i have not done it yet is because i am scared.the only reason is instinctual self preservation. and i hate it. i do not have the balls to just up and leave in the middle of the night because i feel like my roommate would figure it out. or maybe not, idfk. maybe if i just pretend everything is fine for a little longer i can leave without a trace, and no one will notice until its too late. hopefully it would be successful so that i would not have to deal with hospital fees. tbh i do not think there is any coming back from a train crushing your head in anyways. no one would notice if i disappeared one day. i am going to go nowhere in my life. i will not transition, i will not be successful, i will not have anything good going for me.
but here i am none the less.. i am probably going to ramble a little here as i am not expecting anyone to actually read this, i am using it more as someone to talk to, somewhere i can unload my thoughts instead of getting lost in my head.. i wish i had someone to talk to.. i did actually have that luxury, i had a girlfriend who i quite literally adored and still do but unfortunately she cheated on me and despite my best efforts to forgive and forget she wants nothing to do with me, she says its because i begged for her to stay, which i do honestly regret doing, lesson learnt lol but do i really deserve to be abandoned by the person that told me they would never leave and they would always have love for me, no matter what.? as for my home life, it is not the best either, i recently put my hand through glass because i guess it is a more explainable and accepted version of self harm. i have doen this more than i am proud of but sometimes i feel like i cannot help it and the sudden release and the adrenaline and pain is kind of soothing. the urge to cut myself has gotten worse these past few weeks, my mental health is definitely on a decline. i have not felt any love since my girlfriend left me, that coupled with the continuious mental and emotional abuse at home is making life unbearable. i am tired of getting threatened, i am tired of being called every name under the sun, i am tired of being compared, put down and belittled. so. fucking. tired. recently i have started to care less about what my family think of me, which i guess is a good thing, yes they can still make me sad but if i get out of here i will no longer feel bad for leaving them in my past. i think any attempt at rebuilding any bridges at this stage is out the picture. i am going to try and post here if i feel the need to vent, however brief the post may be, hopefully this will help clear my head. i know this post is not the best conversation starter but i am honestly so lonely right now i would love some friends or just a conversation. well, i never thought i would be posting here..
just saying it in a quasi public way. i 32m do not really want to be alive. have been in self imposed exile from everyone but coworkers for just over 6 months now after deeply hurting someone who trusted me. feel like the chaotic nature of my behavior has totally derailed my whole identity and invalidated basically everything i thought about myself my whole adult life, and the arbitrary meaning i would assigned to behaviors and projects is now inaccessible in order to not further hurt others or disrupt communities. some days i recapture some ambition, but most days i am just going through the motions, and days of energy are often devoted to cleaning up the accumulated mess since the last energy day. i think maybe i could start getting a way out of this from talking to the person i hurt, but i think they are not interested in talking to me, and i do not want to re victimize them by interacting with me, and especially being presented with, directly or indirectly, some potential of taking on my problems. there is also someone who loves me, who i left, who i have also blocked out. i miss them all the time, i think about them every time anything good happens, but i also know that i cannot be what they need me to be for them, and maybe the reverse as well. i want to let them know i am still alive, but i also do not want to reopen old wounds that may be healing by now, or disrupt them meeting someone new who will treat them how they need to be treated. my lease ends in a week, and i do not know where i am going to go. i had a traumatic experience with my current landlord, and do not want to talk to them, or have to talk to anyone else. searching for apartments or housing is overwhelming. there are a few places i may squat, but then i am risking getting an eviction or trespassing, which will make it very difficult to get housing in the future. i can sleep in my car, but food will get very expensive without refrigeration or any method of cooking. i guess i just do not feel like there is a way out, like i am trapped. i do not really want to talk about it
tried phrasing an intro but i suck at writing so ay, here it goes.been depressed for about a decade i believe now. had the occasional suicidal thought but it was not a major issue. it got significantly worse in may for no reason. i have just been trying to stay afloat by coping how i usually do. the future looks bright, people love you, you have this dream of being a musician, yada yada. today something scary happened. i do not think i care anymore. i do not care i will never get to stand on a stage and i do not care that i did not have that date with the person i like yet. i do not care that this chapter of my life is about to end and that everything can and will change for the better.i do not even know how i will make it though the night. all the depression i went through up until now feels like nitpicking now. i cannot do anything. all i do is eat and drink. i do not even sleep anymore, i do not remember the last time i felt truly awake and alive.i am used to things being grim and just being this cynical, pessimistic person everyone hates to be around but this is new. i do not make jokes anymore, i do not play the piano anymore, i do not do anything. i am barely a person. i just get up, doomscroll reddit until my stomach tells me to eat, if i have anything there i will get drunk to make my presence a little more bearable and then i will cry for a couple of hours until my body is too exhausted to even do that and then i lay in bed in this catatonic state waiting for insomnia to leave me alone so i can,,,, do it all again tomorrow.i just do not want to be alone. the only time i feel alive is in groups. when i have to watch my every word and movement and i get to see different people interact. so much stimulation. so little focus on my own mind. unfortunately i cannot be around people all the time. i do have a lot of friends but none of them would want to hear this. sure, i am a funny person but also horribly disposable.anyway, wish me luck at surviving this night, i am terrified of what i am going to do to myself hahaha it does not get better
hello, my name is scar not real name . i am on mobile so please excuse my formatting. i am friends with 4 girls my age we are in grade 7 year 8 . they are called a, known her since aged 7, b, known her since aged 7 and c and d have known since 2 years ago. i am pretty much the outsider of the group, its tough because a and b, as well as c and d have been friends for ages, i am talking years. anyways this means i am often not told a lot about them as i am not the closest of friends with them. today, i was hanging out with a, c and d b was elsewhere when they were starting to have a deep conversation. they started rating their emotions and they asked me what i was like. i said i am a 10, i am great and never really get sad. then it was their go. they all said minus 10. meaning they all self harm everywhere on their bodies and have attempted to kill themselves, severely depressed, do not want to even be on this earth anymore. now i know that they have been upset for a while but did not know it was to this level. then, they started comparing sh and pulled out a razor and started sh c. i was extremely uncomfortable and almost in tears. they then started to try and slit their wrists i front of me thankfully the razor blade was dull so they did not do much damage i was officially so uncomfortable and started weeping and ran out of there. they started discussing ways to kill themselces and laughed. i ran all the way home and cried so much. thankfully, my parents are extremely supportive of me and comforted me, but i did not tell them why i was crying. i know that c has been raped by a girl maybe sexually assaulted, idk the difference when she was in year 4 and 6. eg fingered and penetrated. same with b. maybe that was the because of her pain. i know that they do not have good relationships with their parents so that is probably why they talk with a b c and d all of them together. i am only 13. i should not have to deal with this. i love them and do not want anything to happen to them. i need severe help. my 13 year old friends want to kill themselves.
i do not think you realise that ur making things worse for me. i went to you for help and support, not to be lectured or for you to try solve all my problems. i just wanted sometime to listen but you did the opposite, you tried to blame everything on my phone, and ironically that is the one escapes i have from my mind. i did not mean to become a burden on you and i wish i could be the same smiley happy girl i used to be. but i am not and idk how to bring her back. all i wanted was for you to understand what i am going through, but you did not. i feel you judging every move i make, monitoring my screen time, as if my depression is all being caused from a single screen. i wish we could go back to how we used to be, the love in ur eyes that used to be there when you looked at me is gone. its replaced with sourness and pain and disappointment. and i wish more than anything that i could make you proud for once. but i just cannot. i cannot fake being happy and bubbly like i used to be. she is gone. i do not know how to remove that hatred and anger you feel towards me now and it hurts. it stings every time you explode at me, every time you yell or argue. i am sorry for putting you through this and i am sorry for being a shit daughter. but right now i am just trying to focus on living, and every time i finally start to feel better, you remind me of something i am still battling, pointing out every little thing i am trying so hard to get better at. but it makes me crumble all the way back down, and then i have to work my way back up again. i am trying, i really am. i am trying so hard to just be happy. i am trying to find that little girl that everyone misses. i even miss her. i miss being happy, being loved, i miss the simplicity and brightness of life. but i do not know how to bring any of that back and if i did i would have by now. i do not know how much more i can put up with before i entirely burst again. i just want to be happy. and i want to make you happy, but i cannot. i do not know how to anymore and i am so so sorry. i just want to be happy
when i was young around 6 8 i always hung out with a girl in my neighborhood, she made me do bad things like smoke and start fires, but the wrost thing she told me about was probably the hub and for some reason after that i have became addicted to it. so i guess a few months back, i did something absolutely horrible and disgusting, ever since than i cannot stop feeling guilty and such. now what i did was well... i am not sure how to put it in words but i guess if i put it simply, i was watching the hub and came across something else that made me curious and i kind of made my dog lick me in an inappropriate place.. this only happened once after again out of curiosity.. to clarify! i am not attracted to animals and i did not enjoy! it cannot! stop feeling guilty and i am not sure what to do.. i am only 13 almost 14 and i feel like i fucked everything up.. i absolutely hate myself for what i have done and i have been wondering, is my life even worth living for? i have done so many horrible things, so how can my life be anything important? am i a rapist? will i ever be a good person or am i doomed to be this monster of a human? i know humans do stupid things all the time but can i ever be normal again? will it be okay if i stop feeling guilty and forget that it ever happened? i want to tell my new therapist when i meet them about what i did but i am scared it will be on my record or they will see me as disgust. i am just really scared. i am so disgusted and frustrated with myself lately because of that event that i have been hurting myself lately again.. i cannot live with myself anymore. i have only become more like my dad and i hate it so much, why do i have to existence? i keep ruining things and making bad decisions. there is no hope for me is there? i am scared to stop feeling guilty because i feel like that will make me more of a bad person. i really do not want to be a rapist or overall even a bad person. i do not know what i should do. i cannot tell anyone or they will hate and be disgusted with me. i am a disgusting and horrible person.
its the weekend and everyone celebrating tonight only i got home from tiring long hours work ready tosleep but the people downstairs have to make money and celebrate so they have this festival outside my room. loud booming sounds and i cannot sleep giving me migraine lies lies lies the fucking complex lease i signed told me not till many months it will be festival. damn right not but it means it will be 20 times worse that this.as i sat in the toilet feeling defeated. i got too depressed and just began crying how i hated people and the way they inconvenience me and yet i equally hate myself more that i want the butcher to use the cow gun directly in my forehead. why do i even matters.i hate myself so much and i am too old and tired i am too afraid to die yet when i think of it i have no life. my life has no meaning. i having nothing to live for day by day by day i routinely do the chores repeatedly and i just want the day to end and then have to do it over again but for what.i do not have family at my age i am too old and i am even infertile soon or now.i am never going to be normal i was never normal .i was brought to the us illegally and that fucked up my life over and over. i have so many problems in high school but because i am illegal i cannot tell the reason for my problems.because well get deported. i am now a us citizen but fuck it all. my life has not changed one bit. in fact its too late now all my hopes and dreams.i should have just drank the bleach and let them euthanized me. the nurse almost killed me before too much anesthesia i could not breathe i should have just let it all in and die.i should have just died. i do not know what is the point of my existence.i love someone who cannot love me.she is the only reason and she does not even know my existence.i do not know i really do not knowim so stuck in the mud.i say i do not wait for storm to pass. i wait for the storm in this sinking boat to take me with it.fuck me for being a failure.i wish all these are just nightmares and when i wake up i am already dead. its just me
its the weekend and everyone celebrating tonight only i got home from tiring long hours work ready tosleep but the people downstairs have to make money and celebrate so they have this festival outside my room. loud booming sounds and i cannot sleep giving me migraine lies lies lies the fucking complex lease i signed told me not till many months it will be festival. damn right not but it means it will be 20 times worse that this.as i sat in the toilet feeling defeated. i got too depressed and just began crying how i hated people and the way they inconvenience me and yet i equally hate myself more that i want the butcher to use the cow gun directly in my forehead. why do i even matters.i hate myself so much and i am too old and tired i am too afraid to die yet when i think of it i have no life. my life has no meaning. i having nothing to live for day by day by day i routinely do the chores repeatedly and i just want the day to end and then have to do it over again but for what.i do not have family at my age i am too old and i am even infertile soon or now.i am never going to be normal i was never normal.i was brought to the us illegally and that fucked up my life over and over. i have so many problems in high school but because i am illegal i cannot tell the reason for my problems.because well get deported. i am now a us citizen but fuck it all. my life has not changed one bit. in fact its too late now all my hopes and dreams.i should have just drank the bleach and let them euthanized me. the nurse almost killed me before too much anesthesia i could not breathe i should have just let it all in and die.i should have just died. i do not know what is the point of my existence.i love someone who cannot love me.she is the only reason and she does not even know my existence.i do not know i really do not knowim so stuck in the mud.i say i do not wait for storm to pass. i wait for the storm in this sinking boat to take me with it.fuck me for being a failure.i wish all these are just nightmares and when i wake up i am already dead. its just me
as the title says, i have been going bald for the past few years and it is made my life a living hell without a shred of hope. it is started when i was around 16.5 17 24 now and basically my life had stopped ever since. i need to mention i am using the common medications for hair loss, and though i have had nice results for some time, my hair is now at its worst state ever and it is only getting worse.i am so lonley, have no social life since i am ashamed to go outside, have never been loved by someone or even got intimate with a woman, and it is all because of this malicious curse. i would trade absolutely everything i have to have a normal head of hair, like a guy my age should have. i would give everything for the privilege of leaving my room without being ancious about my appearance. i know the hair is not my only problem, but it is most definitely the core of all the other ones.i was actually just at the hair transplant clinic as i am still trying to fight for my life, hopeful to make an appointment, and although the guy there said it is still too early for me does not mean it looks anywhere near decent he showed me my pictures from 5 years ago when i had last visited the clinic, and i looked so much better and had fantastic hair compared to what i have now. in fact, i was once a pretty handsome guy though never appreciated it , but the combination of depression and baldness have made me look old, sad and ugly to a point of no return.in that point of time it really does not matter whether i actually end my life or not, because i feel like i am already dead. actually, i do not even feel like i am human anymore, just a pathetic, useless piece of rubbish. having better days is actually the worst thing, because getting back to life after them only makes me feel much worse. my youth has been taken away from me and i feel doomed to be lonley and hating my appearance for the rest of my life.i have no idea what is the point of this post, but anyway, thank you for reading and have a nice rest of the week. going bald is slowly killing me
hallo internet its been like 10 months since i started thinking on how should i kill my self i have never really done it. but in feb 13 i wrote a suicide note and in march i recorded my self.i was talking about how i am getting stressed and how i want to die. i was crying when i recorded that. i am not really afraid of death. i am just afraid of pain that is why i have not really done anything i am failing school. i have 2 bestfriends they helped me study. they gave me answers. they are really good friends of mine.we are friends for 3 to 4 years now. i am just worried that if they found out that i killed my self that. they would be sad. or.. would they even care?. i have a good life. we eat 3 times a day. mom bought me laptop. sister gave me cellphone because i broke mine i am really worried about my mother on how will she react since my father just died last year on october i am worried about my sister who is pdw. i am worried that if i committed suicide that they cannot handle it well i am just tired honestly i am lazy. i did not do my school works that is why i am failing.my friends gave me answers but i was just too lazy. and i am a procastinator. i am quite smart. i get the lesson much faster than my classmate. but i do not know when it all went all wrong. my mom said if i will not pass this year then she will send me to my aunt in the province and that is where i am going to study i am grade 10 rn and i think i am going to repeat. its not that big of a problem since people here have been through much worse situation that i have rn i am sorry guys but. everyday all i think about is my future. i am worried. i am pessimistic. i am not diagnose with depression or anything. but i think i have it. i tend to over thing things its been really stressful its gotten to the point that i cannot relax. its been really hard. i want to kill my self should i do it? well i am really tired i just want to rest. any advice? i am planning to kill my self tomorrow and i do not know what to do. will my friends and family will be sad about my death?
my life currently is meaningless, my family makes it clear daily that they hate me do not say anything about that they love me or some shit, you do not know what i have to go through . i have struggled with anxiety since i was little due to my mothers erratic and abusing behaviour and for whatever reason she has not done the same with my sisters. whenever she goes on abusive rants they both chime in. i am 21 and they are both a little bit younger than me.i met my boyfriend when we were 16 and i love him more than anything in the world and this feeling is definitely mutual. hes made it clear to me that he wants to spend the rest of his life with me and i feel the same. in september my friend from university committed suicide and i was completely devastated. at her funeral i watched how horribly it affected her boyfriend and i just could never put mine through that.having said that, i cannot leave the household i am in. i have just graduated from university and i am still in desperate need for a job but my mother will go through hoops to make sure that i do not. she will scream and yell at me to destroy me as much as she can and its mentally so draining. she will make me feel terrible about not doing anything until i leave or start to clean and then she will gaslight me and tell me i still have not done anything. i end up going to be with my boyfriend but his family have their own issues and i prefer to stay away from that and so do they. this puts me in such a shitty position because i can only stay with them at certain times which means i am home for most of the day. i told her recently i wanted to get help because i want to commit suicide and she told me that it would be too embarrassing if i did either. my sisters love to chime into this sort of shit and it defeats me. my dad is rarely home and cares more about his business than us. i am emotionally defeated and i do not see a point in burdening these people with my presence anymore. i really want to kill myself but i cannot bear the thought of what my boyfriend would go through
i do not think i am actively suicidal in this moment. if i really wanted to die right now i could just go to the river and jump off the bridge, but i guess my true preferred method would be to just shoot myself in the head.i have watched a lot of videos in the past of people killing theirselves and it mostly looks horribly painful. i cannot imagine the weight of my own gravity pulling me down only from the neck were i to hang myself by jumping, eliminating the chance of pulling myself back up, chances are i would be decapitated if not unraveled from a mediocre try at tying the damn thing. and trains? fuck that. jesus.a gun though. if i could just get my hands on a loaded gun. i do not let myself. i still have to update my address on my drivers license, i have thought about going to a range but that would just be unfortunate for everyone else there.i live alone. so if i had a gun, even if its for protection, at some point i would probably do it. i would text my neighbor hey, i am really sorry, but i need you to call the police for me and tell them to come over. there is nothing you could have done, i am already dead. but thanks for always having been such a wonderful neighbor. tell them the key is under the doormat.i have so many letters in mind to so many people. so many saying the same things. sorry. not your fault. etc.but now i am going off on a tangent. i will not do it because i still have my family. my parents live nearby and my brothers away for college and i know how it would affect them.but i guess what i was hoping that someone could answer is which would be more lethal or at least because unconsciousness quicker handgun shot through the temple or through the roof of mouth?like i said, i am not going to do it. i know how it would affect those in my life. i do think about them. but i would just like to know.sometimes it looks so quick, they drop instantly. but other times, you hear their groans even after. its haunting.thanks i figure this might be the only place to speak without getting deleted or sent away but well see
i enjoy writing and being by myself. i have some projects lined up that should release in the next year or two. i do not expect to become rich, what i hope is that these projects will perform well enough to allow me to quit my job. if not, i think i will live off any remaining savings for a month or so, enjoying final moments, then death.in the united states, apparently none of us have the capability to produce thoughts. if you stand around in silence, people will be bothered by it. have to always talk and smile. for my entire life, i have been talked to as if i am a complete idiot. to be smart, have to always talk and never think... tired of being talked down to. tired of living in such a grossly ignorant country. tough to find fulfilling work. i like my mind and i like to think and feed my varied curiosity. writing seems like the only joy to fulfill these desires. though, i once tried a job that at least provided physical fulfillment landscaping. basically get paid to work out in the sun, be surrounded by nature. i applied landscaping maintenance but they ended up placing me on landscape construction, which is currently out of my capabilities due to such immense heavy lifting. tried telling hr about this, ended spending an hour with two higher ups telling me that i should not be disruptive. when i had went into the job interview, i told the higher up that i am a little reluctant, 30 pounds is probably my lifting limit. he responds oh you will just be planting flowers . a 50 pound slab is quite the flower.job that i currently do is not horrendous, but four or five constant 12 hour shifts is a bit of a drag. and while it is unintional, having my coworkers talk to me as if i am a complete idiot, just because i am quiet, not an existence i want to keep living. i have lived pretty well, and i have given, and will give a few more shots for a worthwhile life. does not seem to make sense to perform unfullfiling work. or to live in a country that likes to promote individuality yet will expect everyone to constantly talk. i dread humans
i am 18, soon 19 and,wondering why not save up some cash, and go to a obscure place to end it. have one last blast before i go. or in my case first,one day to live. were i do it all the drugs i was to cowardice to try. or perhaps do some street racing, maybe hunt down some bastards in my past, and ask theme why why were you such an asshole. kill theme with kindness, but i digress. my whole life up to 18 was boring? wasted?. and know i am close to 19 trying to get into art. well obviously i am awful, i could have started years earlier,been happy,alas i feel this is the finale thing to push me. ill never be happy doing anything else. art is my passion yet i wasted 18 years gaming. too little to late i guess. no fucking good artist started at 18. even vangough drew when he was young, for some reason hes always an example of a late bloomer. i want to join the military, kill or be killed. i feel its were useless dregs like me belong. i take out my anger, and lack of self care on terrorist whatever that means, and maybe ill die, but when i die ill be a hero,instead of a coward. i think its for the best i am an disgusting creature. i wanted to be a artist be happy do paintings, write weird meta physical fantasy novels and sculpt my muses. but i am a fucking useless moron. i feel like life carved a path of destruction for me to follow, die in a bloody useless war. i hate my life, and honestly think ill die at 20. 18 fucking years gone, and what do i have to show for it. you know i have fantasy of a world were i never lived this life. a life were i am not even human nor are my companions. i cannot quite explain it, but me and my fellow aliens are happy, and i had decent parents. i want to strip myself of my disgusting flesh. inject myself with pain killers, and adrenaline. then strip myself clean,of this disgusting curse. finally i pull the trigger and die clean. ill finally be happy with my people. oh ill be a wonder to theme, but will be one in another. 100 percent of my disgusting humane dna gone. why should i not kill myself at 20?
today is my son's birthday. 10yrs ago he was 6yrs old. we had a big party with all his friends and an indiana jones cake! we even had the 501st in attendance. for those who do not know, the 501st is a volunteer group of star wars enthusiasts that visit children in hospitals. my son had been diagnosed with a terminal cancer and passed away just 2 weeks later. i was also going thru a divorce at the time. my husband , despite being my son's step father and knowing my son since the age of 2, rarely visited us in the hospital and attempted to make me feel guilty on the occasions he did. i was also fired from my job, despite being a full time employee for several years and requesting time off in advance. that is, uh, service industry for ya, i guess despite being homeless, jobless and grieving, i was determined to soldier on, so i found an apartment and lived in hermit ude for another year and a half. in spite of a sketch boyfriend and an even sketchier ex husband trying to worm his way back into my bed, i somehow managed to find a job and some emotional stability and even had another child!things were kind of swell for a bit until.....they just were not. i was stuck at home all the time. the house was always under construction and i could not spend time with my friends.it is not one big thing, it is allllll the little things. i cannot tolerate living like this anymore. everything is disorganized and chaotic. i do not have the energy to clean and even if i did, it would only make me anxious, as the entire house is a construction zone that we just so happen to live in. there is no exit strategy or end game, it is just my partner, subbing out jobs a couple of times a year to sketchass dudes who show up whenever, for the past 4yrs. everything is covered in some type of tile dust or trim dust or plywood dust or sheetrock dust and i am apparently allergic to all of it. i take zyrtek, allegra, hydrozene and benadryl daily. i feel worthless. there is no further benefit to my existence on this planet. can i please rest now? i lost my child
the chicken or the egg. for me it feels like the divorce. as she was the only person on this entire earth aside from my long dead parents that actually loved me. its very easy for people who have people that love them, tell people who could disapear without a trace that they matter . no f you. just f you. if your someone who tells people they matter who are not loved, you do not get it. your scum. you encourage suffering is all you do. leave the suicidal alone and let them die. let them out of their misery. your guilt tripping is worse than noose. and to be honest i do not think i would have a funeral like literally it might be days or weeks until a next of kin is even notified. the first next of kin is incoherant and brain dead too so that will go over well. anyways, from 2010 2020, seven 7 close family members croaked. the deaths became so common mixed with my divorce by the end i did not even cry. my nightmare is when i wake up, my life is when i dream. literally. my nightmares are so pleasant because i am actually back as my old self before all the dying, and the divorce, and the emptiness and being left with nothing, or nobody. i coped with the divorce by eating myself into obesity so reproductive prospects are gone making a second marriage an impossibility. its simply over. i have fought it, i have held on for miracles, but none are coming. i am going to blow my brains out soon. the first time i was too scared. but the next time i will not back down. i have no friends. i have been homeless for 2 years because i literally do not care. i am homeless because that is where i belong. if someone would pass me a gun right now id make abstract art on the wall with it. life is not precious. its merely something lucky people get when they have social capital. if you have nothing, there is no reason. reason is someone saying i love you and actually meaning it. sure lots of the guilt trippers will drop their jesus bros or love yourself bro, or some other meaningless slogan or irrelevant commentary. cya on the otherside. decided
i was born poor and i will die poor. my single mother did the best she could and she worked so hard to raise me and my siblings. as soon as i began working, i had to help with bills made sense to me at the time because i still wanted to live and i loved and cared about my family . most of my life i will be repeating this pattern, as most people do. i went to school and i have a useless college degree. i am far too introverted, anxious, and pathetic to even attempt most jobs. i just give up most of the time because i do not really want to work anyways. i have been depressed for who knows how long. i am one of those people that are always cheery, funny, polite, and fun to be around but it is just a front. when it comes down to it, at the end of the day when i am in bed with my thoughts i am fucking miserable. i hate my life, i hate myself, i hate the world and most people. i had a job that was great for a couple years, made pretty decent money and i was in a better position than ever before to move up. i also had a girlfriend that i was living with and we would been together for a couple years. one morning, i just woke up and realized that i did not want any of this. i do not want anything, i just want to not exist. my gf and i have been split up for about a year now. i have been steadily using up all of my money for whatever i want usually food deliveries and staying inside all day watching tv and playing video games. i have been doing this for about a year and it is been a blast honestly. it is just made me realize that my ideal life is one that is not possible to not work and eat, sleep, video games tv. i have also cut off contact with everyone i know for a least 6 months. hopefully that will make it easier on them when if they find out i have committed suicide.i am running out of money and i will be ending everything soon. maybe within a week. life is meaningless. i just spend my time working to make money, to pay to other people just to exist on a base level, and never get to it use any for myself. what a fucking joke.
i am done. i want to end this shit now. i cannot take it, i find that the things that i enjoy are berated by others and it hurts. eh, i guess those things are not really that enjoyable anyway so its whatever. but nobody gives a shit what i think. i get no real support from anyone and its because i am absolutely unvalueable. i am the last person on their minds even though i try to say and do the right things. nothing works and nothing gets better. its always the people who i have talked to who end up happy with the last laugh.i will always be seen as potentially dangerous because of the examples of the many men before me. i will always be seen as a loser because i simply cannot compete with the billions of others out there who could easily replace me at any time. i will always feel lonely because no one wants to be around someone like me who mentions anything from this post. do not take what i say the wrong way, i am not blaming anyone else. i am not angry at anyone in particular. its just about time i stfu and accept that i will always be unwanted. that other people will always have another someone who would they rather be with. that the negatives in life will always outweigh the positives. so no, i do not want to wait any longer than i have to to see what happens in the future. i know my future, so do what you have been doing and leave me alone. i want this to be my final message before i am gone. know that i am through trying to make new relationships and connections. know that i am cutting ties with preexisting ones so they will not find out. know that my parents would not care that much. know that i have tried. i am done with life's bs, it does not even want me to be alive anyway so why did i bother even reaching out here in the first place? i do not care anymore honestly. it never leads to anything. i am too tired to do anything right now tho, i hope to one day have the courage and energy to have this be over lest i end up being 30 with many more issues. i want this to be my final message before i am gone.
being a single mom makes the burden of not wanting to be alive any longer even heavier. i am in constant fucking survival mode. i am in constant fear of what my future looks like and how that is going to provide for them. i have a failed marriage bc my husband turned out to be an addict. i have a job that is not secure because my boss is fucking every new hire and on a cocaine and alcohol binge every weekend thus leading to threatening me that he can fire me whenever he wants. the cost of living is at an all fucking high and i cannot fucking catch up. i have no fucking idea what i want to do in life. i would love to go to college or have a passion for something but i just fucking do not and i do not know why. i do not know why. for as long as i can remember, i just do not have a career in mind. i feel like a failure of a person. i feel like a shitty fucking mother because i cannot seem to figure out what i want to do in life. i have no extended help for my kids. i do it 100 by my fucking self. life is fucking scary. being a single mom trying to survive is fucking scary. i fucking cannot anymore.i fucking live paycheck to paycheck. my son who is going into first grade is in need of supplies and new shoes. hes asking for a certain backpack and it literally kills me, makes me cry that i am struggling so much because of life, i cannot get him simple things like a backpack. when will this fucking end. when will trying to just live a normal life without having to survive first, start. thinking about suicide has been weighing heavier and heavier every single day. i literally think about it every single night when i lay my head down. it makes me sick to even have to ask but literally if anybody can help so i can surprise my son with a backpack for first grade or even so i can stalk up on some groceries or put gas in my car, even if its 3, can you please venmo ashr2. i am at my end and about to have a mental break down, that i obviously cannot even afford to have. if i was not a mom of two, i would have ended it by now
do not get me wrong, suicide is not on my mind 24 7. i quite enjoy living, my life right now is more than i could ask for. no more emotionally abusive parents .no more being shouted at. no more being told i am insane for the smallest things. no more being told that they are worried that every little thing i do will make me more depressed.but. when people get angry with me and shout at me. i relive the very pain i have spent my life trying to get away from. how much it made me feel like being dead was better than being shouted at. my childhood trauma makes me think suicide is the best answer when i am triggered. my trigger is when people shout at me. and when they make no sense. no sense as in. e.g teacher shouting at me for a string being out. i do not understand why she felt the need to shout instead of asking to just put the string away.and how the her apology was so shitty. because she backed up her shouting saying that she, can shout at whoever she wants. because she is a teacher. and that asking why she was shouting is giving her attitude. and continuing to shout at me when i said i have trauma.i hate being confused. it makes me question myself, my worth, everything. the smaller me would always try to reason with me saying, that i am in the wrong. but with childhood of always being told i am in the wrong via shouting, guilt tripping, manipulation and sometimes physical abuse fear. i hate it. so much that i would rather die.other times. i am fine. i am content with living. i enjoy lighting the fire every night that warms up the people and the house.i enjoy learning new things. i enjoy hands on work and understanding how things work.i sometimes fear i will hang myself out of impulse. i am so vulnerable when i am triggered, that i will try to laugh, but i cannot and my chest will start suffocating me. i will forget to breathe. in almost a sorry attempt to die. i hate that my mind tells me to self destruct whenever something goes wrong. whenever something goes wrong, i am more prone to impulsively attempting.
being a single mom makes the burden of not wanting to be alive any longer even heavier. i am in constant fucking survival mode. i am in constant fear of what my future looks like and how that is going to provide for them. i have a failed marriage bc my husband turned out to be an addict. i have a job that is not secure because my boss is fucking every new hire and on a cocaine and alcohol binge every weekend thus leading to threatening me that he can fire me whenever he wants. the cost of living is at an all fucking high and i cannot fucking catch up. i have no fucking idea what i want to do in life. i would love to go to college or have a passion for something but i just fucking do not and i do not know why. i do not know why. for as long as i can remember, i just do not have a career in mind. i feel like a failure of a person. i feel like a shitty fucking mother because i cannot seem to figure out what i want to do in life. i have no extended help for my kids. i do it 100 by my fucking self. life is fucking scary. being a single mom trying to survive is fucking scary. i fucking cannot anymore.i fucking live paycheck to paycheck. my son who is going into first grade is in need of supplies and new shoes. hes asking for a certain backpack and it literally kills me, makes me cry that i am struggling so much because of life, i cannot get him simple things like a backpack. when will this fucking end. when will trying to just live a normal life without having to survive first, start. thinking about suicide has been weighing heavier and heavier every single day. i literally think about it every single night when i lay my head down. it makes me sick to even have to ask but literally if anybody can help so i can surprise my son with a backpack for first grade or even so i can stalk up on some groceries or put gas in my car, even if its 3, can you please venmo ashr2. i am at my end and about to have a mental break down, that i obviously cannot even afford to have. if i was not a mom of two, i would have ended it by now
once i had depression 3 years ago, the reason i wanted to kill myself was because suicide was the only way to get out of the pain that i was fighting. nowadays, things have changed. i want to live and avoid pain but i must kill myself because i found that i am the very person that meets conditions of a man whom i want to kill.there are several things that help me realize that i must kill myself, but in summary, it is because i could have been a better person in any aspectbetter job, better human relationship, more money, and a lot morebut i have not tried and i will not try. 3 years ago i compared myself to others mostly my schoolmates who already graduated and got jobs , but now i compare myself to 'the better me' that i could have been. the counselor i met when i got depression for the first time told me to compare myself to 'the worse me' in the past rather than others but it seems like to work in the wrong way.one major symptom is that i call myself as a third person in my brain. when i swear at myself i do not think like 'why am i such a shitty ass' but 'why is john doe such a shitty ass'. feels quite weird, when someone insults me and that guy is also me. of course it is painful. and logically, i have no reason to stop swearing because my father told me not to harm others and i am not one in that 'others' so swearing at myself is not harming others. not blaming my father tho, for he is the best man i know. i am just abusing his lesson.of course i have a dream of a happy life in my own way. this is what throws me into a deeper pain because every time i dream of it i found that i will not be able to get.as i wrote in the title i do not want to die and i know that no one truly wants to die. that is why i wrote this here, to throw away the black goo which sticks onto my brain. amp x200b btw is this well written enough to read? i rewrote this several times until i cannot make this better but still it looks rambling. any insult will be appreciated. i do not want to kill myself, but i must and someday i will.
i am really depressed because my life is bad, not due to mental illness. i am a divorced mom with no other family, or friends, so no support system at all. not even anyone to bounce ideas off of, get feedback etc.and i have asperger's, so have a hard time with regular jobs and work from home doing basically online gig work. but i am well educated. and i am way older than most posters here. and i am like 90 lbs and have problems with fainting sometimes. 1 i have tried therapy but that did not help at all. it made things worse. probably because that is not the type of help i need. plus when i told my therapist that i was feeling overwhelmed with having to do everything myself without any help, all she did was tell me how she did everything herself without any problem before she was married. and she is never had kids. 2 being locked up in a mental hospital would make things worse. in part because my issues are not a mental illness. but also, if i miss even one day of work i risk not being able to pay my rent and being homeless. so i would come out if the hospital with no place to live and none of my problems solved. but i am so unhappy with my life, and so over stressed with everything that i cannot live this way much longer. i wake up everyday thinking it would be better to just die because i am losing all hope that at this point in my life, that my life can get any better. or become good enough to be worth living. i do not see how i can pull myself out of this mess entirely alone. i need some other sort of help. i am not even sure what. maybe a family that could sort of adopt me as their kid my parents are both dead , people who could even just pretend to be friends with me, maybe someone who could help me out now and then with stuff around the house when it just becomes too much for one person to do etc. just something like that to make it a bit easier. basically family and friends, or pretend ones i guess. any ideas? is there any way to get help that is not 1 talk therapist or 2 being in a mental hospital?
this last year has been horrible.my wife and i moved last year at the beginning of the pandemic with no clue how bad it was going to be. she had a job quick and i went months without one. then i finally took a job with walmart that taxed my body every day because we literally cannot work fast enough for what they want.my wife and i worked separate shifts. so now i do not see her anymore, and i have a terrible job that is keeping me in physical pain. i got depressed, who the fuck would not?so i withdrew, and at the same time so did she. we had our spats and then she came and asked permission to sleep with someone else. all the self assurance i had in my marriage that my life would eventually be okay because i still had her disappeared i said no .then she cheated on me. said that she did not have a companion anymore. i understand that. i cannot forgive her yet, but i understand. same day i found out though, i find out my grandfather has cancer. i do not have many role models, he is one of them.he is gone now, and i almost left my wife for space away from her. i did not do it. i decided that my marriage was more important than her infidelity. that our relationship was worth being hurt over because we could fix it.now she still wants to sleep with other people. i feel worthless. that my marriage is not worth anything because some stupid fantasy is more important.i have no friends here. i have some people i game with and some of them know what is going on. i have no family here. i have no couch to crash on when i am hurt.i am just so tired. i think about walking out in the middle of the road so that i am not killing myself so to speak. i will not because i will not fuck up someone else's life in my effort to stop breathing. i do however have a plethora of blood pressure pills because no matter how much weight i lose my blood pressure is still so high that doctors try to send me to the hospital.i am just so tired. i do not know how much more i can handle. i do not know how much longer i can do this. i am so tired
to those who are reading this, you were some of the only good in my life. i send this to you because i want to thank you for everything you have done for me. it is not your fault. it is nobody's but mine, i caused so many problems for myself and clearly was not a good enough friend. i am sorry for everything i have done, but now you never again have to deal with me. it became too much, out of nowhere. i have been spiraling downwards in my mental state for a long time now, and i finally hit the last straw. everyone i know will see this around 5 30, and by then i will already be dead. coming out as trans was a big hit to my mental health. my relationships were all harmed to some extent, some of which were because of people being awkward with it, and others thanks to straight up transphobia. overall, this has just made 2021 a very difficult year for me. but recently i did something that killed any self love i had left. i tried not starting conversations with my friends. guess how many started one with me?? zero. no one likes me enough to even try to talk to me, to make plans, or anything of the sort. yet somehow i pushed past that. i managed to start feeling alright with myself. i have taught myself to do that, because no one ever likes me so i try to like myself. but then i received a message that broke my heart. one of my best friends, and the person who is been the kindest and most caring to me, told me she no longer wanted to be friends. realising i managed to fuck up one of the best relationships i have ever had made life unbearable. note that the person who broke off will not see this part and that brings me to where i am now, sitting here trying to figure out how i will end it, and creating this note for you, to at least understand my pain. i am sorry for always being so annoying and stupid, but apparently it is just who i was. thanks for being in my life. could someone check over my suicide note and make sure it does not seem like it is blaming anyone? i do not want anyone to thinks it is their fault.
my life sucks. and i mean it really sucks. i have been hating my life since i was 8. at no point has it ever looked up until now but that is complicated i am forcing myself to make friends. and i am getting emotionally attached to this girl. my significant other kind of blows me off frequently. i am falling for this girl. i do not think it will ever happen but we are incredibly close. she did start crushing on my friend though. i have spend hours every day talking with her. i genuinely hated being alone. i am glad i have her as a friend. 7 8yo sexually abused start to identify as trans, but its a little early, so its not as acceptible so i have to hide it in and out of fostercare for a few years. complex mental health issues had already started. 15yo, used by a 25yo. things get really bad. 23yo i continue the cycle that happened to me at 15. get busted. spend a year in prison, 3 years on probation. 29yo now. all i have are my friends, and i am positive they will just abandon me as per usual. still dysphoric as hell. high double digit suicide attempts. 10 or so icu visits. let us just say its complicated. i want to self harm, i have all these feelings i am incapable of dealing with. i fell for a girl i should not have. i do not cheat. but i cannot control my heart or my emotions. i feel a natural chemistry. its possible that my romantic feelings are just misattribution since i am unused to any affection, intimacy, anyone caring etc, you get the point. so, i will just assume the feelings are real. i have the feeling that shits going to blow up soon. why does she have to like my friend. we met her at the same time. this is the first person who i have told most of my story to. she did not pull away. i am lost, self harm could help me find my way. clarity is always higher after the suicide attempt would be nice if i would stop failing. afterwards everything is simpler for months after. i am grey like a walking zombie. i have been ready to die most of my life. i just do not know what to do. what is the point.
i have autism, epilepsy, dyscalculia, and ocd. the only other person in my family with epilepsy is my mother, but nobody else in my family has the three others. it is so unfair. a lot of these dominate my entire life and make it absolute shit. the thing is is that i love my family, especially my dad, so i do not want to make them upset if i commit suicide. i just wish there was a way for everyone to completely forget that i ever existed after i die, and sometimes i wish i was born in a different era so that i could just be some average person who nobody will remember in the future. i know this is not as bad as some of the other posts here but i still hate living like this and i often feel like the best way out is death.i hear voices constantly, and much of the time they keep telling me that i am worthless, that the world has no use for me and that everyone would be better off if i was dead. sometimes they also tell me that people are after me and that they want to either humiliate me or look bad in some way, that people are actively looking to ruin my life as much as possible while trying to let me live through that as long as possible. sometimes i feel like my family is at risk too. and these can last for hours on end, for almost every fucking day. people keep recommending me to seek therapy but i already tried that and it works temporarily but then it just comes back shortly after and it gets even worse. therapy does not just magically make it all disappear.sometimes doing things like drawing and piano playing helps me to calm down for a bit, but then the thoughts come back. it is also frustrating because i am autistic so i only have very narrow and specific interests to keep me occupied.some people say that autism, epilepsy, dyscalculia, ocd, etc. are things to be proud of but i do not quite understand that, since there is no real benefit that any of them have to my life, they only because complications and suffering.is there anyone in a similar situation to mine? feel like a defective human being
so, let me take you back to 1989. i had made a pretty bad decision in joining the usaf, as i ended up as an sp security police, pretty much a patrolman , did not realize my adhd was still there and only controlled by a lot of caffeine, and depression had been lurking in the background. i was stationed in the uk, and was pretty much miserable. my sergeant was a full on asshole, as were his two subordinates. things came to a head one night while i was guarding an ammo depot. i am sitting in the shack, trying to read through a manual to help me be a better cop as it was , and that darkness hit me hard. as a law enforcement person, i was issued a service revolver. before i realized it, i had it in my hand, and was putting the barrel in my mouth. i could not feel anything but emptiness and no reason to keep living. cocking the hammer back, i sat there, and mentally asked for a reason any reason to not pull the trigger. at that moment, the faces of my family and friends flashed in my head. i realized that killing myself was not going to end my pain it would create pain to those i cared about. i took the sidearm from my mouth, eased the hammer back, and just broke down crying. i told my c.o. what happened, and was taken off duty and sent for therapy. not long after, i was discharged honorable and went home.it took me 32 years to finally open up and talk about that night, because i was so bothered that i had come so close to ending my life early. sure, life has had its up and downs, but i am glad that i chose to live. it has given me an over developed sense of self preservation.yes, i am still dealing with depression and seeing a therapist. there are days when it just feels like everything is shit, but i just push through. mods i am hoping that this is within the rules. i just needed to get this posted to keep being able to talk about that moment. please let me know if this is the wrong subreddit, and if there is one that would be more appropriate. thank you. it took 32 years for me to open up about this...
um well so far my life has been pretty shit to say the least i grew up emotionally abused but a black household does not see it that way which sucks in all honesty i mean i have been thinking about suicide for 4 years and i cannot keep going on like this. i cannot talk to anyone in my family because of my crippling social anxiety, i have tried to get better with all this depressing sad shit and it has not worked one bit i have done up to everything suggested and things i have thought of myself and none of it has worked i have only felt good for a few days then i went back spiraling into my emotions for along time i have hated the way life was and the way people behaved and acted towards each other and me. sometimes i wake up with thoughts of hurting people or hurting myself daily and i would not even be able to speak to a family member about getting a therapist or psychiatrist because they do not believe in that one bit and i do not know what to do because i sometimes feel no emotional attachment towards my family i am not even 18 yet and my birthdays next month i in reality did not want to make it there because all i wanted was a family that i felt love from and to be loved yes anti climatic i know but i have had very bad self doubt and it just gets worse i have hated my appearance and i have hated the way i have looked for years i have always felt ugly tried many things to feel better about my appearance but nothing works in all honesty lol i know i am spewing random shit but this is the best i can do i wanted to be happy for along time and i am still trying but i have given up hope after today. there was a girl that i cared about very much skip the blah blah shit we broke up and she told me she had feelings for my best friend after reassuring me that she did not like him he liked her they are now together and i am just stuck here in a horrible position i have wanted to kill myself for along time i just cannot find a way successfully either today or the next few days i am going to end everything
is it really meant for anyone? anyone but the richest of the rich or those who have control over people? if you have enough control you can convince anyone of anything, you can make them question their reality and their life, who they are and their own morals. honestly i think part of me died in 2016. i always think about that year and how awful it was. getting evicted with my mother, my ex friend dating someone twice her age and getting mad at me when i said that it was weird, memes turning from silly cats and animations to compilations of people getting made fun of for things they have no control over. sure maybe some of that shit existed before then but man was that a fucked up year, and i have never felt personal peace since. i think it was the year my childhood got wrecked, i had to enter reality hard and fast and i have never been able to heal from it since. i do not think i belong in this world, i do not think its worth living in. honestly once the internet became a necessity the world has taken a nose dive in my eyes. i wish we could live without it again. i wish we were not so dependent. i wish every word, action, and thought i put out was not recorded. i want to hide my past self and forget my trauma, i want to be a new person. but the idea of any info, any thing i said when i was young or anything i shared that was private can now be possibly shared with anyone. i feel like i am not worthy of this world. i am one of the scum that is selfish and needy, i can never live a normal life again, i cannot keep things in the past because everyone will always want to find out. i want to kill myself for the sake of the planet, one less body to deal with, one less worthless soul to hear beg for mercy. this might be the most annoying post i have ever made in the way that is like i am so smart way but man i truly am upset with how humanity functions, why cannot we live like dogs or something were we do not come up with stupid meaningless bullshit to attach worth too. this world is not meant for me
is it really meant for anyone? anyone but the richest of the rich or those who have control over people? if you have enough control you can convince anyone of anything, you can make them question their reality and their life, who they are and their own morals. honestly i think part of me died in 2016. i always think about that year and how awful it was. getting evicted with my mother, my ex friend dating someone twice her age and getting mad at me when i said that it was weird, memes turning from silly cats and animations to compilations of people getting made fun of for things they have no control over. sure maybe some of that shit existed before then but man was that a fucked up year, and i have never felt personal peace since. i think it was the year my childhood got wrecked, i had to enter reality hard and fast and i have never been able to heal from it since. i do not think i belong in this world, i do not think its worth living in. honestly once the internet became a necessity the world has taken a nose dive in my eyes. i wish we could live without it again. i wish we were not so dependent. i wish every word, action, and thought i put out was not recorded. i want to hide my past self and forget my trauma, i want to be a new person. but the idea of any info, any thing i said when i was young or anything i shared that was private can now be possibly shared with anyone. i feel like i am not worthy of this world. i am one of the scum that is selfish and needy, i can never live a normal life again, i cannot keep things in the past because everyone will always want to find out. i want to kill myself for the sake of the planet, one less body to deal with, one less worthless soul to hear beg for mercy. this might be the most annoying post i have ever made in the way that is like i am so smart way but man i truly am upset with how humanity functions, why cannot we live like dogs or something were we do not come up with stupid meaningless bullshit to attach worth too. this world is not meant for me
at this point i am done with everything. yesterday my parents told me that i am going to be homeless in a week. very likely i am going to get kicked out before then. i have really bad anxiety and depression, to the point to where i am nonfunctional. i have no friends, no relationships with people besides my close family. no job, and i just had to drop out of college in the first week of summer quarter because it is just too much to handle. life is miserable being depressed and unable to communicate with people. i have tried a lot of different things, and nothing has helped. except for xanax. literally in my entire life the only time i have ever felt normal was on a benzo. i can talk to people normal ly and calmly while on one. i have had difficulty with it though. i am an addict. in the past i have not been able to take it like a normal medicine. i abused it. hard. the past few years have been difficult for all of us because of this. still, it is the only thing that is ever made me feel normal . recently i made a plan to get some, and i should have more by next week. long story short, my parents found out, and they are kicking me out. when my mom found out and she absolutely freaked. she changed the wifi password and cancelled my government subsidized phone plan which nobody else in the house has any use for, because they already have paid for phone plans . i will not be able survive homeless. let alone homeless without a phone. life is miserable enough as is, add homelessness and it is pure hell. i have wanted to die for a while now but have never been willing to go all the way until just yesterday. my mental health is honestly way too terrible to be homeless. i do not know what to do. i am out of options. life is too much of a struggle already for this. as soon as i am physically out of the house, i am going to pick up a few fentanyl pills, go out into the woods and take them while already on a ton of benzos. it will be just like going to sleep. peaceful. parents kicking me out, i am done
15 years old, throwaway account. it is really unfortunate that reddit of all places is the last place that i go to, but i feel very locked in my life ever since october 2020, i have been feeling awful. my brain cannot pick a mood, it is either permanently empty, with bursts of me being infuriated and miserable, and in turn, self harming, i have severe attachment issues, i go back to people who have hurt me terribly under the thoughts they will be better, but they never are. i do not get it, i do not think i ever will, or hope to, my country has a huge stigma towards mental illnesses, and its not like i have the resources to get any answers to this, so the diagnosis is up in the air i guess.i self harm regularly since october, it first started with biting my lip, now i have gone to burning myself, underage drinking, food poisoning, cutting, scratching, biting, punching, it does not matter, the scars will not heal anyways and they just make me feel worse.i am ugly, i wish i could just remove my face.i feel as if i cannot be happy no matter what, not allowed to be.i have tried to kill myself 3 times now since october, bailing out last moment each and every time like a damn coward, first it was me trying to jump infront of moving cars, failed cuz i got picked up by my dad in time.second was me trying to drive my bike into an eight wheeler truck, failed because i got scared of the possible pain and bailed out last second like a fucking troglodyte, fallinig right next to the truck, i just picked up my bike in shame and walked off.third, drank alcohol and hoped to mix it with drugs, ended up just falling asleep right before i was about to take the drugs.people always say it will get better you are young you have so much to live for but where??? i cry every day barely able to get out of bed, harming myself every day, it is not fun.i just hope one day my impulsive decisions to kill myself will lead to the world being better.thank you for listening to a childs rant. i wish i could just end it all
i am not an influencer or famous person or anything. i had over 6k followers on twitter that i worked to get over a period of about 3 years. over quarantine especially i started using twitter for hours upon hours a day constantly interacting with people and getting hundreds of likes on my tweets. i had so many people who genuinely cared about me and loved me and i cared about them. i got to share all of my interests with people who liked the same things and we always laughed together and while there were toxic aspects it made me feel less lonely since i could not see anyone in real life. then about 2 weeks ago i got cancelled. its a long story but basically someone who i was mutuals with got mad at me after i unfollowed them because i found out they were making fun of me behind my back, then claimed they knew me irl they did not and made all this horrible stuff up about me. i literally felt like i was in the twilight zone watching everyone believe them with no proof. all of my mutuals and close friends turned on me, insulted me and told other people to unfollow me. i could not prove they were lying so i just deactivated and now i am so depressed. it might seem so silly to be depressed over but i lost this community i had built and all these people i loved that kept me sane during the day and were always there to listen to me. i have not been able to find a job and i am not in school so i feel completely abandoned. its like i lost everything that made my current life meaningful and less boring. i do not know how i am going to go on now that i do not have this platform or these people to interact with. there is no point in ever going back because there will always be people who will harass me or report me or remind everything of what happened. i know i could start over but it will never be the same and i miss it so much i do not even feel like there is anything to live for anymore. i know its embarrassing and pretty pathetic but it was my escape. i got cancelled and now i feel so alone
i am fucking convinced the universe placed me here to be a loser extra in a high school movie. i grew a jehovahs witness and its horrible. i am not allowed to have friends from school or just befriend anyone who is not another jehovahs witness, as a result i am awkward as fuck and have very bad social skills, i only have had two friends. one of them i talked to more, he constantly made fun of me for not having friends and a girlfriend, he called me retarded and made me feel bad because he thought the way i was just walking looked weird. i was constantly getting called autistic etc. this contributed significantly towards my anxiety of social interaction, i can barely have a casual conversation without freaking out in my head and worrying that i look stupid. it got to a point where i was so anxious during the school year i did not say my name when the teacher was taking attendance because my anxiety was making fear i was going to look stupid, even though i just had to say one fucking word. after my freshman year ended this june. my other friend just ghosted me gradually, i essentially have no one except my internet friends. but there is more, i have become more and more distant to my remaining internet friends after i was banned from a server because the owner did not like my personality. i essentially have no one now, its just me. the only thing that is my escape is music, i feel slightly a bit more okay while i am listening to my favorite songs. i want to leave the religion i am stuck in my but i would be heavily shamed guilt tripped for doing so by my mom. i would feel really bad, i know religion is her only way to cope with life and the only reason why she lives. she would be devastated if she found out i was leaving, so its either my happiness or my moms, i guess i have chosen my moms because i do not want to take everything that would come at me for leaving. i am not excited to begin sophomore year in august, i hope i kill myself before it begins. i cannot fucking take it anymore
let me begin by saying i am not an anti vaxxer, anti masker or covid denier. i am simply too tired of this pandemic, that is all. i hate online class, feels like i do not learn anything, and going to college while balancing a full time job sucks so much. i am tired all the time and i cannot even go out to clear my head.i feel like i will have to redo the first two years of college to be able to learn properly, because online class sucks so much. i miss going to parks and museums, going to the cinema and just being out and about without having to worry about masks, hand sanitizer, etc. i wan't to experience life again, but now i cannot even eat an icecream cone outside, because i might catch the virus. sometimes i think that covid deniers are happier that the rest of us, because they still live their life as if nothing is happening. sometimes i wish i was as ignorant as they are, so i could still be somewhat happy. the two reasons i do not ditch safety protocols is because i do not live alone, and because it would make my feel really bad for putting others at risk, but goddamn it would be nice to experience normal life once again. i will not be getting the vaccine anytime soon, not because i do not want to, but because there are not enough vaccines in my country we are having a shortage since the beggining of the vaccination here. thx brazil for being a complete dumpsterfire . anyway, i feel like i will not live to see the end of this pandemic, because i just want to fucking die alredy. i hate waking up everyday just to experience the same day over and over and over again. things will not improve here, and i am ready to just fucking end it because i am so exausted. i have had depression for a total of 7 years now, and i feel like my time has come, because life is not worth living anymore if i cannot even enjoy small pleasures such as drinking a soda while outside. there is no meaning left for me, and the only thing keeping me alive is the fear of what comes after death. i am exausted
let me begin by saying i am not an anti vaxxer, anti masker or covid denier. i am simply too tired of this pandemic, that is all. i hate online class, feels like i do not learn anything, and going to college while balancing a full time job sucks so much. i am tired all the time and i cannot even go out to clear my head.i feel like i will have to redo the first two years of college to be able to learn properly, because online class sucks so much. i miss going to parks and museums, going to the cinema and just being out and about without having to worry about masks, hand sanitizer, etc. i wan't to experience life again, but now i cannot even eat an icecream cone outside, because i might catch the virus. sometimes i think that covid deniers are happier that the rest of us, because they still live their life as if nothing is happening. sometimes i wish i was as ignorant as they are, so i could still be somewhat happy. the two reasons i do not ditch safety protocols is because i do not live alone, and because it would make my feel really bad for putting others at risk, but goddamn it would be nice to experience normal life once again. i will not be getting the vaccine anytime soon, not because i do not want to, but because there are not enough vaccines in my country we are having a shortage since the beggining of the vaccination here. thx brazil for being a complete dumpsterfire . anyway, i feel like i will not live to see the end of this pandemic, because i just want to fucking die alredy. i hate waking up everyday just to experience the same day over and over and over again. things will not improve here, and i am ready to just fucking end it because i am so exausted. i have had depression for a total of 7 years now, and i feel like my time has come, because life is not worth living anymore if i cannot even enjoy small pleasures such as drinking a soda while outside. there is no meaning left for me, and the only thing keeping me alive is the fear of what comes after death. i am exausted
i have dealt with suicidal thoughts since i was a child thanks to abuse i received. when i was 16 i tried to overdose but got scared and begged my parents to take me to the hospital to get help. but all they did was make me throw up and take me to a christian counseler a week later. started cutting to deal with the emotional pain, only thing that helped. i had a feeling when i grew up i would turn to drugs and alcohol to deal with these thoughts. and that is exactly what i did. i thought i would become a heroin abuser but mostly it is alcohol. when i was 18 i went manic and ran away because i was sick of being controlled by my parents. when i was found a week later my parents were more pissed than anything. after getting commited against my will i had to do outpatient therapy. my parents were awful to me, calling me a narcissist for daring to smoke a little weed to take the edge of the stress. my dad at one point physically dragged me out of bed one time to go to therapy. i had to move away, but as usual i always spiral and had to come back. lately i see them for what they are. sad sacks of shit. if i dare open up to them they tell my siblings they told my brother about my child abuse and drinking without my consent. they need therapy but refuse to go because they think they are in the right. i just want to run away again just take a bus somewhere and just go home with someone from the bar every night. i do not even care if it is with a dangerous man he would be doing be a favor. or sleep in the streets idc anymore.but that is not possible. they took all my money as well. i am being held captive emotionally and financially. so i am cutting again and i am going to take all my meds, even if it does not kill me right away i will probably still have organ failure have physical issues i almost died a few months back from septic shock . this seems the best way, i am so sick of this so fucking much. i wish they would die so i would not have to. my parents are going to put me in my grave.
please i am kind of manic right now but like someone please validate me or give me the hard truth. i have been living with my mom and watching over my little brother for the past 2 years, rent free and trying to get on meds, back to school, and get a job. the meds part worked out but my mom will not stop bringing home terrible boyfriend's to our house that get in the way of everything else. in fact one of the reasons i dropped out was one of her boyfriend's. every day i clean and i cook and i take care of a toddler and no one appreciates what i do. the next day everything is a mess again and i get no help. it is repetitive and it eats me up from the inside out. i have no privacy because i am always bombarded with responsibility to watch a child even when the mother is available, i have basically become his mother and have raised him and potty trained him because his mother is too lazy to do it herself and instead she gets stoned with her boyfriend. i ask for money to do basic things like laundry and it always ends up being someone else's laundry money, have not had clean clothes in months. at first she spoiled me and buttered me up telling me to be comfortable and that it is my house too but now she treats me like a squatter even though i am responsible for the house being bearable to be in and not a fucking pigsty. i literally put my life on hold to helpher and now she kicks me out and calls me ungrateful for being upset and asking why i am sad . i am clinically depressed and have gone undiagnosed with adhd for the past 19 years of my life madam!!!!! i have no friends or outside contact and every day is the same monotony and disregard for my efforts. i am not fucking asking for much. have literally gone crazy being financially codependent on her. just like my first step father did to her. the cycle is fucking repeating. i do not know what to do except kill myself or continue living this miserable existence. i do not know what to do anymore i think it is over give me your opinion
24m here, long story but ill try to summarize. these thoughts have only come recently. mom passed away three years ago, brother has serious drug addiction of about five years and it took a serious toll on our mom and now only our dad because he lives in the same area as him and has been trying to help him the entire time with rehab and finances etc.i have not seen my dad or brother or any family for almost a year now. my brother hurts me emotionally any time we try and reconnect and it sucks but i do not blame him because i cannot imagine how hard overcoming an addiction would be.in this case, i just got a new job at a neurofeedback clinic for sports psychology, long story. its finally an office job i have wanted for a long time using my bachelor of psychology degree, but just one week and realizing i am uninterested and unmotivated. i do not want to take clients without giving my all. this job can help beef up my resume for next year but its so hard for me to read so much about something that is not my passion. i do not like where i live either and have been trying to move for about 3 years but could not because i did not get accepted to grad school this year. i am blessed to have a loving girlfriend who pushes me so hard to be the best i can be but sometimes a little too hard to the point where i am not happy. like yelling at me in arguments and getting really mean sometimes, forcing me to work full time to save up when i have an alright amount saved already i am really resourceful . i understand my position is much better than many people out there and i am sorry for being ungrateful. the only reason i have not ended is because i know it would hurt those around me too much and it would be selfish. please let me know what i should do, thank you.tldr have not seen family in a year, girlfriend is really mean sometimes but wants the best for me, no interest in a career path, the idea of working a 9 5 job full time for a year with low pay is extremely stressful to me lost and alone
i really do not want to because its honestly very depressing for me to think that at the young age of 23, i am already considering throwing away my one and only life. i wish i believed in some form of reincarnation but i honestly do not. i think that if it were possible to somehow trade my life away for another and start all over again, i would do it without hesitation. but nobody is capable of figuring out what truly lies beyond death and still be around to tell about it. is it just an empty void or is it eternal torture what is waiting for me? i am scared to find out. i honestly do not think ill miss anyone or anything that exists in this world. i am having trouble finding new interests to keep me entertained and i am losing the very few that i do. i love my parents, i would be devastated when the time comes when they are no longer around. i honestly do not think i could say the same about any of my siblings, any secondary family members, or anyone else in general. i have become estranged with just about everyone. most of them just see me as a lazy bum who does not care to improve himself, and maybe they are right. but i am also not right in the head, so can you really blame me for the way that i feel? i feel alone.i have ideas on how i could get better but i am just too lazy to do anything about it. i think most of this laziness comes from how mentally strenuous some of my ideas are and whether or not it will even be worth it in the end. id hate to give myself a bigger headache than what i already have right now, all for nothing.at this point, i find myself romanticizing the act of suicide more and more. to finally take charge of your own life and do the inevitable. i kind of hope that my life will get progressively worse just so that making the decision to commit suicide will be a lot easier. or at least motivate me enough to finally take action into improving myself out of desperation. i am at the beginning stages of considering suicide and its making me very uncomfortable.
in the animal kingdom, animals are vital, healthy, fit, and i am going to this creates the neurochemistry of happiness.there is the beauty of life, the happiness, the joy, and also there is the brutal aspect of it.i think that the brutal aspect is completely interrelated an interdependable with the bright side of life.the fact that animals are left to forage their food by their own makes them move their body, they evolved for it, they do sports without intending to do so, its just their movement. we designed a world in which we have to use our will to exercise, when its much easier if its part of our lives.also we expect things from others, these puts us in a very odd position, animals in nature do not expect anything from anyone, they cannot whine about life to someone so they solve their problems, therefore they do not feel victimized and all that shit.this brutality is what keeps the balance, and believe me, when the balance is off, suffering begins to creep in, in the beginning as simply something that bothers, and in the long run it can be unbearable pain.i think that just like animals die in nature, prematurely, humans should have some sort of filter. i think that we should not stigmatize death, we should see how it really is something that shapes the world and makes it better in a way. i think that we should not fear death like a prey running from it, nor chase life to the very end as if we were a proud lion chasing prestige, we should be the intelligent beings that we are and simply feel nothing, neither abhor death nor adore life, we should simply see death as an option, a viable option, like abortion but with extra steps and due process. we have to conceive a reality where parting from this life is a normal thing. i think many people would do it if it was not stigmatized, and much suffering be relieved. there are reasons to celebrate death and lament life, its not always the other way round. life can get very painful to the point that dying really could be an option.
i figure this could be common with a handful of people. i always have thoughts before i fall asleep. mostly dark and it gets to be very very hard for me to sleep. i take melatonin to make me sleep, but with it i have nightmares and all in all seem to not get a break. my sleep schedule has been extremely messed up but in my own sense its peaceful. i stay awake on my phone or computer till around 7 am let us say? and only then can i fall asleep on my own because my body is so exhausted. this ends up having me sleep till 5 pm at night so i end up not sleeping during the night and sleeping to much into the day. as much as this helped me sleep better i know it is not healthy and it really does not do well for my depression because to me it is, oh it is dark outside might as well stay in and waste my life away more. but if i put my phone down at a normal time my mind runs wild. and it is a very very scary place. this part is why i have came to this group to share. whenever i over think late at night or let my brain carry on with it is thoughts it seems as if all my consequences go out the window. like i am numb and nothing matters. there is been so many times all the reasons i am still here did not mean anything to me. and i tell myself just to do it, that the thought of holding a knife to my throat is overpowering my pets, my mom and my hope. if anyone has any advice to share to help me from thinking more positive or even not at all before sleep i am open to hear. i would like to tell more but i am afarid i have already typed out to much lol. thank you for reading lt 3 gt i hope what i have said is okay, this is my first time posting anything like this into a group of supporters so if what i have said bothered anyone please let me know. and i am not trying to tell anyone to take melatonin but only that it is my personal way to sleep. if the mention of drugs or medicine is not allowed please let me know as well and i will edit this better. i have dark thoughts before i fall asleep.
over the past 4 months, i lost all my friends, partner and more. i am 16 and a couple of months ago i was falsely accused of something i did not do, i do not want to disclose what it was at this time, you can draw your own conclusions but of course, there was police involvement because of this. so i got pulled out of school for this and got arrested with my phone taken off me as a part of the undertaking and i could not go to school for a couple of weeks. during this time through the school, rumours were spread of all the things i had allegedly done. of course, everyone had heard a different story basically making me a terrible person in all their eyes. because of this, my friend group left me like litter in the street so i have no friends anymore and nobody will talk to me. and since i had my phone taken off me my partner drifted from me and as they put it lost feelings that they had previously had for me although i held on for them the entire time. we met up like 3 weeks back and i cried the entire time lol. we met by the water and once she left i walked up to my knees in water getting ready to drown myself but only stopping once i saw people approaching, they probs do not know it but i think they saved my life. before this, i cut both my wrists open in the bath and let the water into my blood. i did not die as you can tell by me writing this but i lost a lot of blood and was bedridden for so long.i have nobody to talk to and nothing to do. i am getting sent to counselling on the 28th and if they will accept me ill have to attend 12 sessions. i do not think i will be able to go through with it this times been so tough i can see that everyone around me like my parents are saddened by my presence and i feel like a burden with them all always worrying about me. everyone around me has always said they are scared for my wellbeing but now more than ever.i wrote about my life as a coping mechanism if this was not long enough here is my lifes story here idk what to do with my life.
i figure this could be common with a handful of people. i always have thoughts before i fall asleep. mostly dark and it gets to be very very hard for me to sleep. i take melatonin to make me sleep, but with it i have nightmares and all in all seem to not get a break. my sleep schedule has been extremely messed up but in my own sense its peaceful. i stay awake on my phone or computer till around 7 am let us say? and only then can i fall asleep on my own because my body is so exhausted. this ends up having me sleep till 5 pm at night so i end up not sleeping during the night and sleeping to much into the day. as much as this helped me sleep better i know it is not healthy and it really does not do well for my depression because to me it is, oh it is dark outside might as well stay in and waste my life away more. but if i put my phone down at a normal time my mind runs wild. and it is a very very scary place. this part is why i have came to this group to share. whenever i over think late at night or let my brain carry on with it is thoughts it seems as if all my consequences go out the window. like i am numb and nothing matters. there is been so many times all the reasons i am still here did not mean anything to me. and i tell myself just to do it, that the thought of holding a knife to my throat is overpowering my pets, my mom and my hope. if anyone has any advice to share to help me from thinking more positive or even not at all before sleep i am open to hear. i would like to tell more but i am afarid i have already typed out to much lol. thank you for reading lt 3 gt i hope what i have said is okay, this is my first time posting anything like this into a group of supporters so if what i have said bothered anyone please let me know. and i am not trying to tell anyone to take melatonin but only that it is my personal way to sleep. if the mention of drugs or medicine is not allowed please let me know as well and i will edit this better. i have dark thoughts before i fall asleep.
i was kicked out of my house two months ago. maybe i left it. i do not know. i got into an argument with my mother and as i was trying to leave my stepfather grabbed me and started to hit me. so i fought back. and my older sister was on his side, she helped him. i was barely bruised but i left because i knew that it would be deadly next time. and i am pretty sure i had no choice, because my mother was yelling about how crazy i was as i left. i first tried to move in with my father. we had not talked in 5 years except for one weekend. but that weekend went well and he told me he loved me and i thought that i was still his child so i thought i could go to him. but he told me he is not an escape. so i ended up staying with my best friend. next year i graduate, but that is still a full year i have taking up her space. i cannot even get a job because i have no identification. i am going hungry some days because i do not want to ask for food because i know it is not my money and i am not their responsibility. her mother's boyfriend is an alcoholic. he gets drunk and he yells and gets violent and i am afraid that one day he is going to remember that i exist and he is going to remember that i am trans and he is going to remember that he is homophobic. i do not know what to do about college. i am very good at school so i should get into a good college but i do not know how to fill out the applications with no information about my parents. my school told me i do not have to worry about that for the fafsa, but they have not said anything about actual college. i just feel so alone. i want someone to talk to and someone who cares. there is nobody i can tell all of this to. my best friend knows, and she is wonderful. but she is not the kind of person to comfort others and that is all i want. it' would be so much simpler to die. i do not matter to anyone. i feel like i have lost any hope of becoming a successful person. i do not know what to do anymore. it would be easier to just die.
so, i might be in a very unique and different position than probably 100 of the world . please read it all and you will get it. so about 5 years ago i hit rock bottom. i went literally from being in cloud 9 to severe depression, crazy anxiety, low self esteem just like an on and off switch i ditched my career as a musician because of insecurities. somehow i was able to accomplish alot in these 5 years. worked hard to find ways to always stay close to music and got multiple jobs within the executive side of the music industry, but of course, always self conscious because i was not following my passion as a musician producer. i had a terrible experience in all those jobs, specially because i got fired from the last two. something very special happened during my last job. i met my current girlfriend love of my life and also a super. straight up a super star, she is a very respected successful artist. after i got fired from my last job, i had a feeling that little by little i was going to hit another depressive episode, which i did. i already overcame it but all the residues from the past 5 years are still there. unmotivated, tired, insecure, scared, uninspired. almost broke . etc. here is is something unique, because of the past 5 years my relationship, i have gotten the confidence and knowledge that i know that i can make it as a creative in the music industry facts but like i said, all the residues from the hardships of these past years are hardcore engrained in my soul. i am back at making music but its costing me a lot to be consistent staying motivated and focused. basically what i want is to train practice feel motivated content in order to prove myself that i got this and once again feel like i am in cloud 9. anyone with some knowledge? i want to work hard again but this time for myself and not someone that is paying my bills , i want to keep my ambitions alive and conquer everything i have always wanted to , but this time accompanied by my girl . please help. help
i do not know what to do. this place i live in is a shithole. it is noisy. it is too warm. dumbasses i live with will not do any of the following install ac clean up their own mess will not repair the freezer draws, which all have that crappy flimsy broken front with a handle do not get another fridge freezer which we really need for a house of five. or just a big fridge and a big freezer . people will not get out of my way despite knowing i have social anxiety and i do not want to be seen by anyone. live with an arrogant sexist asshole who is responsible for not cleaning up their own mess, 95 of the time. because most people are upstairs, the bathroom is quite frequently in use. sometimes people take longer than they should. 5 minutes at most for a dump. 10 15 minutes for a bath or shower. those are the most time they should take. but they take twice as long. nothing to do with age. it is just incompetence or not knowing when to give up like i do when i lay logs and cannot amp x200b i was cutting veg earlier, to have for lunch. i strongly considered ending it there and then. it is so despair enducing being around these people and in this shitty house. i just want a small, bungalo house to myself, and probably someone else, has to be a vegan animal rights activist, and a friend with benefits at the same time, and honest. otherwise i would not be able to tolerate them. on top of that though, i have many issues. cutiephilia, anxiety, autism, learning difficulties, ptsd, overweight, sensory issues, inability to read, overthinking, invasive thoughts, masturbation addiction, caffeine sensitivity. there is probably a whole lot more. a lot of this has made me question the illusion of hope. so far, i am coming to embrace despair instead. there is no hope for an asshole like me. i try to do good, i try to help others. but that must always be outweighed by an equal bad. why not feed two birds with one scone and end my life? coming dangerously close to ending it because of stress
just for context, i had a rough childhood, most of which i cannot remember. of course there are a few stray memories here and there, but for the most part my brain refuses to allow me to remember my childhood. i do know that i endured a lot of emotional abuse, and that i was neglected. my parents are divorced, and each have remarried and had new kidsabout 5 and a half years ago, i began to understand better how the world works, and how to be in touch with my emotions. and since then there has always been this constant nagging for me to just, pull the plug on life. i do not feel love from either of my two families, my friends never check up on me, i am afraid i have too much emotional baggage for my boyfriend to handle. and i do not just mean oh no! my family does not give me enough attention , i mean i genuinely do not feel love for them or from them.i genuinely feel as though the world would not care about my death, and that i should end it, because if anything, people would be better off. my parents who hate each other would no longer be tied together by me, and they have their own new families that they would grow with, and forget about me. my friends hardly care about me anyways, so it would not make much of a difference there. and my boyfriend would not have to deal with my ever changing moods and insecurities. i have been shutting my emotions off for a long time just to get through each day, but just recently i have allowed myself to 'feel' again, and it is becoming too much for me to handle. i got comfortable when things we are good and now that they are not i do not know if i can handle it. there is too many things wrong, not enough love from the world, myself or the people around me, and nothing to look forward to. i do not have an active plan, but i have had a few different plans that i have come up with that would make it quick amp easy. i guess i just need to think about it some more and see where i end up. the world would be no different without me here
i was diagnosed at the age of 14, situational depression my family splitting up, new school, eldest sibling to a special needs brother, i got over that all. i am 28. diagnosed bpd, my anxiety through the roof, paranoia over whelming, barely leave my house, cannot stand small talk with friends anymore, sleeping schedule fucked, in constant pain, i am obese which brings on the pain, and parts of anxiety, and then the anxiety brings on even more pain, on anti anxiety meds that do not work, wether because i am fighting them, or too over stimulated. i do not know how many times i have written lists to try and get my shit together and fail which brings on the depression, i have done nothing significant, i cannot leave this place because i do not have a job, not for lack of trying but it is a shit place to live, do not have a license due to anxiety even if i had a car i could not keep one here with the smashing of property and break ins, so in other words i am legitimately a failure, garbage human being who quiet frankly people would forget in a year if i were to just end it all now. i have highs points, i have enjoyed parts of my life. the travel, the people, the meaningless items i have filled my house with, animals that have been apart of it. but they would be all gone in an instant, i am pretty sure the only person that remembers that stuff is me... but i am also a coward, gutless wonder but then again, what is a few seconds of pain compared to what my body is going through, what my mind is going through..the only solid thought that keeps me here... is i cannot put that on people. i could not leave my housemate in a place she could not get out of, i cannot leave my mum in tears because i stopped trying, i have been on the other end of it, too many times to see the damage of someone who leaves... even i still miss them after 6 years. but why do they get to walk away... and i am still here. kind of jealous of them if i am completely honest. i do not want to try anymore.
its been a long time since i have cried. its been even longer since i have truly had the urge to care about something. when i was in the 10th grade, i tried a percocet for the first time with a group of my friends. it was that moment that haunts my life to this day. i upgraded to straight fentanyl after a while, and it became apparent that i did not make enough to afford my addiction. after ruining about all of my relationships by either stealing or borrowing money from my closest family and friends, i went on to ask random strangers id see at the gas station or distant colleagues. my life was shit before the drug usage. parents divorced, dad a drug addict, mom a whore, and me a bipolar, anxious, scared person there was not an absolute reason i should not be using in my mind. after a couple of years of failed attempts of being off and on sober, i decided i was going to end it all. however, that did not work. my tolerance was to a point that made it very difficult to od on. on my final attempt, however, i bought 30 pills. stimulus check helped me there. i drove to a spot that was public so my body would be found, and i snorted 15 of those pills. after woken by police, it was obvious that did not work the way i wanted it to. court ordered to rehab, i went through the entire 3 month program flawlessly. using my previous knowledge of rehabilitations spit outs, and a some what will to make myself better, i came out feeling sad. i knew id miss my peers and even some of the counselors. that brings us to a year later. i have stayed clean, however i have had constant suicidal thoughts and plans circling my mind for months. i do not know if i should or not, but i just want this dark comedy of a life to end. my friends do not talk to me. i miss both my ex girlfriends. i am trying to move on but everything has came with more obstacles than promised. if i do it soon, i hope it will all be worth it in the end. my concern is i am wrong about no afterlife. i do not know, maybe
i have been on new medication for the past 2 months and i thought it was genuinely helping my mentally state. i did not seem to be weighed down by a lead anchor of despair and sadness. the woes of the world did not seem to demotivate me like they used to, to an almost debilitating degree. i even landed a job interview at a place that would have been pretty stable income. i felt a genuine sense of progression and growth. today, everything came back and hit me like a freight train. i did not land that job, as soon as that news entered my headspace, it seems like all effect of the meds dissipated. that shit must have been a fucking placebo because now i feel just like i used to 2 months ago. i am so scared for the future. i fear there is only greater deals of pain and suffering to come for humanity, we clearly do not care enough about each other, and those in power actively despise the rest of us. they would gladly watch us slowly rot to death than let us have anything more than mere breadcrumbs. i have no hope that things will ever change for the better. i am so lonely, i just want to love and be loved. i just want somebody to care and to care for, to hug, and to cuddle with and look up at the night sky, or watch the sunset and feel at least a temporary sense of peace, love, and safety in this traumatizing world. i do not know how much longer i can keep getting up out of bed everyday when i cannot stand existing. sleep is the highlight of my life at this point. i wish i could stay asleep forever. and maybe wake up in a perpetual dream world of being in bed with my soul mate, laying there watching the sunset on our own little private hideaway.i am not sure what venting here will do, venting has not really helped much in the past. i guess this the only place someone who i do not have to pay 80 a session might listen and give a fuck for a single moment. i do not know. i am so close to being done. this shit is unbelievably exhausting. i thought i was getting better.
i grew up wishing i would been aborted instead of adopted. my adopted mother beat me, sometimes so badly i could not walk. i would pray at night for god to make me never exist but those thoughts and prayers would just get me beaten again. it took me awhile to realize that monster would wait at the door and listen in and then come back in and beat me again because i wanted to not exist.so i stopped saying that audibly but i never stopped thinking it.i met my birth mother about 20 years ago. i met my birth father only about 2 years ago because i was lied to initially about who he was. i get why she lied, she was raped and did not want the family to know if was a friend. she should have aborted me.i thought somewhere along the line of doing life's usual things that i would find it has meaning. so i got married, had kids, got dogs, etc.what i have found is that the desire to have never existed never goes away. life does not ever seem to have more or less meaning. i never feel more or less. not even beating cancer when i was 19 did it.to be honest, about the only thing that i ever really cared about was my wife and family. she told me about 8 years ago she does not love me anymore. i have lost my mom, dad, brother, i have no one left and i cannot get over this anger at my kids that my wife and i had a great relationship before kids and then it ended. it had to be doomed, but it was great while it lasted. 8 years of living knowing your wife does not love you. i am still here for now because i choose to love her even though she does not love me.i stopped taking care of myself about 8 years ago. i am going through life doing the motions that a normal person might do but i am not normal . i should have never existed. in my dislike of living i fear that i am hurting those around me. not physically. i can just tell. i feel like everyone i know would be better off if i was gone. maybe they could find happiness if i was not stopping them. just never should have been here
i grew up wishing i would been aborted instead of adopted. my adopted mother beat me, sometimes so badly i could not walk. i would pray at night for god to make me never exist but those thoughts and prayers would just get me beaten again. it took me awhile to realize that monster would wait at the door and listen in and then come back in and beat me again because i wanted to not exist.so i stopped saying that audibly but i never stopped thinking it.i met my birth mother about 20 years ago. i met my birth father only about 2 years ago because i was lied to initially about who he was. i get why she lied, she was raped and did not want the family to know if was a friend. she should have aborted me.i thought somewhere along the line of doing life's usual things that i would find it has meaning. so i got married, had kids, got dogs, etc.what i have found is that the desire to have never existed never goes away. life does not ever seem to have more or less meaning. i never feel more or less. not even beating cancer when i was 19 did it.to be honest, about the only thing that i ever really cared about was my wife and family. she told me about 8 years ago she does not love me anymore. i have lost my mom, dad, brother, i have no one left and i cannot get over this anger at my kids that my wife and i had a great relationship before kids and then it ended. it had to be doomed, but it was great while it lasted. 8 years of living knowing your wife does not love you. i am still here for now because i choose to love her even though she does not love me.i stopped taking care of myself about 8 years ago. i am going through life doing the motions that a normal person might do but i am not normal. i should have never existed. in my dislike of living i fear that i am hurting those around me. not physically. i can just tell. i feel like everyone i know would be better off if i was gone. maybe they could find happiness if i was not stopping them. just never should have been here
this is such a trite, bullshit phrase used by anti suicide peoplethe help people need is often not available. the working world rules all and does not give allowances for mental health issues until they demand to be taken seriously usually by some act of irreversible damage..in theory i should have support. i see an occupational therapist suspected to have asd adhd and a counsellor. they can try and work through my issues but they cannot do anything to help with the unrelenting stress of my job. and i cannot afford to quit. useless. i cannot explain any of my issues to my boss. they have no power to change my job or provide help. its just not that type of organization. it would be humiliating to discuss this with them too. stress leave does not really exist. would have to see a doctor for that. they all say they do not know me well enough to recommend leave. and it would not help me unless it means a change of job. its useless to talk to my family. they cannot do anything practical. my dad continually downplays my illness or compared to his own or just thinks i get a little depressed. tells me i should never feel i cannot take a vacation. a totally stupid thing to say. talking to them usually just makes me angry. help lines are totally useless. never a practical suggestion. i just want to end it to prove a point to my father who does not take me seriously my therapist and ot and pysch and everyone else so they know it was serious. i was not faking. i really needed help. big middle finger to my employer. they like to think they are progressive and care about employees mental health. i could seriously embarrass them. let everyone else know how little they meant to me end this charade of working hard to support a life no longer worth living. there is nothing worth the bullshit i put up with. obviously i want help but it clearly does not exist! and do not bother reporting concern to reddit what good does that do. ? ask for help yeah right from who or what ?
i have multiple issues with live, i do not want to live anymore but i also do not want to kill myself, i just want it all to end.i have issues with my private life and some with the public. on the public site is the political landscape of my country fucked up, corrupt politician they got millions for helping chinese companies sell corona masks and one that lost half a billion ? german numbers work different of taxpayer money get reelected whilst one that could make it better is harshly criticized for declaring 30.000 to late.the world is on the bring of a climate catastrophe and nobody with power at least seems to care.there is a genocidal dictatorship with millions in camps and nobody bats an eye, because their forced labor helps one if not the most important companies of my country.our military is in ruinsour schools are in ruinsour healthcare system exploits it workers so much, we have to import new ones.the younger generations are generally just ignored.pore people are traped in social welfare, because they would have less if they would work full time on the minimum wage.the extreme right is on the rise.populism is on the rise.the politician in charge care more about the 20.000 coal workers whilst reducing the workforce in solar by 80.000 maybe because the ruling party gets money from the coal lobby, but who knows .and much moremy personal problems include being beaten by my parents and bullied in school as a child, having problems with my studies and my gf left me.i do not have much joy in anything besides videogames anymore, i used to love cooking but now my buddy seems to dislike eating. i cannot get sleep at night, because my brain keeps on feeding me negative thoughts.i do not feel like i have a place in this world, nor do i want to experience the rest of it.i know some people have it worse then me, but that thought does not help me. i then just think i could understand if they would not want to live anymore too. i do not want to live anymore
hello everyone lol!currently sitting outside in the pouring rain in horrible pain hoping my pain relief kicks in yay! i honestly do not even know where to start anymore,like the title says my life just gets worse.i constantly wonder what would have happened if i completed high school yes i know i am working on my ged. anyways,i hate myself for not standing up for myself in school and not doing more with my life i am not ugly or obese so that is cool i guess.i definitely got worse mentally being that now i have chronic pain that at times is completely debilitating and other times i feel like a normal person which is a total mindfuck.i do not think i am stupid but i feel like i have nothing and am nothing but a body full of pain and misery.i am poor i am glad i am not homeless of course. i also share a room with my mom and do not even have a door to my bedroom door broke off awhile ago and sharing a room sucks obviously lol. i am also a virgin and cannot even fucking drive,have a permit or license i even confronted my dad today about it and said i have to be mature to drive yet my dad is a drug addict who does nothing and can do whatever he wants...i can keep going but i guess i will stop there..anyway in the shit show called my life my dreams of cosmetology school are crushed being that i need to survive especially with this pain,and need 24 7 bathroom access.it is not like i do not try either tried therapy did not work at all typical 'it will get better' bullshit,and bringing up my chronic pain was a fucking joke too. i do have hobbies i enjoy like drawing,painting,makeup,photography,poetry,and scrapbooking even though i feel like i suck at all of that.it is such a joke now even the fucking chronic pain groups ignore me..also please do not tell me about therapy,dieting,meditation,or fucking celery juice bullshit..anyways i just hope i can find someone who can relate to me or possibly even make me feel less of a piece of shit.. my life just gets worse
i did not realize it, what kept me grounded for so long and able to operate efficiently.ends up being my lil bro. we are 4 years apart, different in everyday, polarizing. i love this kid with all my heart and i want him to do well for himself. so why is it that when he tells me he is going to move across the country, my will to live dissipates? i am not here to tell you my life story, as its not important. there are many of us who deal with this plaque in our minds, and i cannot help but wonder if this is some cruel way of self defense. i feel way too strongly on all fronts, i am incapable of of emotions that are small, its 0 or 10000 at all times. into adulthood i have told myself i have made progress, with my behavior. my main coping mechanism with life is to learn about it, i decided at some point in my earlier youth that this is how i am going to solve my internal issues, with knowledge. turns out knowledge is power but what was failed to mention is that not everyone can handle that power. i can now explain why on a chemical and biological level, i feel the way i do, and it only makes things worse nowadays. i have tried to take on a hedonistic mindset to circumvent the already dark thoughts with the peace that well its all essentially pointless.. but i am not a hedonist, and as much as i say i do not care i really do care at the umpteenth power. its fucking hard. especially when you have no one to go to. when you do not feel comfortable enough to speak about your thoughts because the people who are supposedly there for you, cannot be bothered and its not their fault. we have all these words and concepts to wrap things up in a neat little bow and capartamentalize things until they are in boxes so small we act like we forget they are there. its sickening and i feel like i am going to vomit, but i am not a puker so i know i will not. i am sitting here in a stew of my own self loathing and i do not want to be here anymore. cannot say i did not try.
i have not took my meds in nearly a week and i feel terrible.i am getting brain zaps and jumps in my body, i am fatigued and sleepy 24 7 although that parts not from medication.i have been dreading going to sleep the past few days in fear of having dreams because its a second reality i have to life and i get no real rest, the dreams are strange and odd and the feelings they leave me when i wake up are unexplainable it makes me feel low and out of touch with life, i have begun to hate dreams.i just want to not have dreams anymore i just want a blip through non existing for a few hours at least.my patterns are the same, its been the same for nearly 3 years now wake, eat, and be trapped in my room and sleep repeat. i have not had any memories the past few years, days are nothing, years are nothing anymore not that time makes sense .i am looking to move abroad and chase a dream that is not really plausible or motivating anymore but its all i got left so its my last hope to this life, if it does not work out then at least i tried but it will be my end.i am waking up sad and miserable, lonely and tired and life is seeming more meaningless every minute, the only real thing keeping me going is my family and music.i am still a virgin not that i am bothered, its normal for my age. i have never been in love or had feelings for anyone but than one woman who meant the world to me, its been 2 years and she is still on my mind all the time, fantasising about her but we cannot be together and i am starting not to care just like my attitude to life.i am still strong in faith with god, but its hard t keep going because why did he let me live when i was born why did he let the doctors save me having a collapsed lung and being 3 months premature? why god you knew what my life would be like and how life is getting to me, is all this a joke to you. i still love you though, i just hope you will forgive me if i ever you know.. just need to talk and get it out my system.
i am probably going to be dead in a few hours so here goes. dear anyone who even bothers to read this. i break everything i touch. i broke my family. i broke my friends. i broke my friends' families. i broke my own life. i break everyone around me. everything is a problem when i am involved. do i ever make things better? i do not even know why i exist. i technically was not supposed to be born. do i exist to make life worse? do i exist to just be a punching bag for whoever wants to hurt someone? am i just a scapegoat for every bad thing? every day is just a new problem in my life. i am sick of pretending i am getting better, when i am not. no amount of exercise or meditation or whatever will fix me. i am a mistake that should be punished. i have done many unspeakable things in my very short life. i get what i deserve i guess. i really hope people will not pity me for my sob story. i am so truly evil, the sight of myself disgusts me. i know that people will miss me when i am gone at first. i know how much it will hurt. but really, why spend time crying about me when i am 6 foot under? people will get over it. i do not see anyone crying now because my granddad died, because he died 12 years ago. i assume in 12 years time, people will forget. when i am gone, please look after my mum and grandma. tell them it was not their fault. knowing them, they will blame themselves. tell them that i am ok now, and i am not in pain any more. tell them i love them. i have hurt so many people in the past, and for that i am truly sorry. every single person, from strangers to my worst enemies. i feel as though i need to make amends before i die. and to everyone who did not know me until now. i am sorry you had to meet me that way. i am sorry for everything. please get better for me. please live a life that i would have wanted you to live. make me proud. i will watch over you. remember me. remember my name. remember my story.love, jade aster my final goodbye hopefully
hello i am just writing this on a whim so excuse my grammar and stuff started the year real rough with school stress, family problems, financial problems, mental health problems, abusive family shit, the list goes on. i started going to therapy last month or so and i was progressing well. i was diagnosed with dysthymia and i was going into a more stable and functional state. i started to do my schoolwork again and i was managing my stress and intrusive thoughts better. i was proud that i was recovering and i was so excited to getting my life back together. but i guess i spoke too soon and i ended up relapsing this week. i do not know what triggered it, but i feel like it happened because i had a lot of slip ups this week like messing up while doing chores, upsetting a friend, etc. i ended up planning out three suicide plans and writing a tear and snot soaked suicide note pretty gross i know . i am pretty angry at myself right now, because i feel like i wasted the efforts of my therapist, my friends who helped me a lot with dealing with my bad stuff and i feel like i wasted my own effort. what is worse is that being angry at myself just fuels my desire to kill myself even more. i do not have the guts to tell my friends about what i am feeling or thinking cos they are going through their own problems right now and i feel ashamed to even tell them because i am an awful friend cos i suck at being there for them emotionally i am still learning how to be empathetic and how to comfort others, nobody really taught me as a kid so i am still developing on that aspect . my family does not acknowledge i exist anymore, and i am falling behind my school work. i just want to end things, because i just do not have a desire to live anymore. i feel like i am a burden to others, i have been pretty much abandoned by my family, i just do not see the point of living anymore. if you have reached this far, thanks for reading my rant. i feel like i wasted my progress
i am a trans woman who suffers from bpd, adhd and severe anxiety. i feel like i just cannot go on. i have been suicidal since my teenage and i have attempted suicide twice. my last resort was starting hrt which made me significantly less miserable but since i am still ugly and my progress seems to have stopped after 2 years, i have no hope anymore. i do not think that i would be ever able to look at myself in the mirror and not want to throw up.i hate that i have adhd and bpd, these mental illnesses have ruined my life, not to mention the gender dysphoria which makes me cry every day. sometimes i do not look at the mirror for days just to keep my sanity.i just cannot accept that i will look like this for the rest of my life, i cannot accept that nobody knows me as a woman but rather a predatory straight man. just the other day my father said that i am transitioning to be able to have easier access to women and rape them. as a rape victim who was raped everyday at the age of 7 by my coach and later on by my classmates at high school, its so fucking unfair. i have internalized this fear and when around other women i just feel like i am occupying a space that is not for me and its wrong of me to be there. i am always afraid when i go out since i have been beaten up severely twice in the past and i am always sexually, physically and verbally harassed when i am out. i have lost almost all of my friends to transmisogyny and i am sure i will always be alone. the only people who want to date me are fetishizers who see me as an exotic creature between man and woman. i have never been able to find sb who does not see me like that.nothing will change and i will always be in pain. so the wisest thing is to end things but i do not have the courage. both times i attempted i chickened out. i am sure i will do the same again. but i cannot endure this hell anymore either. i feel suffocated there is no place in this world for girls like me and i just want out.
hello, i am 30 and i do not have a life nor prospects for a career. i was depressed due to abusive parents and the great recession. then i failed to find a job that would allow me to support myself after i graduated college at 21. i coasted for a year doing odd jobs and several vacations. soon afterwards i became severely depressed and went catatonic until recently. that is just the background. i was a top 20 student coming out of high school despite already being depressed. although due to self harm as a teenager i have a bad back and knees so cannot do anything where i need to stand or work with my hands. as my mental health continued to decline i had to switch to a humanities major and graduated with a 3.6 gpa. those circumstances combined with mental health issues leads to where i am at today. i actually spent the pandemic trying to go back to school studying computer science, but i am unable to retain any information. i ended up with a 3.2 gpa and i was only taking 2 courses per semester at a relatively easy school.i was and am an attractive person so i had no trouble getting laid while on vacation several years back. my appearance is not the issue, i look almost the same, i have severe mental health issues that prevent me from having log term relationships with anyone let alone a romantic partner. i am not an incel per say, but not having a social life has had a huge impact on my mental health. i strongly suggest to most depressed high school students whose main source of depression is parental social to do whatever it takes to move out after high school. at this point i am extremely insecure, have no self esteem nor self confidence, i am broke and have no friends. i am being evicted me and so after failing to secure gainful employment this summer have decide the objective choice is suicide. i know i am a complete failure, but i do not believe in myself so i have opened the floor to your input. 30 with no life experience or prospects.
do i have a symptom am i crazy?okay so i 14f have a sister 16f . and were pretty close like really really close. our mother passed away when we was younger she was murder . 7 and 5 years old. so its really just us to against the world. my sister is really quiet and does not talk to no one. while i on the other hand is completely the opposite. but ig after my mother passing and other shit happening. i have this feeling to protect my sister from everyone and everything. like i never been away from her for more then 3 days. and if she does not go then i will not go and vis versa sorry for bad spelling but yea i am usually the one to do everything which i have no problem with and i always keep track of my sister to protect her from anything and anyone because i do not want to lose her. our dad is not in our life but whenever my sister goes to work we share locations so i check it every 5 minutes. because every negative possibility fills my head that something is happening to her like she is getting murdered or something. she understands how i feel when it comes to her for the most part. but then a lot of times at night i go into her room and just cry because i cannot stop myself from thinking someone is going to kill her while she is sleep and take her from me. and i just watch by the door with something sharp. waiting for someone to try to take her from me. and she is knows and she tells me nothing is going to happen but i cannot help it. like she is mine my sister i cannot let anything happen to her. i have no memory of our mom. but all i know is once i saw her in the casket. i vowed to let nothing happen to my sister. but i think there something wrong with me because sometimes when i am by myself i just talk out of nowhere forming a plan to kill anyone that try to hurts my sister. and it feels like someone is talking back to me . but i do not even care i just want to keep my sister safe. so is there something wrong with me? please help me.
i am 15 years old, very lonely and lost.i have never had an actual friendship, my family does not really like me, i utterly hate my body and now i am expected to choose what i want to do for the rest of my life.in kindergarten, i already did not have many friends. i had one best friend.it is always been like this. when i was 7, i had no friend and i felt like my parents did not love me, so i planned on running away. but my mom found the letter i had prepared for them and just told me it was bad to do that. i recall being disappointed that she did not care more. when i was 10, i had enough of not having any friend. so i tried to change. i had decided to repress my queerness transidentity . i thought it would make me normal and this way i could finally fit in.it did not work i was too much of a tomboy in their eyes.when i was 12, i made radical changes. i was about to enter middle school, i decided to be exactly like the others. i hated the person i became.at 14, i changed school. i do not really have friends, just people i hang out with. i started feeling a bit more comfortable with myself, and i discovered i was actually trans again, with all the cool stuff that goes with it. like gender dysphoria, coming out or even considering to repress it again so i would finally feel more comfortable in my body.ppl keep telling me i am a pretty girl, but i am going to make an ugly man.i know it is dumb. my existence is pathetic.i do not have any future, and if i keep living i know i am just going to be depressed. if i kill myself, i could make my kin sad i at least hope they would be and i would not have to worry about the future anymore.my life was pretty easy though. my parents are still together, i am doing great in school, i have never had a traumatic experience. i am just to sensitive. i am too weak for this world. and who would be sad if i die ?i kind of feel bad for wasting a stranger's time. but thanks for reading lt 3 i am too weak i guess
i am 15 years old, very lonely and lost.i have never had an actual friendship, my family does not really like me, i utterly hate my body and now i am expected to choose what i want to do for the rest of my life.in kindergarten, i already did not have many friends. i had one best friend.it is always been like this. when i was 7, i had no friend and i felt like my parents did not love me, so i planned on running away. but my mom found the letter i had prepared for them and just told me it was bad to do that. i recall being disappointed that she did not care more. when i was 10, i had enough of not having any friend. so i tried to change. i had decided to repress my queerness transidentity . i thought it would make me normal and this way i could finally fit in.it did not work i was too much of a tomboy in their eyes.when i was 12, i made radical changes. i was about to enter middle school, i decided to be exactly like the others. i hated the person i became.at 14, i changed school. i do not really have friends, just people i hang out with. i started feeling a bit more comfortable with myself, and i discovered i was actually trans again, with all the cool stuff that goes with it. like gender dysphoria, coming out or even considering to repress it again so i would finally feel more comfortable in my body.ppl keep telling me i am a pretty girl, but i am going to make an ugly man.i know it is dumb. my existence is pathetic.i do not have any future, and if i keep living i know i am just going to be depressed. if i kill myself, i could make my kin sad i at least hope they would be and i would not have to worry about the future anymore.my life was pretty easy though. my parents are still together, i am doing great in school, i have never had a traumatic experience. i am just to sensitive. i am too weak for this world. and who would be sad if i die ?i kind of feel bad for wasting a stranger's time. but thanks for reading lt 3 i am too weak i guess
i just turn 18 and i have been a neet for like 5 years, i have like a lot of mental problems so that make me unable to start conversations, paying attention, i have anxiety crises and i have depression and because of that i just have like 2 friends that i barely talk to them and i cannot have a job because of that many problems.my parents do not understand when i say that i have all this problems they just think i am shy and a stupid, and always tries to make me have a job or start studying but i am unable to, i try my best but i cannot, and it really brings me down when i do my best, but my best is never enough.my brother was always the favorite from my family, he have everything he want has good grades and a lot of friends, people always compare me to him, i am likes his shadow, he had depression for a while, and my family did everything to help him, and that is really good.but when i said they did not do nothing, and my mom even said your problem is not that serious as your brother's problem, he really suffers, you are just complain because you just lock yourself in the bedroom and play videogames all day and do nothing, that is not depressed that is just laziness .i am see myself crying a lot lately, my life is like a looping hell, i cannot do nothing, nobody help's me when i ask for help, even my parents, the only reason i do not kill myself it is because i have a little hope, i now if anything good happen to me will be enough to me to keep me living.but i have been waiting for this moments of happiness for like years now, it is really hard to keep on, and i do not know when this little hope that i have will go away, and i am really scared when this happens, i try to say to myself that this suicide thought is not worthy and life is good and precious but as the time goes it looks more like a lie or just a fantasy. sorry for any bad english it is not my main language everyday is the same looping hell and i feel like a pile of shit.
sorry for bad english it the first time i write in english since the high school. . since the covid i lost my job as a waiter in a small restaurant because of the closure of this restaurant. i tried to find another job in the industry but a lot of restaurants close. so it is harder to find a job . i sent a lot of cv but i could not find a job. i have already been told by a boss that he just hires women for a family breakfast restaurant . with all the failures i decided to go back to school. school was difficult for me when i was younger i had a diagnosis of autism. they put me in an autism class where i learned nothing. even i was of the same level as normal people .so i just go away from the school system. now i want to go back in school because i want to work in the it field. so i started to take steps for my return to study. i was interested in a program that a friend of mine told me about that gave money to go back to school. i was very excited i said to myself wow he will give me money to go back to study. so i have to apply but the problem is that the program was no longer available. i was sad but later he had another program like that that trained people for computers. so i applied i made every meeting everything was fine. but finally the person in charge of the program explained to me that i was not aiming for the program because i was a white man.the program was just for women and minorities. so i did not let go and i tried to look for something else but i could not find anything. i feel like i am worth nothing in the society. so now i do not know what to do anymore. i just want to kill myself but i am scared of painful death. anyway i got nothing. i am sure if i kill myself nobody will care. i want to disappears maybe just going in the wood and just walk until i die to starve where nobody will find me. sorry for bad english it the first time i write in english since the high shcool. i no longer see the light and i am tired
sorry for bad english it the first time i write in english since the high school. . since the covid i lost my job as a waiter in a small restaurant because of the closure of this restaurant. i tried to find another job in the industry but a lot of restaurants close. so it is harder to find a job . i sent a lot of cv but i could not find a job. i have already been told by a boss that he just hires women for a family breakfast restaurant . with all the failures i decided to go back to school. school was difficult for me when i was younger i had a diagnosis of autism. they put me in an autism class where i learned nothing. even i was of the same level as normal people .so i just go away from the school system. now i want to go back in school because i want to work in the it field. so i started to take steps for my return to study. i was interested in a program that a friend of mine told me about that gave money to go back to school. i was very excited i said to myself wow he will give me money to go back to study. so i have to apply but the problem is that the program was no longer available. i was sad but later he had another program like that that trained people for computers. so i applied i made every meeting everything was fine. but finally the person in charge of the program explained to me that i was not aiming for the program because i was a white man.the program was just for women and minorities. so i did not let go and i tried to look for something else but i could not find anything. i feel like i am worth nothing in the society. so now i do not know what to do anymore. i just want to kill myself but i am scared of painful death. anyway i got nothing. i am sure if i kill myself nobody will care. i want to disappears maybe just going in the wood and just walk until i die to starve where nobody will find me. sorry for bad english it the first time i write in english since the high shcool. i no longer see the light and i am tired
i love my dad a lot. he is the only person i do not feel anxious or awkward around. unlike my other family members, he is also able to help me when i am going through an episode. the thing is that society shuns socially anxious and awkward people. people who cannot communicate well with others. at work the other day one of my coworkers fucked up and did some damage to a house we were working on. our boss asked everyone who did it, and the co worker just admitted to it in a joking and also rmpathetically sorry way. my boss just laughed it off. this is a coworker who has good social skills. i have done shit not as bad as what he did with regards to fucking up. if i did what he did, even though they were both accidents, by boss would get mad at me and shout. i have never seen him shout at my co workers. society shuns socially awkward people. social workers shun, psychologists and psychiatrists shun, strangers shun, family shuns, preists shun, friends shun, everyone shuns. they do not do it on purpose either. it is just instinct to not interact with someone who makes you feel awkward. but it really hurts nonetheless. i cannot have fun with people or communicate my feelings with people. i am in a hard university program and doing well but i feel like a complete idiot everyone i interact with people. the more socially savvy people can make passive jabs directed at me when they are not happy with my presence or the way i am acting. they blame shit on me all the time because i am an easy target. they do it because i cannot defend myself. physically i can probably beat up just about anyone, but that is a losing strategy. i just want my dad to find my body so at least one socially savvy person can understand the hurt we go through. even if that person is the person i love the most. it is fuckedup and i know it. i will never act on it because of my religion, but its what i would do if i was not my religion. i want my dad to find my dead body
married guy, 35, with bipolar 2, adhd, major depression, major anxiety, i suspect i might also have autism. i also have several chronic medical issues that have me in a level of pain between a 7 and 10 on the daily. and i have started losing control of my ability to function lately. i cannot muster the energy to clean myself much less the house. i hurt all the time physically and mentally. nothing brings me joy. i am on autopilot. i am constantly forgetting everything. my poor wife is basically my secretary making sure i take my meds, go to my doctor appointments, keep my own side business running, etc. it just feels like the time to end it is drawing ever closer. closeted new asexual and it has finally started to have an affect on my wife. my depression and anxiety just keeps dragging me further down the pit of despairso even if i wanted i could not perform. my anxiety and anger is getting to be too much. i can hardly concentrate at work and its starting to become a problem as well. i am seeing a therapist and taking meds but nothing seems to be working. and i am just making my wife miserable with my own wretched misery. i do not want to be alive anymore. i have thought about selling my stuff. i have googled the meds i take to see if an od would kill me. i also own a gun and have access to sharp objects. the one thing keeping me from ending it is what it would do to my wife. sure she would emotionally be ok after a while but she would lose the house, would end up losing the business she is worked so hard to start. and she knows she is the only thread keeping me hanging on, which just adds to her misery even more. its almost like a catch 22. i do not know why i am here really. i am too much of a coward to actually do it. but i also do not have anyone i can tell my tale of oh woe is me.. i suppose the lack of energy is a good thing since it keeps me from working up the courage to actually do it. feels like the time is drawing near
yeah i guess i will explain my thoughts...you know i sometimes have thought like how everyone around me would be happier if i was dead and then i like try i think of good things or something and i do, but then like i cannot, my brain just turns everything bad, any friend i think about suddenly actually hates me, nobody actually likes me etc.then i feel some twisted sense of happiness when i drown in my self sorrow. and then i stop. i just think a my brain is doing something stupid again just need to do something else and it will be fine so i do that, start chatting to someone on xbox listening to loud music, anything that does not allow me to think. and then it is just alright again. everybody feels like that sometimes right? often read stuff like this on the internet, everyone seems to feel like this sometimes. and i feel completely alright after it happens.but then i sometimes think, but what if it is not normal ? what if that is the actual you? what if your just lying to yourself? your just pretending your happy right? you could not be actually happy when you often feel that that.and i just try not to think of that to much. so i told basically this what i just wrote to someone i know. he is pretty much the only person i could talk to stuff like this about, maybe because i do not actually know him irl. and he said that maybe i should just talk to a professional.but like i am fine right? just making this post already makes me feel like i am admitting like something is wrong with me. when i mostly think there is not. i feel like talking to a professional worth suggest to my brain like see there is something wrong with you so stop trying to hide you you really are you miserable fuck.even tho that is not true i do not think i actually feel like that. i do not really know what i am expecting as a response, i just kind of wanted to write my thoughts down? maybe someone will have something to say i think posting this makes it worse.
i am 23, virgin, dropped out of college, most likely will end up dropping out of my diploma that i sought for 5 years depression really makes it impossible to concentrate basically i am a failure in every singe way imaginable.my parents kept telling me to kill myself and how much of a worthless burden i am everyday ever since i was 12 and even knowing it probably was not true it is now though a part of me did believe it and it just kind of adda up.i have been thinking about suicide everyday, when i am bored i fantasize about dying and i cannot take it anymore. my parents think i am lazy, good for nothing and will probably kick me out on the streets soon.my head literally hurts, i often feel a tight knit in my chest and i have lost my appetite for a few months. i have also lost two cats in a short span of time because i was weak myself could not afford a doctor and parents to save a few bucks took them to a cheap back alley doctor . i truly did love the cats more than anything and would have done absolutely anything in my pathetic power. they trusted me, loved me more than my scumbag parents and guess what, they are dead.i feel like a walking destructive force that will destroy anything and everything around me including myself but clearly not enough . i am also afraid of holding others back and hurting them, wasting their time on my miserable self.when the fuck does it get better? i have been listening to it for a decade, can it even get better? it is such snake oil bullshit. i cannot even kill myself because either it is painful, too complicated or involves potentially traumatizing others like jumping in front of a train .how do people live such hollow husk of lives? can someone suggest an easy enough way to end my life? i would strangle myself as a baby if i could i just want to fucking disappear. i am so sorry, i just feel so helpless and think i have managed to fuck my life up beyond repair. it does not get better does it?
yeah i guess i will explain my thoughts...you know i sometimes have thought like how everyone around me would be happier if i was dead and then i like try i think of good things or something and i do, but then like i cannot, my brain just turns everything bad, any friend i think about suddenly actually hates me, nobody actually likes me etc.then i feel some twisted sense of happiness when i drown in my self sorrow. and then i stop. i just think a my brain is doing something stupid again just need to do something else and it will be fine so i do that, start chatting to someone on xbox listening to loud music, anything that does not allow me to think. and then it is just alright again. everybody feels like that sometimes right? often read stuff like this on the internet, everyone seems to feel like this sometimes. and i feel completely alright after it happens.but then i sometimes think, but what if it is not normal? what if that is the actual you? what if your just lying to yourself? your just pretending your happy right? you could not be actually happy when you often feel that that.and i just try not to think of that to much. so i told basically this what i just wrote to someone i know. he is pretty much the only person i could talk to stuff like this about, maybe because i do not actually know him irl. and he said that maybe i should just talk to a professional.but like i am fine right? just making this post already makes me feel like i am admitting like something is wrong with me. when i mostly think there is not. i feel like talking to a professional worth suggest to my brain like see there is something wrong with you so stop trying to hide you you really are you miserable fuck.even tho that is not true i do not think i actually feel like that. i do not really know what i am expecting as a response, i just kind of wanted to write my thoughts down? maybe someone will have something to say i think posting this makes it worse.
i recently had a manic episode that led to me doing some extremely reckless and irresponsible things. i maxed out some credit cards, blew all my savings on stupid subscriptions and got back into a bad drug habit after previously quitting years ago. as a result, all the hard work that my so and i have put in over the last year or so was thrown out the window and our relationship fell apart. after they finally called it quits and told me we were through, i ended up at the hospital where i got my bipolar diagnosis. i feel like i am waking up after a bad dream but it is slowly sinking in that it was all real. now i am stuck living with the aftermath and i do not know how to cope. i lost my home and my partner the best support system i ever had prior to my mania and now i am back living with my parents as a grown adult. my ex is understandably traumatized and hurt by the whole experience. although the bipolar diagnosis provided some answers, the whole experience has definitely left a bad taste in their mouth and it is sadly clear that we are done.how do you cope with this guilt? knowing that i basically put a knife through the dreams we had together? now i have to live the rest of my life on meds and various therapies and on top of that, i have lost the person i truly loved. i feel no reason to continue. even if time will lessen the pain, i just feel as if i will never go over this. i just have this strong feeling inside of me that eventually i will just end it. maybe not today or tomorrow. but someday. i am going to write a letter stating all the ways i messed up and how sorry i am for all of it. i need everyone to understand how ashamed i am of how it all turned out. i really have nothing left to offer the world but pain and chaos. i have disappointed my love, my family and my friends. atleast the time we had together was fun. i have no intention of seeing the end of 2021 through. i ruined my life. i have nothing left to live for
nobody give two shits about people who bring no value to them. this is something we as suicidal people know the most about. everyone, including in some cases, parents in my case at least , do not give two flying fucks about you, your presence, or your life, unless your value outweighs the mental costs that they have to undergo to be around you. however, the second you show any negative emotion, they are the first ones to shit on you, to belittle you, and negate all resemblance of emotion, because they would rather believe their made up reality, rather than understand the truth.what kind of a shitty person would rather kick you to the curb, in order to save face, rather than help when something goes wrong.my mother has openly stated that she only had me when she found out i was a boy, because of her being the youngest of her siblings, and that she was the one who bore the first grandson to my grandfather we are an indian family who moved to the us before i was born, they had me and my brother, then we moved back because my father had died , and apparently that was a big deal to my grandfather.its got me so fucked up, that i literally feel the need to justify my existence by picking up skills that will be useful in the future i am good with computer, i tinker with linux a lot, and i can disassemble and reassemble a laptop .what kind of parent justifies this but saying that it is right to own me simply because i was born to her. what kind of parent belittles their child to the extent that they do not even fully comprehend the effect of what they are doing.i am done with this life. i am done with this existence, and honestly, i am done with this universe, knowing that no matter how many times i die and am reincarnated wishful thinking, i know that when i die i am just going to be erased from existence like i never even mattered , that there will always be another person who is going through more than i am. nobody gives two shits
i have been suicidal on and off mostly on since i was 14. sometimes it is better, sometimes it is worse. the past few weeks have been awful.i have just graduated. there are loads of jobs in my field, so i could get one easy i hope , but i just cannot face job hunting. i cannot bear the prospect of being rejected. my industry also has an incredibly high suicide rate, and i am terrified i will burn out and it will make me worse. i am back living with my parents until i get a job and a place, and that is not helping either because all my friends now live a couple hours away.i spent the past few months self sabotaging my degree. i half arsed my finals revision, i left organising my compulsory placement to the very last second. i think part of me was hoping i would fail and i would finally have an excuse to end it. i passed with honours, so i should be so proud, but i just feel numb the whole time.i do not eat, i cannot sleep. i just want to die, but i cannot bear the thought of how much it would hurt my friends and family. i spend my time playing computer games instead of doing anything productive. speaking to my friends is exhausting.i am speaking to a counsellor, which has helped some but not completely. i had a massive breakdown 9 months ago after an abusive relationship, which is when i started counselling. its helped with the issues i had regarding that relationship, but not so much my general feelings of hopelessness.i just want to sleep forever. i am so tired the whole time. i do not know how to fix my head. i have spent so many years feeling this way that i do not know how to begin fixing myself. i cannot go on like this, but i do not know how to get out of it. obviously i am very suicidal, but i do not think i would ever actually do anything.please. i need advice. i do not know how to begin to get my life together. i am so tired and i do not know what to do. i really need some help and i do not know where to find it
i so desperately want this to be over. i despise every last thing about myself. i am 30, and i have never experienced any kind romantic or sexual intimacy, because i am an ugly gay man and completely inept when it comes to dating i have no experience . i have been so poor that i cannot feed myself. my career as a professional musician has gone down the tubes because of the pandemic, and i am stuck with a new job that gives me intense anxiety and amplifies my self hatred. nobody in my life has any idea it has gotten this bad, and i do not want to reach out to friends or family, because i am sick of the well intentioned responses that make me feel to blame, or worse about myself.while i do blame myself for quite a lot, i do not blame myself for wanting to die. this world really fucking sucks. i have no hope for society in general late stage capitalism and climate change are the terminal cancer of humanity, and i am sure that it is people like me that are going to suffer the worst deaths.i cannot say i have not tried to get better. i have had aloof unsympathetic therapists over the years who have prescribed me medicine i end up not being able to afford. but i still tried. yesterday, i called down a list 20 therapists covered by my insurance the other day to see if they were accepting new patients and not one of them called me back. i guess i just really do not believe anyone is really equipped, capable, or willing to help me out of this.the obstacles keeping me from killing myself are insurmountable, like knowing the effect it would have on my family, my cat, and the lack of a riskless painless method. so for now, i guess i am just stuck in this unbearable existence. being able to kill myself is just as ludicrous of a goal as me finding any level of real or sustainable happiness. i do not know what to do with that other than writhe in agony until my natural time comes. hell is real, and i am here. the definition of hell
i grew up in an extremely abusive and neglectful home with narcissistic parents. to say that i was constantly criticized, mocked, judged, and degraded would be an absolute understatement. i went no contact roughly a year ago and have been trying to heal and work through my trauma. on paper, it would seem as if i am doing pretty damn well. i am 18 years old, a full time college student at a great university, working full time, completely on my own financially, and living in a big city. i have made the dean's list every semester, work as a youth mentor for formerly homeless youth, and i am in a five year social work master's program to get my bsw and msw and become a clinical therapist. despite all of these things i have going for me, i feel like i am drowning. i am completely physically and mentally exhausted from the toll that 18 years of abuse, chaos, and stress has taken on me. i deal with chronic suicidality and extreme internalized shame. my default is viewing myself as a defective, bad, worthless, embarrassing human being. with everything i do, these thoughts completely infiltrate my mind. it stops me from doing the things i want to out of fear of judgement and criticism. it is like i constantly fear the possibility that everyone else will see what i see. i feel like i have exhausted all of my options and i simply do not know what to do anymore. i have seen multiple therapists, psychiatrists, journaled, meditated, done yoga, said affirmations, listened to podcasts, read books about healing, tried 10 different medications for depression, ptsd, anxiety, and have even gotten ketamine infusions for treatment resistant depression and suicidality. and yet, i still feel like at my core, everything is so pointless. i want to be able to wake up without wanting to die. any advice or support would be so greatly appreciated, as i am having a really tough time right now. advice or support for chronically suicidal 18 year old
sometimes when i am listening to music that i really like i imagine myself being the person who made the music... i think of how people that i like or important to impress around me would see me and think i was amazing. i think this is a very narccistic thing to do but i have done it for a long time now. i expect so much out of life and reality can never fit the expectation's in my mind. i want love like love in the movies, i want to love and receive love. i used to think maybe i was too pathetic and sensitive for this world but the more i look at myself i realize that i am the problem. i am not a good person, i am so insecure and pathetic that it is dangerous for other people around me. my fears and insecurities are forming me into a terrible person and i do not have the energy or motivation to fix any of it. my mentality is so messed up, i sit here and think nothing i do matters since i can just kill myself. when people push me to get motivated and do something that thought crosses my mind, i think of threatening my life if they try to push me. of course i have never done that but how long will it be before i do? i sit here day after day reading these posts from all of you guys finding some sort of messed up comfort from others being in my position. part of me thinks its okay to be suicidal because others out there are too. i could right a book on why i think i should just die. it is like i am waiting for someone else to tell me i can do it. that it is the right thing to do... and even after i post this its possible for my mentality to completely change. i will think no i am worth it no i can do this. but i do nothing to change, everything is in my head. i do not want to do this the rest of my life, if everything is in my head i will only be met with disappointment in pain on the outside. this includes my own actions and mistakes. i just do not think that i am cut out for this world. i do not know anything anymore
i do not want to bore anyone with the details of how it came to this, but two friends of mine turned on me in a truly humiliating and nasty way using something i never actually did as an excuse they said i fat shamed an actor's girlfriend i did no such thing, i have struggled with eds myself, i do not do that shit to other people several years ago.this was traumatic and frightening, it just cane out of absolutely nowhere. they accused me of manipulating then by saying i felt suicidal, that i was fucking mean and horrible person. just imagine being flayed alive while people scream insults at you and you get the idea.the only reason i never killed myself at that time was because my mum was recovering from some major surgery, so i moved back home for a bit. but none of this has ever truly gone away. they were able to keep track of my movements, which perplexed me because i blocked every account of theirs i was away of.tl dr one of them had an account i discovered by accident. the one she proudly proclaims herself an md. a doctor took part in this bullshit. 1i also found out i was not the only one the main head bully had done this two. that is what motivated me to expose her and warn others......well, that plan failed worse then a second hand condom. nobody wanted to know. they did not care. she was nice and polite to them, so i must be a liar. it really does feel like fucking high school. everyone loved the main bully too...until she finally fucked up and they kicked the shit out of her. it just makes me feel i have had enough. the world is cruel, does not give a single shit about any of us. my dad is trying to persuade my mum to kick me out even though he does not live with us ffs . i have nothing and nowhere to go. it is really feeling like the end of the line.apologies for incoherence, i took a load of codeine and valium before writing this so it may make no sense. nobody cares about the bullies who drove us here
the only reason i have not killed myself is my girlfriend and my dog.the only reason i have not killed myself is my girlfriend and my dog. i could not bare the thought of leaving them alone considering i am all she has, and i could not imagine abandoning my dog. life fucking sucks. it sucked enough before this pandemic started, but now i cannot even afford to pay for my bills food medication. i had to take out multiple credit cards and borrow money from family members just to get through the last few months and now they are all maxed out. i have to drive an hour away for work, just to drive 8 10 hrs a day 5 6 days a week to get treated like absolute shit by customers. my line of work is quickly drying up and i am making half of what i was making 6 months ago. i am a very frugal person and never spend money on things that are not completely necessary.i only see my girl one day a week and it puts a big strain on us both. she is the only thing keeping me going and i barely even get to see her now. i have sent out hundreds of resumes applications over the past 2 months for jobs so i can have a stable paycheck spend more time with my girlfriend. i have gotten 2 interviews which have not amounted to anything. i have numerous health problems and i am in constant pain dispite being in my mid twenties .everyday i am holding back constant tears and suicidal thoughts. anybody have some words of advice? or been in a similar situation?tldr can barely afford a place to live food meds. taken out a good amount of debt just to survive and cannot take out any more credit cards. am in constant pain but doctors do not care enough to do anything for me. only reason i have not killed myself is my gf and my dog because i am all they have. spend all day working an exhausting job i hate while being treated like shit for shit pay while fighting back tears and suicidal thoughts. the only reason i have not killed myself is my gf and my dog.
not to double post but this time i really really fucked up. i have had suicidal ideation for years but i never went through with it. i almost did, but i did not because my current boyfriend asked me out a few days before i was going to, but i have never told him that out of fear of being manipulative.just to clarify were in a poly relationship so its me, him, and my gf. my last post explains it more but i have unintentionally hurt her and i do not know if its forgivable. considering just running away across the country and then killing myself. i have always wanted to see the west coast and i might as well have one nice experience before i die. i am trying to figure out how to plan it. i am 18 but live with my parents was going to move in with my partners in a couple months but they are both upset with me so idk if that will ever happen ill be dead anyways before that happens. if i disappear will i be forced to go home? thrown into a mental hospital? we cannot afford it anyways my mom is working night shift, my dad and siblings are about to sleep. i have tonight to start planning things out but i do not know what i am doing. there is no step to step guide for suicide so i am not surprised, i have never been a too impulsive person so it feels strange to take the leap. i know i only have a little bit of doubt because part of me is still convinced that they will not break up with me after what happened. but even if they do not i deserve thisif anyone comments i already know i am going to see stuff like try therapy or talk to someone or meditate and exercise and eat healthy1. i have no access to therapy and my family is against it.2. i have tried talking to family and friends, it never helps3. i do plenty of things like that, but its never improved my mental health.i have trauma starting from age 6 and multiple undiagnosed mental illnesses plus autism and an eating disorder. its not that easy tired of hurting people
ok so i never really used this place to rant. i had an horrible childhood that led me to become overly shy in public. yes a man who can be socially insecure. i can already hear everyone running away. it seems like the worst thing for most people for some reason. it comes with lot of problems but i will cut right to the chase i have so much trouble finding a woman that you would not even believe me if i told you the stories... i had so many opportunities of women coming to me, seducing me, doing the first steps and i messed most of them. the 2 times i tried doing the first steps it worked well but i chocked out and could not handle the pressure. also i would give you examples but i doubt this place is nsfw even though people just openly discuss about death. i had something happened to me yesterday... pure torture seriously. it is like the devil or bad luck is playing with my soul. anyways. i wish there was a way to find love easily for overly shy people. whenever a cute girl comes to talk to me i just freeze and it is like i cannot find anything to think or say. they either think i am rude or not interested.. well that is what i presume at least. sometimes i even ignored some of them even though i really wanted them. what is wrong with me? i tried seeing some doctors and shrinks about my shyness issues but it did not work. now i live by myself and it sucks seeing everyone around me, every single person, is in couple or dating someone. and it seems so easy for them. i could try some dating app but i am too depressed to even try. plus i feel they are lame. i do not know what to say. i am just in a real mess. it pisses me off you know? i do not know maybe i should stop caring. maybe i should stop giving a shit and start drinking. i feel like i am trapped and i have been thinking about ending it recently. my life is simply not worth it. i am never drinking but tonight i might get drunk. being overly shy really sucks
i feel like i was doomed from the beginning of my life. my sperm donor did not want me, he told my mom to abort me but she did not for some reason. she was barely around growing up i was with my grandma and other family. growing up i was sad i did not have a dad, i thought he cared about me and missed me while he was in jail. but when my mom decided to move bc he was getting out i did not want to go bc i was younger and did not want to leave my friends etc. but i ended up coming and it was a huge mistake. these last years were horrible i found out the truth about everything, i was told he did not want me, she threw my stuff on the side of the road, told me to kill myself, she hated me, some of the worse things a parent could say. and he was no better, i heard this from both parents. but long story short i moved to a new state just to be treated like trash, not have any friends, no family, nothing. i feel dead inside, i think about suicide everyday because what is the point of living in a world where no one cares about you. i do not get out of bed some days i have no motivation for anything, i used to want to be a pharmaceutical scientist but i just gave up. hearing stuff like your slow, fat, lazy really gets to you. a parent that loves their kid would try to get them help and not yell at them for being sad and tell them i do not want to be around you, i do not want to be your parent, your energy is bad, your lazy, no one wants to deal with you but me. i am tired of dealing with life. i have grown to dislike myself when i look in the mirror i cry, i hate how i look, i feel ugly. i tried the whole being positive and seeing the good in every situation but it got me no where. but if anyone reading this wants to be a parent remember to be nice to your kids and they never forget anything you say to them. i hate myself, i am tired of pretending to be happy, i am sick of being positive, and i am tired of being ignored
i just cannot fucking do it man. i cannot fucking do it. it is not 'playtime's over,' playtime's been over. i am 21, going into a senior year of college abroad if i can even still get the necessary paperwork in i put off , i constantly think i am dying due to a medical problem that is either a cancer i have put off for so long it is at the deadly point or an easily treatable infection depending on my attitude. i bounce back and forth between unfounded optimism about myself and my future and deep, crippling depression all while a fearsome anxiety immediately marks me as an immature fucker to anyone i talk to, especially authority figures. i do not have savings, in fact i am in debt not even counting soon to be crippling student loans. i have wasted my time on boozing or weed benders just to feel something because when i do not i cannot escape the suicidal thoughts. my family all think it but do not have the balls to say it to me. i cannot even take the bare minimum fucking steps of medical dental appointments. i am still plagued by the fallout of my mom turning from a quirky hippie chick into a schizo methhead, and my subsequent fall from a bright kid going to the stem school and winning chess tournaments into a useless stoner fucker who cannot function in society.it is enough to want to just lay down and fucking rot. why the fuck do i have to experience these deep, dark, depressions. i used to think it was loneliness. then i thought it was fallout from my childhood. then i thought it was something i could fix with some concerted effort. i neglected to realize the problem is me i am now the you iquoterelevantsongs who used to be able to make a concerted effort. now i am just a broken she will of a motherfucker, and i am tired of maintaining this fucking husk. if i could go back and look through every throwaway and every main post i have made in times of crisis i would have something to do besides wanting to die
all my life my family has been toxic and i have always suffered from depression and severe anxiety.. i started cutting around the time i entered middle schooli turned 19 a month ago but for the past 3 years everything has gotten worse. my older sister emotionally and verbally abuses me and my family. she used to say once i turned 18 she would fight me, i thought about killing myself just to avoid everything. but i did not and now i am 19. i do not want to really get into details but believe me when i say the past 3 years have been hell i am exhaustedmy sister would threaten our lives and her own. using everything she could against us. we kicked her out many times but she let us herself back in. the police have been to my house thousands of times. i know she struggles with mental issues and she is in pain too but now i am exhausted and my depression and anxiety have worsened. i have recently turned to drugs i am abusing them so badly everyday i get high if i can drink ill get wasted i have also recently started having sneaky links to feel something. the first time i cried while doing stuff because i know its wrong but i also just do not care.i am self destructing and the worst thing is i am witnessing myself do it and i cannot stop it. i have become so numb to the world around meand when i am actually happy i feel guilty because i know my mom and the kids are sad with the situation.i have wanted to move out but if i do i am leaving them behind to deal with my sisterwell i guess either way id be leaving them.i do not want to die but i am tired of waking up to this numb feeling. i have medication but i think need something stronger now. lately i have been having cutting urges. i am just so lost i do not know what to do anymore somebody pleasehelp me my intrusive thoughts have never been this bad i do not know if i can do this anymore and i am scared i am going to end it. i am scared i am going to kill myself..
everyone in my schooling system thinks i am autistic but i really faked it so my school work would be easier, i stopped going to school because i do not fit in there with anyone and nobody likes how different i am, i have problems about my body i have a dent on my chest and it makes me so self conscious i cannot do anything that requires me to not wear a shirt or people laugh at me and call me an alien, i have a gf but as of recently she is been loosing connection to me since she has her bestfriend back she does not want to be my bestfriend anymore, i have some friends they are really nice but i do not think they understand me, i think that my dad hates me because i am not the son that he wanted, i feel like a disappointment to him and my family name because i am autistic and i have not gone to school for 3 years and i feel weak because i was molested and used when i was 10. i am 17 years old. i do not have a job and i used to be a drug dealer 1 year ago just because i hated going to school, when i was dealing i was addicted to mdma and xanax, they have both helped heavily with destroying my views and how i see myself, i have lost all of my happy emotions the only feelings that i feel is sadness and hatred to who i am. i cry almost every day of every hour just because living in my body hurts my soul so much. i do not belong on this planet or in this body. i hope nobody feels the ways that i do it is a shit feeling, i just needed to get this off my chest. i am planning on trying dmt as i have experienced lsd over 30 times but i would just like to try it to see if it changes anything about myself and if it does not change me i do not want to live here anymore. sorry for huge wall of text ik a lot of people on this subreddit probably do not actually care about anyone venting you all just care about punctuation and karma but i am doing it anyway i do not feel comfortable on this earth anymore and i want to die
hi, so i have never talked about this friend but oh god, she is something. i asked them to stop calling me the t and f slur, since i am gay and trans and it makes me uncomfortable but they still doi asked them to stop showing me porn nsfw art of anime characters, they still doi told her to stop using aave since she is white as semen but still says ithas sexualized my age regression, which btw the reason why i regress is because of getting sexually assaulted whenever i tell them to not do something i do not like she would have a break down and say how they are having a panic attack and how they are sorry, then proceed to do it all over again awhile back, i was worried about me and my boyfriends relationshipand him being aro i finally brought it up, saying how i am not comfortable being in a relationship if hes aro, turns out he understands. he is not aro, and we moved on and did not even get in a fight. feels so good to get that off my shoulders so i vented about it to my friend, big mistake! they said the following boyfriends name is toxic, manipulative, abusive and so much more you need to leave him!! no hes not? hes literally the sweetest boy ever, nobody has ever treated me good, not even my friend the one i am talking about i did not believe any shit she said, i went to sleep, left their house immediately and cried. i cried a lot. hearing people say shit like that about your boyfriend is not something that is fun!so less than a month later i told him, and he was so hurt. he has lots of horrible intrusive thoughts just like i do, and now she made him feel like they true. i feel awful, my poor fucking boyfriend. i want to comfort him and hug him and do everything in my power to protect him but we are long distance rn and i cannot do shit. he still feels shitty about it, and i do too. my so called friend has said lots of other awful things, ill talk about those later my friend hurt my boyfriend and me
like, wow. i think of suicide everyday for the past year. half that year was chronic suicidal thoughts. i am talking with a plan, what the aftermath of my death will be like, how others will react, etc.recently i decided i wanted end my suffering. i went online and bought the drug do not ask . it arrived. i have it in my hands, its easy access. all it takes is a little and i will not even know i am dead. thinking to myself, wow its that easy, huh? and then i am dead, which makes my suffering no longer existent. everything is fine now. but no, its much more hard than that. you have the permanent solution in the palm of your hands, all you have to do is take it, and your desire is met. so much power is held in my hand right now that i can finally make this decision. it all came down to this very moment. i came to realize i do not want to die, i just want to end my suffering. looking at this drug in my hand gives me fear, anxiety, worry, so many different emotions that just looking at it makes me feel uneasy. what is it that i want best for me? i feel that i have no choice but to take this dark route as a only solution. it feels impulsive to have bought this. but why must it feel like this is a choice now? why could have i of just for once, realized this is not the answer. but it does feel like one at the same time. its all too conflicting. it gives me comfort knowing i have access to it, but when do i decide to take it? how do i prevent myself if i had enough of living? have i really had enough? what is enough? i am not even working towards something, so why am i here? just to suffer more because people tell me to stay? what is the answer, i am still deciding. why does it have to be this way i do not know. thinking of suicide and a plan is like a walk through a park. when presented with the permanent solution to your problem in the palm of your hand, it becomes the most difficult thing ever to commit to.
i am sobbing while i write this post. i do not think i am in extremely imminent danger so i am probably not a super high priority, but if even one person could help that would mean the world to me. i never thought i would have to post on a subreddit like this. but i have had suicidal thoughts on and off for years, and it keeps threatening to culminate. tonight has been one of the worst nights. i will try and keep my reasons quick, as i do not know if i even deserve to complain. i was born into a fairly okay situation, middle class, mostly okay family, things like that, so why am i sad? well, i have lots of mental health issues that at least noticeably impact my normal human function, and on top of that some of my family often calls me useless because of the way they affect me. i am already in my mid 20s with a niche associate's degree my only accomplishment, i cannot find work to even be like, a cashier or something, i still live at home. no one wants me, not a job, not certain family, including my mom and sister who are the ones to call me useless. to top it all off, my dog is one of the only things that keeps me in it all the time, and now those two are threatening to get rid of her because i am almost out of money, and they think i will not be able to care for her anymore, when i would do anything to care for her, no matter how i have to get money. i need her. i have a very small bit saved up and it is all going to her while i still look for work. so tonight i picked up a knife, thought about how to do it, and... i just cannot seem to follow through. what is wrong with me? i cannot even end it right. so why am i posting at all? because the thoughts have gotten stronger and stronger over the years, a combo of an anti depressant and therapy is not helping enough, and i feel like something is about to push me over the edge. losing my dog i am sure would. i need help, please... i just cannot do it...
i have suffered from serve anxiety ever since i was 17 years old and i was diagnosed with depression once when i was 18 and i somehow managed to beat it back then. anxiety never left me, it is been there ever since but i learned how to manage it. now i am 23 years old, trying to get out of my parents' shelter. unlike a lot of people here, i believe my problem is not with myself but the people in general. you might say that statement in simple words just means i have a problem with myself but i do not believe that anymore. i have not had a lot dark thoughts during these past 5 years but now it seems they are back. i have been contemplating suicide a lot lately. the only thing that holds me back is my family. i do not want to hurt my parents and my younger siblings because i know that would be devastating to them.i am ashamed at myself because i should be making my parents proud and be a good role model to my siblings and not be a crybaby on this subreddit but here i am. i feel hopeless. i lost some good friends, i hardly had any relationship that lasted longer than 3 months. i was cheated on and i was betrayed by people, even best friends i considered as brothers. it is like everything has happened to me, what is left?! i got in conclusion that this world is full of egoism, narcissism and cinism. i think trying to be a good person never works here. this world is full of hate and full of people whose only intention is to fucking destroy other people. i think there is nothing left for me here, absolutely nothing. why keep living in such circumstances? why live among these people? i feel such a stranger to everyone. i am tired. i am so tired of holding on. i am so tired of keeping these things inside. i am so tired of hanging around people acting like i am not crying every night and day. it is been two goddamn months, it is not leaving. i need to see a bright day for once ffs, this is cruel. i am tired
not using a throwaway because screw it. i am losing control over my mind, i feel. been battling depresison for 6 8 years now and thought i was gettingt better, but i am not. it is only getting worse and worse. my troubles are likely to be pretty lgihtt compared to the majority of the ones on here, it is just grades and shitty groupmates. but these grades are important as they can mean if i can get into a uni or not and my country, singapore, is highly competitive.we submitted a shit project worth at least one third of my grade uncomplete and i have to wringle out the wringler with these people for antoher three more projects. i am getting tired. what is the point of trying so hard? i slept only 2 hours a day for the last two weeks and it is starting to show. i ran myself ragged for the last two years to obtain a good gpa so that i can provide for my family and it is going to go flush down the drain because of my shitty groupmates who want to do work last minute or do nothing at all. for fuck's sake, while i was working on the documents, i saw two of them come in and sit there doing nothing for good solid hours, checked the timestamp in google slides, no edits made by either of them. like what the fuck is going on?i cannot take it anymore. i am having a nervous breakdown and my school expects us to go f2f lessons again. i want to kill myself. i am in the process of writing up notes to people who i think has guided my life, both negatively and positively. it is just a matter of gathering the resolve to do it..i am too chickenfeet to die, i want the pain to stop but i do not dare end it with my own two hands, i wish something would kill me so i can be done. my family said they would be sad if i died, but i think they will be less burdened knowing that a deadweight like me, that wasted 3 years of my life doing nothing at home, is gone and not leeching off them. let it end. let it end. let it end.
i am 27. right now i feel very lost and i do not know what to do with my life anymore. i am married but i feel alone anyway. it seems that i cannot cope with the many stressors in my life including my own relationship. it is funny, because i have goals and i want to achieve them but cannot seem to do anything. i feel stuck no matter what i do. i cannot sleep and i cannot eat. i am always so irritated and upset. it seems my husband does not really care about communicating with me about how i am feeling. 7 months ago, i felt more alive but still very empty in a way. i was just starting to figure out my life and go back to college.. i was also trying to move on from this marriage because i just could not cope with what i have gone through with him. we do not even live together and i feel i am always going to be a bother or needy when i needed him the most. we had gotten back together from a long break in december. we were not happy but i intentionally left him slowly without communication..it slowly died off and he began to worry....i just could not deal with feeling unloved so i wanted to leave and clear my head. now i am starting to feel like i was stupid. his promises never fulfilled or the countless talks on improving and working on ourselves are thrown away because he just lies to me and never really apologizes when he makes mistakes... when i get upset, i can say the most hurtful things and then feel the most unbearable sadness and regret. i have such low self esteem compared to how i was when i was trying to move on. there is so much to say and i wish i could explain our relationship more on here to get a full picture of my situation...the point is, i honestly would rather die alone then to be with someone who makes me feel alone. i am already contemplating and death is on my mind as of recent. i am just a she will. i am not even living, i am already dead so what is the point. loneliness
greetings everyone. i do hope you are having a good day night. i have come here to post my final message, thank you to all who will read it and please hold on tight to your life. i have seen many things throughout my life. i lost my father and several other family members early on. my mother was beaten and spit at by my father and grandmother when she was pregnant with me. that is all i will mention here abuse wise. i grew up alone without any supporting figures. i have survived a war in my country, although it lasted only a few months, it was still not a pleasant experience. i was used by people i thought were friends and i was in three toxic relationships. i have tried ending it dozens of times but i just could not do it. now that i finally have nothing, actually nothing, only confusion and pain, i do believe i can do it today. i used to be a happy optimistic kid and now it is a shame to see myself as corpse mentally i wish i made the right decisions and did not traumatise myself even further. i regret what i have done, mental instability was never an excuse to harm or plot against others, neither can it ever be an excuse to hurt animals. please please please get therapy as soon as you feel something is wrong, i did not do that and it was the biggest mistake i can think of. please hold on everyone and do your best to work with what life has given you. i wish for others to not end up like i did, i wish for others to be at least somewhat happy. farewell people, i do not know any of you but the only thing i hope for is that you do not go through what i have. that your heart does not die, that your hope does not die. and i assure everyone that someone out there cares. the decision is mine, i have already been considering it for a long time. i know i could have kept going and achieved something. but with the near insane state my head is in, to keep going would only be torture. today is the day
okay, so my job is seriously fucking with my mental health at this point. i work as a grocery store cashier, and when i have to work the front end, its fucking miserable. now that we do not have to social distance anymore, the place thinks its okay to pack us employees and customers together like fucking sardines, and because i get anxiety from strangers being too close to me, i am fucking miserable. all that, on top of scanning a hundred items at a time lacking mental stimulation and draining the soul out of me to begin with. its all just a miserable experience.i do not want to die. i really do not. i have goals and dreams, things i love about life, things that make me happy. a future to live.but i am spiraling. i cannot just get another job between not having my drivers license and social anxiety making references an impossible thing to deal with, my literal only two choices right now are to either keep living this miserable experience or once again live a meaningless one where i lay around and do nothing with my life. i really do not want to die but i am spiraling into the belief that its going to be the only way out of this misery. its getting worse by the week. i am actually starting to get scared of myself.but tonight, on a whim, i watched a video i took recently, of a moment where i felt truly at peace. i was playing lofi out of a speaker and laying in the grass, watching cars leave after a fireworks show.and i was reminded that its those little moments that i love so much about life. that even after a miserable shift, ill keep getting to live these experiences if i live.i am still struggling, do not get me wrong. but its things like that that help keep me afloat. i am hoping to either get my drivers license, work up the courage to talk to the hr manager about my anxiety issues that feels less likely , or start seeing a therapist soon. kind of had a little bit of a turnaround moment
here i am again facing another crisis that is my fault. i kept hoping i will receive some mercy but tonight i basically got an email that i am not going to. i have groveled like a bitch for it, but i am not going to. now this week i have to attend to do the impossible. then the week after that i will have to publicly humiliate myself and disappoint my family. after that i have a battery of medical tests to do to figure out what is wrong with me all we know is its serious. i have a family that loves me and i have friends, but it is like we are not emotionally connected anymore. all they do is give me practical things to do to solve my situation. tell me it is hard but i can get through it. how i am strong. nobody seems to care about how i feel. i just told a friend i feel completely defeated and emotional unstable and a she had to say was you can do x, y and z then start therapy. when these people are emotional i am on the phone with them, helping them. listening to them cry. comforting them. with me it seems to be all business. is this my punishment for never really being an emotionally open person? is this also my fault? i have received people's pain over and over, yet because my voice is even over the phone it is all business? do i have to cry to get affection? i just feel like being done with this. i used to never consider suicide because of the hurt it would because everyone but i do not even feel that way anymore. way how things are they would just gather up and discuss the logistics for my funeral and belongings. the one time i really need comfort and support, and everybody just goes to bed..i have spent nights hearing them sob, and everyone just goes to bed when i call them on the phone and say i am feeling the worst i have in my life..i swear if another person says how strong i am, i am going to snap.. you are strong! why do not you try x! pray about it! i think this is the end.
i suppose i have made an inch of progress since i have last felt the need to post here. my current job has been extraordinarily stressful for a long time. i have known for months, if not over a year, that i need to find somewhere else. yet despite knowing that, i would get so scared about the thought of applying somewhere else, about having to go through the process of putting in that two weeks notice.so that was my situation. too scared to hunker down and take care of the things that would make my current job better, yet too scared to push forward.my situation is not much different, but i have that inch of progress i have made in the past few weeks. i finally managed to get myself to apply to some other places. only two so far, but maybe i can find some more. or maybe i get lucky and i will hear back from one of these.just going slow. i do not want to end up at a job that will make me feel the same, or potentially even worse, than i do now.i wish i was not going slow. i fantasize in my head that i will just hear back immediately from one of these jobs i have just applied to and i will be out of here. but these things take time, and as much as i wish it was not like this, i will probably need to apply to more than two places.i suppose i am not actively suicidal, but have been engaging in some reckless behavior. i do not really want to but after not putting in the effort to progress out of here i am tired and feel the need to cope in shitty ways.just want out of here. wish i would just quit. i have plenty saved but i just get concerned about having trouble getting a new job if i quit one out of the blue. that is my irrational brain, so concerned about keeping a job i would drive myself to an unintentional suicide, maybe intentional if it gets worse.guess i got to just fight for that next inch of progress. apply some more places and get the hell out of here. change cannot come fast enough
made a new reddit account just for this. i was directed here from r depression. i read through the rules and sidebar and want to make sure i am following everything. so here it is i have a desire to die that has been growing in the last few months. thinking i want to die is like a mantra i ruminate on through out my day. i do not have previous attempts, just previous depression and family history of depression. i have ideas of how i would do it, but i am not happy with them. i would want find a way my wife and young kids would get insurance money seems tricky , and i would want to be found by first responders so that no one i love is traumatized.i have admitted to myself that thoughts are serious enough that i should try to get help. i know intellectually that my wife and kids require my continuing existence for their well being, despite my feelings i am just a paycheck and a living household appliance. i know there are lots of other reasons to live, even if none of them feel compelling right now. i mentioned my suicidal thoughts to my brother and he encouraged me to take advantage of psychologist services through my work benefits. i tried booking an appointment but their openings were only for weekends. i chickened and canceled as i do not want my wife finding out and worrying. i need to try again somewhere where i can get in during the work week. i should also try talking to a doctor about antidepressants again. i took them for several months during a bad stretch 15 years ago. i was really interested to learn from the subreddit wiki that seasonal suicide rates are highest in the early summer. this makes me feel better, knowing i am experiencing this with other people. i will hope to make some more posts on here or figure out the check in posts or something. my feelings of being a burden extend to therapists and internet strangers, but i will try. first post admitting suicidal thoughts
my boyfriends friend who is a female just recently started texting me and when i say recently i mean like just yesterday. the girl, we will call her aiya.aiya is wanting to kill her self because the guy she was dating for 2 months dumped her because she was feeling depressed. horrible for her right? sounds awful. i only saw the problem in her ex but once i kept texting aiya, i realized, the problem was mostly her. this is annoying because i have not dealt with this type of stuff since middle school or high school. and you may think oh that is a simple fix just reassure her and convince her to make some changes. its not as easy as you would think. she genuinely does not want to live. i have said everything i have needed to say to her but all she says is no about literally everything and all she says is that she wants him back, the thing is that aiya is 100 aware of what she is doing. she knows that its not worth it to feel shit over some guy and she knows she is just giving her ex what he wants.. which is to see her suffer. she doesent want help she doesent want to get better i do not know what to do this is my first time having to come on reddit and ask for advice on this. because i have been pretty good at convincing people to stay alive but this is just a whole different case.it may be simple to just not talk to her anymore and let her deal with her own problems but my brain will not let me just leave her even if it is not my problem. she needs actual help.its nearly and probably impossible to convince her to move on. she has extreme attachment issues more than i have seen in anyone. i am starting to think this life is a lost because of hers. if anyone has advice or wants more input that would be great, i do not know if i should report her? she lives all the way in virginia and i live in utah so i cannot do anything. friend is trying to kill themselves hurry and answer anyone please
i am trying...i swear i am giving it my all. to do the best in my studies. i am even scoring good. i thought i will be happy but something or the other happens that just sends me spiralling downwards... it is so frustrating not being able to trust the people closest to you and talk about stuff with them. welp ig imma say it here lmao. my dad beat the shit outta me yesterday and i really want to start self harming and tried my hand at it after it. firstly i got beaten up because i did not mop the place where water fell from my dog's bowl and he almost slipped. i was about to go do it but my dog started whining so i was just looking after her. he started shouting. i shouted back. and he just slapped me really hard. my right ear was ringing like in movies when a bomb goes off or smthng. then he used a flip flop and hit me on the head with it and my mum had to step in. it feels so humiliating. just feels like i am robbed of any sort of humane treatment. it is so damaging to my already low self esteem and confidence. it is concerning how much i think about suicide these days. literal fantasies. i hope i have enough courage to do it someday. worst part is i cannot talk to anyone about it. no one. when i tried in the past it just fucked me up even further coz it just felt like nobody gives a shit. anyhow i punched myself several times on the right side of my face hoping for a bruise or smthng in the morning but did not happen. hurts tho. anyone got any tips on how to self harm without blades and stuff? i just felt better after doing that coz it just felt like i deserved it. i fr want to start doing it on a regular basis. i feel like i enjoy the pain coz it is what i fucking deserve and nothing else. i am a worthless pathetic little piece of shit and deserve the most painful death possible. but i am a coward so haha i do not have the balls to do it. fml i do not think i am getting any better
m 20 so i am writing this cuse iv been wanting to get it off my chest iv tried killing my self last week by overdosing and sent to the hospital then to a mental health facility i got out in 4 days and when i was in there i was feeling a lot better and thought i can do this but when i got out i realized that i am back were i started i am on antidepressants but you still have suicide thoughts and still depressed its so weird that i am alive and i have to work and live idk how to explain that but i was not ready to keep going with life i think about wanted to die again still depressed. i do not really have a purpose or some that cares about me i just want to be loved and wanted .iv been bullied in high school cuse i was special ed and really quite it felt like if i said something worng or stupid they just laugh i just struggled with my math and english because i was in special ed class i struggle alot in the really world like with work. i had friends but i felt they just use me for my money so they were just being kind. after high school so called friends started using drugs and i have stayed off that path trying to be good. had a hard time talking to females very shy never went on a date to high school i wanted to date after tried dating apps went to partys and never made a connection. parents are not any help when in high school they verbal abused me so that and the bulling at school fuck me up there better now but i cannot talk to them and tell them you made my life even harder. i look at people i know and there happy getting married and have a good time and i ask my self why cannot i be like what is wrong with me that iv tried to put my self put there but nothing works thank you if your reading this sorry for spelling errors if your depressed or suicide you not alone it hurts so much i know hugs for evey one love i tried killing my self a week ago and still want to and my back story
like, wow. i think of suicide everyday for the past year. half that year was chronic suicidal thoughts. i am talking with a plan, what the aftermath of my death will be like, how others will react, etc.recently i decided i wanted end my suffering. i went online and bought the drug do not ask . it arrived. i have it in my hands, its easy access. all it takes is a little and i will not even know i am dead. thinking to myself, wow its that easy, huh? and then i am dead, which makes my suffering no longer existent. everything is fine now. but no, its much more hard than that. you have the permanent solution in the palm of your hands, all you have to do is take it, and your desire is met. so much power is held in my hand right now that i can finally make this decision. it all came down to this moment. i came to realize i do not want to die, i just want to end my suffering. looking at this drug in my hand gives me fear, anxiety, worry, so many different emotions that just looking at it makes me feel uneasy. what is it that i want best for me? i feel that i have no choice but to take this dark route as a only solution. it feels impulsive to have bought this. but why must it feel like this is a choice now? why could have i of just for once, realized this is not the answer. but it does feel like one at the same time. its all too conflicting. it gives me comfort knowing i have access to it, but when do i decide to take it? how do i prevent myself if i had enough of living? have i really had enough? what is enough? i am not even working towards something, so why am i here? just to suffer more because people tell me to stay? what is the answer, i am still deciding. why does it have to be this way i do not know. thinking of suicide and a plan is like a walk through a park. when presented with the permanent solution in the palm of your hands, it becomes the most difficult thing ever to commit to.
i am going on a end of life journey tomorrow. i am texting every relative in my family this as most of you may or may not know, i have asperger's and add, along with a lot of anxiety and depression. i have tried to live alone, and i have found working a fulltime job in a place i am unfamiliar with to be unbearable. for one, it is incredibly lonely being by myself even if i see family on the weekends to go to bed alone each night. second, i am so depressed and have so many panic attacks about my predicament that it is getting hard to work a 40 hour a week job. third, the pressure of being responsible for everything in my world with no help is overbearing. so i have decided to reach out to my phone contacts to see if anyone would let me live with them and get a part time job in the area, and pay what i can for rent. i will wait 72 hours after sending this text to everyone while staying in an undisclosed location. if i do not get any offers, i will open a tank of redacted inside my car with me in it. if i get found and sent to the hospital, nothing will change i will simply wait until insurance stops paying for me to be there, buy another tank of nitrogen, and do the same thing i set out to do. i cannot bear to go on. i already have 2 therapists and a psychiatrist a hospital would be effectively less than that except i would not be able to do anything bad until i got out. i assume i will just either get ignored by everyone, a bunch of people being angry at me, or a bunch of people telling me to stop and trying to tell me how good my life is. all i can say is that unless you have lived with mental illness for a long time it is hard to understand what it is like to suffer mentally every day and live a normal life and i have obviously hit my limit. i do not want to see myself lose my job and my condo. i would rather go before all of that happens trigger warning cannot handle life anymore
i am going on a end of life journey tomorrow. i am texting every relative in my family this as most of you may or may not know, i have asperger's and add, along with a lot of anxiety and depression. i have tried to live alone, and i have found working a fulltime job in a place i am unfamiliar with to be unbearable. for one, it is incredibly lonely being by myself even if i see family on the weekends to go to bed alone each night. second, i am so depressed and have so many panic attacks about my predicament that it is getting hard to work a 40 hour a week job. third, the pressure of being responsible for everything in my world with no help is overbearing. so i have decided to reach out to my phone contacts to see if anyone would let me live with them and get a part time job in the area, and pay what i can for rent. i will wait 72 hours after sending this text to everyone while staying in an undisclosed location. if i do not get any offers, i will open a tank of redacted inside my car with me in it. if i get found and sent to the hospital, nothing will change i will simply wait until insurance stops paying for me to be there, buy another tank of nitrogen, and do the same thing i set out to do. i cannot bear to go on. i already have 2 therapists and a psychiatrist a hospital would be effectively less than that except i would not be able to do anything bad until i got out. i assume i will just either get ignored by everyone, a bunch of people being angry at me, or a bunch of people telling me to stop and trying to tell me how good my life is. all i can say is that unless you have lived with mental illness for a long time it is hard to understand what it is like to suffer mentally every day and live a normal life and i have obviously hit my limit. i do not want to see myself lose my job and my condo. i would rather go before all of that happens trigger warning cannot handle life anymore
i am edging closer and closer to killing myself. i have never ever thought that i would actually do it, but lately i am starting to doubt that conviction. i am almost 40 and things are not getting better. i live with my parents again for the umpteenth time in my life after breaking up for the umpteenth time with the woman i have been with for umpteen years and losing the umpteenth job because of what i call mental health issues but most other people call laziness. i am 30 thousand dollars in debt in student loans, the schooling for which has never helped me get a single job. i have never made much more than minimum wage and i have never even put a dent in paying off the loans. what a waste of time and money school was.i have violent thoughts towards myself all the time and often i find myself thinking about violence against faceless entities like the government or the rich . i have sought mental health help for many, many years in many, many forms and there is nothing that seems to help me cope with my lack of success. i am on pills now and they make me feel less angry but not less sad. i am really thinking that i may not be able to hold my resolve against my growing instinct that i would be better off just ending things.what should i do? going to the hospital never yields results, i have done that a number of times and quite frankly i do not need to be put on a 48 hour watch, i am not crazy, i am at the end of my rope i have no more fucks to give . i was going to tell my parents or my ex how i was feeling but i just keep stopping myself because i do not feel like putting the burden on them. so i searched 'suicide' on reddit and here i am. i hope i do not get the typical internet responses but i suppose putting myself out there like this invites it no matter what. tldr never thought i would do it, life seems like it only gets worse, probably will do it. probably going to do it...
i honestly do not know.i do not know if contemplating suicide as an option relentlessly makes me suicidal or not.i do not know what would happen if i committed suicide.what i do know is that i want to commit suicide, because damn, life is hard. soaking up everyone elses emotions is hard. feeling like you are too young to die is hard.losing those that you have called friends is hard. cutting contact is hard. being called indecisive and unable to say goodbye and move on is hard. being ignored is hard. being in a relationship, romantic or otherwise, is hard.i have had really bad experiences in the past. one of who i thought were my closest buddies gaslighted me for years. i was always bullied and ignored. i have recently moved to another school and things have been easier, but i am afraid to trust anyone, so i have been pushing people away because the easier it is to convince myself that i am not their friend makes it easier when i mess up and the relationship burns down. and i have dropped hints everywhere that i want support but nobody ever noticed. even going to a therapist is hard because i do not trust the therapist enough to tell her anything about how i am feeling because that information invariably ends up in my parents hand. and i do not trust my parents with a single atom in my body. because some part of teenage me does not trust adults. because i do not want anyone to worry about me, because in the end this is my burden to carry.so yeah. i have been contemplating suicide. i have even written a draft of a letter to share with certain people i have once felt even remotely close to trusting. i have been getting no sleep at all lately. i have researched the afterlife to try and see what it may be like after i die. so what now?i guess there are two options. to do it, or not to.that is all i wanted to share. thanks for bearing with me. when trust issues meet suicidal thoughts
hello, 23 year old male here. my parents had divorced i was about 10, dad had moved back to usa. my older brother, sister, and i stayed with our mother in italy. we had a basically functional family. i guess my problems started about age 12. as it turned out both my brother and i were sort of gay adjacent . brother was 15 at the time. i guess we were watching porn at the time and we became physical. it kept going on for several months. i was more than okay with what was happening. was it just fun, a crush, was i in love with him, or did i just worship my older brother? i am not sure but i never thought of it as wrong or rapey or anything. so one night i am blowing him and our sister catches us and immediately tells our mother and the next day my brother is on a flight to live with our dad in another country.i told my parents that he did not force me etc etc etc but they did not care. molestation they said. rape they said. trying to gaslight us. after that and to this day i have not said a single word to either of my parents or my sister. complete silence. i would talk to my best friend and my brother on the internet when we could. when we would switch parents my brother would already be gone on a flight to the other one, i never got to see him in person again. his car was hit by another car and he died when he was 19.i feel trapped, unable to move on from the night we got caught and what happened after. i have never felt guilty about what we did even though all this happened. i do absolutely blame the rest of the family for what happened, for taking my brother from me and trying to make him feel like he hurt me.so here i am now, living in the us, have a job, i have dated some but never got attached. it just feels like so long since i have had a connection with anyone, so long since i have felt anything. is there even a point in moving forward? suicidal or crippling emptiness?
this is going to be an odd post but i want all the knowledge and expertise i can get.kindlyi know my phone is hacked and i want to prove it.the person who has hacked my phone is another tenant in the house.they are bullying me and sharing and spreading rumours about me in the city.i will provide context third world country large house the other tenants buisness can see everything on my phone screen before you say this a classic tech noob post.i was watching explicit content weird stuff and two of the other tenants came to the adjacent rooms window facing mine and said look at what this dude is watching.this is not enough proof.my phone just glitched this morning and started google chrome opened itself and searched by itself why the phone was glitching.the screenshot '2021' was saved to my device while it was glitching. it has happened before back to my earlier point the reason i know they know i watch explicit content is because they have spread rumours about me being a pervert and gay.i also overheard a conversation where one of the other tenants was on the phone with what to have been a hacker.the man asked what is that app on his phone?he said it is an app used to go to sleep.guess which app i have?a white noise app.i know it is not enough to go on anecdotal evidence but i feel it in my bones and gut.i swear being in the situation would only make you see it as i do.i have really considered the mental aspect but i know the signs are too hard to ignore.why not just buy a new phone?i want to catch the people spying on me and watching my phone.even this post is possibly to them.before you ridicule me,i know it sounds like paranoia,i am just one kid 18 and they are a group of people the other tenants who are too nosy for their own good.is this possible or am i just paranoid? no one believes me even though i am dead sure it is true.why cannot they just mind their own buisness?
my dad misgenders me all the time i fucking hate it, my mom always says something that makes me upset, my friend is a piece of shit and most importantly my partner hurts my feelings a lot. there is not much to say about my parents and there is lots to say about my friend but ill be talking about my boyfriend me and him have been together for a year or so now and its been good, however he started to say really mean things at the start of this year. i cannot remember all of them but here is some major ones said he feels the need to cheat on me because i am so worried about it told me to go get a hobby for worrying about our relationship made fun of my body gets mad when i tell him about something i do not like that he does but hell turn around and tell me how much he wants to know about those things and well ofc as i said, a lot more. however, those are the main oneshe came and told me our relationship was only sexual attraction and not romantic attention for him, which obviously i was sad. who is going to be leaping with joy when they hat they are partner is questioning if they are aromantic? especially as someone who is on the asexual spectrum mainly because of a history with sexual assault. we are also fucking minors dude we are not going to be fucking i have not broken up with him yet, my mom tried to get me too since for one, my mental health is shit and two, i need to pull myself together and mature more.however i almost have a few times. one time being because i was going about to go to a psych ward, i never ended up doing either obviously. i cannot bring myself to break up with him, i feel bad. we both have bipolar so i feel like i am being dramatic and i should just try to understand him but i cannot. it all hurts so much. i am worried ill be jealous, hell talk behind my back or ill regret it. i now it all sounds so stupid, but i am really struggling nobody loves ne
to put some context i have been though some things in my life that i will probably explain in another post, just a little summary, when i was kid i was nearly raped by my cousin, i never told to my family, i grew up with some anxiety, my parents were a bit strict with me like physically harm me and saying things like i am stupid and that kind of things when i was a child, i now understand why and that is because my mother also had some mental issues that now she cured and we have a good relationship , i think when i was like 10 i started thinking on suicide when i was sad, and at some time when i was 13 to 15 yo i started self harming me to mitigate those thoughts, i left it when i was 16 but sometimes the suicide thought came to my mind. i studied college and i still had that thoughts, i started dating a girl when i was 20 and everything okay but when whenever we got a fight the same thoughts just appeared. now i am 25, i will be moving to another country because i will start my graduate studies, i still have my girlfriend but i still have suicide thoughts. my family and i are in good terms and we are close but i still think about suicide when i am sad. it is like my mind just imagines a place where i am happy, where i do not feel like these like another live and my mind it is like oh yeah if we suicide we can probably get there!. despite of the fact that i am actually happy with whatever i am doing, i feel a lot of pressure but i think i am happy but i still get these times that i think on suicide. once i tried to get some help with a psychiatrist and on the first session he wanted me to take lithium and i was like no wtf, lithium causes so much harm and that is something that psychiatrist used to give a lot to patients. i just wanted to vent my situation, any good advice or just a comment is well recieved, i hope you all good. whenever i am sad i think of suicide
it is going to get real, if you cannot handle it best to stop reading now. if you are still here, thank you for taking the time to hear my story. i have had success lived in the limelight and experienced the fortunes of being the best, or at least 197th out of 16 million. following a passion so deep, that i gave myself wholly to it, now feeling like a she will. many great things came from my success, namely respect, knowledge, and power. i have made friends, and lost some in ways i am not proud of. those who were there for me in the beginning now look at me as a model to challenge to test themselves. can i do this better than him? how does he approach this situation? what tools does he keep at his disposal? the constant analysis is not only breaking down my habits, but it is also breaking me down. my success at an early age 22m currently btw has isolated me from my peers and every attempt in the past 6 years has lead to heartbreak and numbness. i am being pitiful and spoiled, but, even as the robot i am, i have a breaking point. each day i wake up and it is always look how beautiful today is! cannot you just feel how warm the sun is on your skin? look how blue the skies are or how cute that family of ducks over there is! but every night its 2 hours down the interstate in pitch black not being able to see 20 feet infront of me. melodramatic. it is at this point i ask, what is the point of trudging on if i am never going to reach that 0.01 again, or find someone or something that i can grow with and it with me? i just need this these thoughts, this negativity, this emptiness out of my system. i am proud of what i have accomplished, and who i am because of it. i have a luxury that some people go their entire lives without experiencing, and i am greatful for the opportunity. i feel like i have accomplished what i have been set here to do, so now what? it is a minefield
wife is divorcing me. 2nd time actually, but this time it does not look like she is going to change her mind. i suffer from clinical depression. she saw it coming back i know. i fell into familiar patterns of bad choices and behavior. worst part is we have a child together. i would tell her i should have killed myself when he was too young to form an attachment to me. feelings of worthlessness just ruminating in my head. would be the ultimate selfish move on my part to do it now, to have my son have to live with that. but it does not stop the thoughts of wanting to kill myself. woman i thought was my soulmate having enough. saw too much of the worst in me she says. does not want a life of ups and downs. tired of waiting for me to be the man she thought i was or could be. just too many little things she says. i turned to the bible as of late. she is christian ironically, but i never was. cannot live with this guilt and the fact that i pushed her away for the final time. no more chances. still holding onto hope i guess that by some divine miracle she will change her mind. unharden her heart. have it in my head that ill stick around until she finds someone else suitable to be a good father for my kid. someone to take care of her like i failed to take care of her. at that point i do not know. cannot live my life watching the love of my life with someone else. someone else to provide her the life i could not. do not want to because suffering to my child either. hes still young, probably would not remember me. but i do not know if i can because him that kind of future psychological harm. destined to suffer forever i guess. thought maybe i could make it look like an accident. a tragic death. less of a burden to live with if your father died in a tragic accident instead of killing himself. a life taken too soon. wish god would answer my prayers. selfish suicidal thoughts
a week or so ago i had an issue with an online friend long story short i sent a picture of something and he went if i was there i could take good pictures of you and i was like what?? lol and then this idiot starts going on a fuking rant like did you think i meant i wanted to go there to do horny things with you? maybe you have a problem for thinking perv thugs all the time. you are a pervert literally our of nowhere? i mean if you ask me that is a clear indicator that maybe hes a f king pedo? for bringing the matter of s x out of nowhere? so i block him and all, which was pretty sad because wed been friends for a long time now but i am the type that does not take any chances while forming friendships online. plus this thing of him making horny jokes 24 7 got annoying.the thing is we are both suicidal but he seems to act like its edgy or something... i know its not up to me to judge him so i will not say much more. basically he just goes and says shit he sees in anime like my core is hollow... the beauty in life is that there is no meaning... we must go on which i am like .... ok cool but fuking cringe? if you do not find this cringy then to each their own opinion, i will not judge you, perhaps its just that i am not the right person to be around him.but then he goes and tries to reach me on every platform that we have including a game chat after realizing i blocked him. when i finally let him say what he had to say he goes on another i am here for you... you are the only one in my life that i really care about which sounds like a load of bullsh t to me? regardless if i off myself or not why tf does it concern you? he thinks suicide is an aesthetic or what? i do not want to deal with these petty fights over online friends at 18 years old. yeah i am going to fight my shit mental health without this cringe shit over and over. rant from blocking an old friend online
this is a throwaway account and i am a teenager so please, ignore the edgy username.when you think about it, life is meaningless. we were born in a universe billions of years old theoretically and, will exist for trillions of more. it is literally impossible for us to determine its vastness everything living in it currently to out knowledge, just earthlings are mere chuck on molecules and chemical reactions that are keeping us alive. the very act of thinking is fundamentally just a chemical reaction a electronic charge in our brain.of course, if the universe has a meaning or not has nothing to do with our individual meaning and enjoyment of life, which brings me to my problem. for the last 5 years i fell into the hole of nihilism.we have found comfort many concepts and ideology, such as religion or family, friends and our loved ones. some believe that the existence of life is in itself, worth living. for me, those concepts arrive at dead end whenever i question it further. it becomes irrelevant. the idea of good or evil, true or false becomes nothing. i think everybody, deep down understands this fact chooses to ignore it from the existential horror and anxiety it brings. personally, these artificial constructs has no effect on the reality that we all face the reality i feel.look at how far we have came. the economical, scientifical and technological advancement we has made that allowed us to connect through digitally. yet, what is the point, really? reality is when you die nothing will exist any longer. if you try to give death a mathematical equation, it will be 0 infinity. no time has passed but every time there will be has passes as well. it is like an escape to the inescapable curse that is nihilism. once you see it you can never unsee it.i do not understand why i do not want to die, yet wants to die so badly. i do not even know what to write on the title.
26f. outwardly, i am completely fine. great job with upward mobility, homeowner, supposed to get married in october to a man who truly loves and supports me and is my childhood best friend, and i love him so much. inside, i cannot go an hour without thinking about how much i want to die. i suffer from horrible ocd and anxiety. i have habits that i have to do to keep my family members from dying. i used to randomly text people at 3am to see if they were okay. i am basically just always waiting for something bad to happen, and i was barely sleeping for years. i think i was running on a high from all my anxiety for a long time because i never was depressed. suddenly, all i want to do is stop being anxious, and i think the only way is to die. i sleep a lot to keep from feeling anxiety. i take naps in the middle of the workday when i used to be a workhorse. i am so, so tired of this. i try to talk to my therapist, and she agrees i am tired but does not think i am really suicidal. if i try to talk to someone in my family who is kind of falling out and fighting a lot about it, they say i feel sad sometimes too or you have to let things roll off instead of taking me seriously. my fianc is very concerned and wants me to maybe go inpatient but i do not want to i went once as a teenager for ocd and it was awful. clearly nothing will ever help me. family, therapy, in patient, literally getting married. i have even tried picking up a hobby. i would just feel horrible leaving my fianc alone. that is the only thing that stops me. i used to have my nephews and nieces to think about, but ever since my family started falling out i do not even really have that. i am honestly just rambling at this point and i have no idea why. i am always just rambling about stupid shit which is probably why no one gives a shit when i say i am suicidal. i do not know why doing lifes so hard for me
i feel awful inside and out. i have been depressed since i was a child. its absolutely fucking exhausting. i am a single mom now so i am stuck. every time i think of a way to end it, i think about her and the fucking guilt is overwhelming. i have nothing. from the outside looking in, i appear as if i am doing okay. i own a business, my daughter is mostly happy, and ill post positive things on social media. i am actually fucking dying inside. my business has essentially bankrupted me. i have no fucking money. i am always trying to figure out how i am going to take care of my daughter, put gas in the borrowed car i drive because mine does not work anymore, and how i am going to eat. i am tired of living like this. the only thing keeping me from falling apart was my person but he and i have not been getting along and after a huge argument yesterday i know things will never be the same. i am absolutely heart broken and i feel like a failure. i slept in today thankfully my daughter did too . i took her to a park, used a gift card i had to get her food and a 5 toy. made sure she had a great day. we drew pictures and colored together. she had a great day. i am now in bed crying and she is with her grandmother. i just want to end it so fucking badly. i am so, so, so sad. i cannot stop crying. everything hurts. my face is swollen. i am on the fucking internet crying about my stupid fucking life. i feel so fucking pathetic. why cannot i just be okay? why is my brain like this? why am i like this? i try so fucking hard and get nowhere. i wish something would happen accidentally because i do not want to disappoint my daughter and have her live with the consequences of my actions if i end it, but i absolutely cannot live like this any longer. what the fuck do i even do? i am so fucking sad. how is it possible to live like this? how has my body not just stopped? what to do
i have been feeling so shitty for over a year now, i get suicidal thoughts everyday yet i am such a pussy. i have been struggling a lot with my gender and sexuality. i fucking hate school and i am starting college soon and i just know i cannot handle it. my parents are always on my back, i got really drunk one night and came out to my mum as bigender, i do not really know if i am but at the time it felt right, she freaked out and the next day both my parents were in my room screaming at me. my parents are divorced and i explicitly told my mum not to tell my dad. we do not get on and never have.they then got me tested for autism as apparently gender identity issues and autism are linked, regardless if they are got diagnosed but apparently i am really high functioning so it should not affect me much in life, they then blamed it all on that and we never spoke about it again. i am also pansexual but that last coming out ordeal has taught me my parents are not trustworthy or very supportive so fuck coming out again. i have been self harming for about 2 months now, i do not know wot it is about it but its the only time i feel anything. i have also been wanting to try girls clothes, i was born a guy and i have got no idea about my gender anymore but i know that i do like girls clothes however i have no way to get any, and my parents would definitely kick me out if i started wearing them. my friends are pretty supportive but i know they just do not get me, i do not blame them i do not either, it makes me feel so alone. the one positive as of late tho happened the other day when i was coming home from being out with my friends, i decided to run home instead of getting the bus, it was pitch black and i was just blasting my music and it actually felt pretty good. anyway this was more of a rant i just really do not know wot tf to do i do not even know what to do anymore
i am really tired like reallyyyyyyy tired of going to sleep every night at 4am and waking up at 6 or 7 and spending the whole day thinking about one person. every single day suiside is on my mind and when i met my best friend my life shifted but idk if it was for the better or the worse. i love him so fucking much and do not want to see him lose it he is my world and i appreciate evey word he says to me but i am not sure if i can hang on any longer or make it to 16. people have different ways on seeing things and my way of seeing our friendship is that yeah now is strange one we are laughing and doing everything right, then stage 2 we start to drift bc things like this do not last forever. stage 3 we have pretty much forgotten about each other and we just say our final goodbye and wish each other the best, i have a bad habit of thinking of the depressing things and one that i always think about is saying goodbye to them. i am sick of having to stay alive it sucks big time and i have given up on my dreams and beliefs and even my future i never asked to be here i hate it here the only thing i like about this place is the dark not like the opposite of light i mean the darkness inside of people the dark that you cannot eliminate the dark that people declared insane crave. i like feeling this way most of the time but sometimes when it gets like this i do not bc ik that if i die someone else will to probably. i think i might do it someday this week bc i will be alone almost always and before anyone is like no stop do not do it ha i am done what people say okay if someone is coming with me its there choice not mine yes i love them and told them not to do anything if i go but i now would like to say that from rn 2 05am i do not give a fuck anymore if i am going to do it i am going to do it nothing will change that. good day all good things come to an end eventually
i do not even know what to write here or where to start..excuse for my english proficiency as its not my first language.for the past 5 years i had toxic parents and i have been in toxic relationships. my way of thinking about life, my will and reasoning were drastic and still are. the way i dealt with deppresion were drugs, cutting my wrist, risking life while walking on the edge of a building. a few years ago i tried to drown myself underneath the ice, hoping that i would not find the exit if i decided to live as i was almost drowning i found fisherman's hole through which i was able to break through and survive i would not call myself dumb as i have created a few businesses which failed eventually as i did not invest enough time and money and now work as a programmer in a company which pays me good, but i failed my native language exams. i will not get my diploma and i will not enroll in the university. my mom recently went into psychosis which is not getting better. it is really hard to decide how i feel about that as i hated her most of my life, but we had our moments. my dad seems depressed too, i have two younger sisters and it is really hard to see him and i struggle to take care of them. i keep failing my driving exams. when taking them i start to feel really anxious and just stop the exam as my clutch leg starts ticking uncontrollably.i cannot stop thinking about suicide and my morality about it. i know that i have to support the family, live for my friends too, but it just overwhelms me.now at nights i just drug myself until i pass out while listening to music and it is the only way i can keep my thoughts away from suicide. i have tried a few psychologist, they did not really help me. i do not know what to do. it is so hard to stay alive.i just wanted to, i dunno, share my pain or just talk to someone. i am trying to help myself. i am loosing it
i am 17 i just graduated hs and i hate life rn. i hate my parents so much, its unbelievable. i did extremely well in school ranked 3 in the class, i played sports, joined clubs, worked 2 jobs and volunteered, n at the end of it all it feels fucking worthless. my school district where i graduated from is small, and the majority of the students are white. the minority hispanic population was not in any of the honors classes i took, and the white kids had already been friends since their parents went to the same school. even though i tried to fit into certain groups of people and went to events, showed up happy and ready, i never really seemed to stick onto a group of people. most of the time, i was just studying. now that school is over, i have to deal with my insufferable parents. my mom pretends she is white, so she will not let me wear the style of clothes i like and makes me dress like a 60 year old golfer. my dad is a control freak who calls me lazy and fat all the time. it rlly sucks to feel unwanted all the time. i just came to terms with the fact that i am bisexual, i tried some dating apps and tried to meet new people but it only made myself feel worse about my body and who i am. i felt used after a few incidents. now, i am trying to workout and go to the gym. my dad will not let me go myself and will not sign the waiver saying i am allowed to go, he wants to come with me. it makes me feel like i cannot be myself when i around my parents. i feel like i want to cry all the time. i know that it may seem stupid but i really try to be sarong person, sometimes i just feel so alone and with no place to turn to. i can feel the 1 friend that i have had since 4th grade distancing herself from me, saying that she is busy all the time but hanging out with others. idk what to do, and i get that feeling sometimes like i do not want to live anymore hate life rn
how do you combat anger? disgust? rage? sadness? i am only fifteen. my mother drives me crazy. she makes me want to kill myself, which may be her goal in the end criticizing every move i make. my siblings are the opposite of me, judge mental, rude, yet so so fake. when i am in public with my mom, she masks her behavior really well. i am contemplating suicide in the future as everybodys judgements have gotten the best of me. every move i make, i doubt myself because of them, or question what i am doing. which i have never done before, and have always been pretty confident when making decisions thinking for myself. how would you stand up for yourself in my situation? i have always been closed off, afraid to say what is really on my mind. i am not necessarily sensitive to criticism but their judgements about my appearance and whatnot have gotten the best of me. i do not connect well with most of my family, even my fathers side now, so why should i force myself to get along with people who treat me with ultimate disrespect? they are very driven by materialistic things and get overly excited about certain things items they have gotten to touch up their appearance. i am not sure why my family has such an issue with me, slandering my name which used to get nothing but praise. in the end, i am not going to mask my personality for ones pleasure. i absolutely despise their behavior. they are disconnected from reality, nature, etc. and more connected with superstitions, mainstream media, popular opinions, and appearance. escaping this enclosed environment by walking has helped with stress levels, but if anybody has other tips they would be greatly appreciated. p.s. not as if i care so much about politics, but the deranged radical leftist mentality has definitely contributed to their biased viewpoints about current events, which drives me nuts. anger, rage, disgust.
two nights ago i had a horrible mental breakdown. i cried until i had a headache, i had two panic attacks and almost passed out, and i confessed to my mum that i wanted to kill myself. after talking to her, i thought i was getting help. my mum told me that she would help me get an appointment with my therapist i lost her contact info because my phone had to be reset . she was supposed to help me get an appointment today. she forgot. again. i was fully prepared to go to the hospital and get checked into the psych ward honestly, locking me in there is the only thing that will stop me from killing myself . but that never happened. i do not know how i always fall for this shit. i am promised i will get help. when i am promised this help, i am happy and hopeful. maybe this time ill finally get help. maybe ill finally be able to feel better. but once the promises are broken and nothing is done, i feel sad and angry. i feel alone. i feel like nobody cares. i feel all alone in this battle that i have been fighting for almost a decade. i am done asking for help. i always ask for it, but help is not given to me. fuck it, i might just walk to the hospital it takes around an hour to walk there and check myself in. maybe then they will see how bad i need help. but i doubt it. they always help my sister more than they help me. and i hate to say it, but i resent my parents for that. i need help too. one time my dad and i were driving to mcdonalds. we were talking, and he told me that him and my mum were not as worried about me as they were worried about my sister. what they do not know is that i have been planning to kill myself for months. and i am starting to prepare to take my own life. i know how ill do it. and ill probably do it in a few days or weeks. i am just so tired of not getting help. maybe someone will listen now. why the fuck do i always fall for this?
cannot even muster the energy to deliver my rant. which is actually just a series of observations about the realities of living in modern society, feeling unfulfilled with the progression of life, and the brutal ways people treat each other in the name of profit. the same observations i have been making since i was twelve years old. but i guess i do not really need to do that here, we all know more or less exactly the way each of us feels about how life works, it is why we congregate in places like these. people think we are looking for advice, or sympathy, a shoulder to cry on. in some cases that is true but when we have reached the end of what we think we can endure and we are sitting in front of our screen holding a bottle of pills, or that length of rope we have been tying over and over to get just right would not want it to fail when we need it most we know that noone has the words to give us to make it better. that magical set of words that will fit in a character limited text box, and will wipe away all the sorrows and pains of our lives. the miraculous advice given by a stranger that knows nothing of the specifics of our hardships, that will rejuvenate us and show us a new light that will guide us in life. no. we came here for ourselves. our last ditch effort, our last vestige of hope that by sharing our stories and our plans and our pains, we can gain the clarity and strength we need to keep struggling through these trials. or that with the commiseration of those that see the world the way it truly is, we will finally find the courage to end them. i hope you discover, in the process of releasing yourself, the will that you need to keep on fighting for your life. reposted but i just do not know what else i can offer to help this sea of drowning people the sad truth is there is nothing that i can say to help with your problems, or my own.
lately i have been feeling very listless and like an absolute failure in every department. i am a survivor of child abuse and i thought after escaping that, the remnants of my family would be okay and we would be fine and that was the last big battle i had to fight.. i went to college like i was told to. it was fine, but i got a useless degree german . i got my masters in teaching but it has been impossible to find a district teaching job. student loan payments are coming due and i already barely squeak by on my meager charter school salary of 36k. sadly, this is not all that is wrong. i am fat and have struggled with bulimia and body dysmorphia. not to mention having a million acne scars all over my body. no one has ever loved me more than a one night stand. i am probably the ugliest person alive. in the gay community i am the picture of repulsive. i do not blame anyone but myself. the ptsd nightmares never stop. i am the only one in my family who is not with a long term partner. i want kids so bad but i am getting too old i am 27 . i do not want to become a parent when i am too old. i have tried everything to lose weight and nothing works. i have arthritis so working out is so hard, plus i am so shy that i am mortified of people looking at me while exercising.everything is going wrong, i am so poor, and fat, and ugly that it just really feels like there is no point. i have to take so much medicine to keep my mental health from crippling me, and it makes me feel like i am nothing more than damaged goods. i just feel like such a burden to everyone and everything and i really do just feel like it would be best if i spared everyone from dealing with my worthless self. because of my obesity i will probably die young anyway. i just want to find a way to make it look accidental, to spare my family a bit. i am sorry this is long i do not know
so i had an okay day today. but of course that did not last when does it ever? i got in a fight with my mom as usual. every time we fight i feel a little of myself die inside. now there is basically nothing left of me. i noticed since i have become suicidal that i think about life a lot. like not just what i want to do, and how i want to live that is if i do not off myself first lol but like in a bigger sense like why are we humans here? what is the point of us existing. basically i have become very existential. so as i think of life as a whole everything really seems empty and pointless. like even if i lived my idea of a perfect life i think id still feel empty inside because what is the point of anything really?i feel like this is not something you can even tell someone in real life because they will think you are suicidal. which i am i know but when i become existential and think of mankind as a whole and all that i am not suicidal. like its a different feeling then when i want to die because my life sucks and when i am existential i just do not want to exist on this plane of existence because like what is the point. do you get what i am saying!?anyway i feel like this is not something humans are supposed to think about. like if you say you do not want to exist because what is the point people will tell you your suicidal and that is wrong to want to die. but why should not i want to not kill myself? why if i see how meaningless and small life is and do not want to be involved in it its wrong and i am supposed to seek help. then after i get help and get fixed and do not want to not exist anymore i am back in the endless cycle of pointless life. like what is so wrong if wanting to opt out of this world? anyway i hope this makes sense i am tried its late my souls broken and battered. i just really needed to vent. just a little rambling
this is my suicide letter... i am broke, i have no job, no money, no hope, no prospects... i injured my foot so i can no longer stand for long periods of time and that will take hundreds of job ops off the table. i have not had running water in a year, my apartment is filling up with garbage that i cannot throw away because i do not have enough space in the can outside, it gets too much, too fast... i have no friends or family who care, my grandmother and her family have abandoned me long ago, my parents are dead, and my mothers family blocked me after my mom died.i live in hell, a constant unbearable hell that nothing will ever fix, i have been hopeless for the last two years, i have struggled to change this, to get any help, but nothing, i cannot get mental health help because i do not have insurance, i cannot get a job because i am just disabled enough to not be able to join the work force, i could try for disability, but people tell me it takes months and you could end up getting rejected.everything i do fails, writing, art, offering commissions, starting a patreon, even nsfw options fail, nothing works, nothing helps, my house is a monument to trash and mold, my bathtub filled with the water bottles i spend almost all my fucking money on to have drinking water, i do not have gas in my house either and by winter, i will repeat last year and freeze every single night. i cannot do this anymore, i have nothing and no one. to a, you could have helped me and you fucking watched me have breakdown after breakdown and then try to gaslight me, you could have looked for work, you could have done anything, but you did not feel like it... to c, i am so sorry, but i am always going to be a failure and you deserve better than that. to m, he molested me as a child btw i do not want to end it but i have no choice, there is no hope left in my life
this is a tough world. i know how many have it harder than me. i am a social worker with a master's degree. i did everything right, but did a lot wrong too. i am human. i struggle with my faith. i never had a great relationship with my family. i am not here to cry fuck the world, it is all bad . i mean i genuinely feel like i do not belong here. my mom died when i was 17, and one of my best friends died at 23. we planned a whole future together and it is gone now. i accept death. i accept inequitable suffering.i am having a hard time coping with life. i feel like i never coped with it well. i take great care of myself otherwise i have good relationships, daily excercise, i am in great physical shape. i was never fired from a job. nothing i have done has ever been enough. i am always filled with sadness and lately, bad anxiety. irregardless of my achievements the future seems bleak because of climate change, student loans, high rent, and low paying jobs. sometimes i am afraid of dying because i was indoctrinated into the catholic faith of eternal damnnation and suffering. this has been a source of lifelong anxiety that has run my life. i do my best to think objectively and to be always kind, meaningful, and humble. it is a tough life. my parents do not believe in suicidal thoughts or mental health. i am sad and tired every day. i am not selfish, i do not take my health or life or anything of my privileges for granted. i do not. i always wished i could die in a field nature center i care deeply for. i always wanted to leave a loving and kind mark on the world. i am not angry. but i am a lost soul. i feel my best in nature and the society i am in has done a great job at destroying the integrity of natural life. i do not belong here. i suppose none of us really do. mid 20s and need to vent. thank you for any kindness or words of wisdom.
i have suffered with depression anxiety since probably middle school due to bullying, but mostly family but i moved out from the abusive house with my mom and her bf in 2018, but i will have to move back in a month. since moving out i felt like my mental health increased greatly and i did not have to live life in fear. of course my father has his own issues, but it is so much better dealing with his narcissism than my mom and her bf's abuse. ever since i learned i will have to move back i have given up on life.when i do move back i will probably use one of the guns her bf has in the house to kill myself. i cannot live in that house again and suffer everyday. i fantasize about killing myself every passing second. i have thought of trying to get help, but i just cannot afford it as a 20 year old who is unemployed. i tried to have a retail job before but felt extremely overwhelmed from my anxiety that i quit and wanted to focus on college.my mom knew i cut myself in high school, and she just laughed at me and asked why and did not care at all. she also knew i starved myself everyday as well. she constantly tells me others have it worse and i am overdramatic, so i could not get help if i wanted to. hell, when i was 10 she told me to kill myself which i put a plastic bag over my head and tried to do as she said. and at the time we lived with her step mom who complained about the noise and beat me with wood spoon for crying during that whole ordeal. when i say no one would care, i honestly mean that. i am just done. at the end of july when i have to move, i hope my plan of killing myself succeeds. i have been trying to keep living for so long, but i am just so tired of it because nothing has improved. i keep hearing how it gets better, but life has been shit from age 7, and at age 20 life has not improved i do not know what to do anymore
i guess this is less about suicide and more about using self harm to hold myself from committing suicide, but suicide is on my mind too because it seems like that is the only way i could honestly get out of this situation. basically i work in retail but we are almost always short staffed so they have come to depend on me for certain things. however this had taken a toll on my mental health i was already prone to depression and suicidal thoughts, but i thought i learned to manage them before taking this job . back in december, i began cutting, something i had never done before that point. i was able to stop myself in february and told myself i would work for 6 more months and then quit for the sake of my sanity. however in june, the store lost 3 workers who were considered very reliable and in this week, we lost 3 more. it is a dog job so i do not blame them, but because they are leaving, the management puts more on me. in these last few shifts, i have felt like i am on the verge of a breakdown. i am not even being paid 10 an hour. i am always sore and stiff from standing bent over for 9 hours processing product in a stockroom . and customer service is self explanatory. it is draining and lately i have been feeling like the only way i keep going without killing myself is to cut myself. my family agrees that i should quit and move on. however it is hard for me to approach any of management about it because i know they will try to negotiate with me i am one of two associates who have been there for more than a year the rest are all new with the oldest being two months or try to guilt trip me, which could make the final two weeks awkward. and i do not think it is smart to say 'this job is making me self harm suicidal'. i just do not know how to power through this situation without physically hurting myself. feeling trapped at job
so where do i start i went to kill myself last week and i got took to this temporary accommodation because my mom said she could not keep me safe with carers thinking they are helping me but in reality its full of undercover police trying to build a case on me for something i am not even going to say what i know they think i have done but questions like why this building what happened on the day did you write a note etc and i have added it up to what they think i tried to do i have autism i talk to much and i have incriminated myself, i know what charges ill be facing if you all can add it up i speak too much my mental health is fucked i hear things i have bpd, autism and agoraphobia i am getting special treatment here and i have only just realised what they think my intentions were that day. i am not going to day the word but if you can all work out what they think i tried to do then you know,yes i understand what it looks like but instead of trying to help me they have tried to incriminate me, my family have no idea what is going on with me either, i feel so lost in this world bullied by the system and now i am probably going to be facing some serious charges because i tried to take my own life, yes i know what it looks like going to a specific building with no suicide note looks abit fishy to the authorities, but i have only just realised that this is fucked!i am not a bad person and i know that but i cannot go from here they say its for my mental health but i know they are building a case.bro i tried taking my life the other day got rushed to the best hospital in the city got treated within 5 mins like i am somebody they want to keep alive it do not work like that here in england especially with the state the nhs is inim so scared fuck the system been set up by undercover police after my suicide attempt fuck the system !
i have read many posts here, but nothing felt quite relatable. yeah, i had some things happen to me in the past, child neglect, early passing of parent, raped as a kid and again as a teen, but i do not want to put an end of my life because of this, as i genuinely do not care. heck, i could be abused tomorrow and would not care. things that should be traumatic to me are not, memories do not haunt me nothing at all. i do not want to die because i hate myself, or because my life is miserable. i do not like myself or love my life either, but these things do not make me suicidal. i am not sad, i am just lazy af to do anything. i am quite on a successful way when it comes to wealth and education, but i just do not see the point of it all. there is no purpose, i do not have a reason to live, i am only making excuses to not die. i do not have a goal, because i do not feel like working towards one. i am just too lazy to do anything at all. i do not want to be important or significant, because it requires too much energy. idk, its hard to explain but i see life as a game. people like to play a game because of the achievements, ranks, status, goals etc. but i am too lazy to even open it. life is just meaningless to me, and people have told me do things that make you happy, look for a meaning, but they do not realize, that it feels like such a chore, i am already too unmotivated to look for a purpose. i want to die, because life is such a waste of time and energy. happy moments are temporary, but happy moments i am going to do not make me want to live. there is just no reason to be here, friends and family, they can deal with death, i already quite distanced myself from them, yeah they will be sad, but they are strong enough to get up and live. not that you may have reached the end, what gets you out of bed? because there is no purpose
people talk about life having meaning as a wonderful thing, but i see it as an idiotic concept that is perpetuated by the most idiotic and unaware people. these people cannot get around the fact that life has no meaning, so they not only feel like they have to lie to themselves, but also lie to everyone else in order to make them believe their absurdity so they will verify their own views on human existence.the ideologies that center around human life having cosmic meaning are built on lies upon lies. meaning is not brought upon a person the moment they are born, unlike what some people might want you to believe. the moment you are born, your life has just as much meaning as a rock or a pile of dirt, because everything in the universe is just piles of matter from the moment they come into existence to the moment they are destroyed.consciousness is the only difference between living matter and inanimate matter. but being conscious does not change the fact that our existence is meaningless, it only means that we have the ability to comprehend our meaningless existence.all of our abilities, accomplishments, goals, and dreams do not change the fact that our lives are meaningless. it does not matter what we do with our lives to try and prove our worth as humans, none of that causes our existence to have meaning. we could invent lightspeed space travel, immortality, or even time travel and that still will not make us anything more than meaningless creatures that have accomplished extraordinary things.no matter how it makes us feel, humans, along with all other living creatures, are just things things that just so happen to be conscious, but things none the less and no matter how hard we try to not think about it, this is a fact of life that cannot be changed with lies and idealistic thinking. life having meaning is a horrible lie
i am back in the hole again. maybe not as deep, but i am still in it. in the past two weeks, i have thought about suicide more than i have in the past few months. not committing it, but the act itself. i used to think about doing it a lot. the closest thing i got to harming myself was scratching my arm heavily with a mechanical pencil. once did it in school. i am recently 17, male. i am a pretty lonely guy, i reckon. my phone is practically mute, no girl has ever laid their eye on me, and i have been treated pretty shitty by a lot of people my age. i have a few friends, not a whole lot, but a few. i see a therapist.the friend group i am in currently came to me in may, and it seemed like salvation. i thought that they were going to be my second coming my redemption arc. and, for a time, that was true. they are great. we go out, all that jazz, but recently, those same feelings of inadequacy and loneliness that used to fill my life have been creeping in day by day. when i am not around family, the people i see all day, every day, all i want to do is think about these things or numb my mind with movies and books.i am an aspiring screenwriter, and all i write about are these feelings.all i can think now, really, is now what? what do i do with my life? get a girl, of course. but, wait. no girl has ever liked me. i have never had a kiss. i have been made fun of. i am a fucking failure. get a job? tried. the application was refused. still looking. i know that when i do get a job, it still will not fill that hole in my life with the one million dollar question.now what?my fascination with suicide continues. my obsessiveness over getting a girl, my grief, goes on, as well. i am just not satisfied with my life. i feel like with each day i fall down into the hole that once consumed me for months on end more and more. it is coming back.
for the past three years i have been alone working. working out, studying, maintaining relationships, staying alive, planning my future. i have done it all alone. of course there were people in my life who did some forms of help, but i always have to clean up after there mess. its been three fucking years and i still have not have time for rest. i know this is like it for everyone but i just really cannot push myself to care anymore. my family pretends as if they know what is best for me and constantly pushes me over to follow their directions. every time they fuck me over, first they want me to go to elite schools knowing the racial climate in those areas. they then act as if i had them do all the work and use my accomplishments to brag to their shitty friends. when not in public they berate me with insults calling me lazy, selfish, idiotic, disappointing. if i do something not on their terms then they act as if i personally hurt them. i remember in third grade i had gotten a c in some stupid class, my mother told me to my face that if i was born white she would have happily chosen them to be their son. my dad watched her say that, but he never denied it. i was never a person to them, only luggage. i fear that its becoming that way with my friends too. when we would call and talk they all seem uninterested when i am around. my best friend even just leaves to talk with other people when i become boring. i hate myself. i cannot even talk to people anymore. i just want my friends again. i do not want to be alone anymore. this year ill be a senior in a new high school. if i kill myself no one would even remember my name. every friend i have had would forget about me when they become adults. i do not know what to do anymore. is there even a point to continue living when no one even gives a shit about me? should i kill myself?
i am so fucking tried. every time i think i might be having a moderately better day the world just comes and knocks me down about 1000 pegs. i have been working overtime so i have enough money to come out to my parents as trans and not have to worry about their financial support. i got a really decent paycheck last week and i was so excited about it. i was having a good time with my friends this weekend, thinking about the slightly less shitty apartments i could apply too and the laptop i could finally afford to buy and use for jobs i actually like. i had a day off tomorrow that would have been my first day off without any other commitments in a while. i was even kind of thinking about coming out to my dad this weekend. then my motherfucking paycheck motherfucking bounced. i lost all of that progress in seconds because my dumb cunt shady boss cannot keep his fucking shit together. and my bank charged me a fee for it on top of that. i am fucked, i am stuck, there is no digging my way out of this hole. every slight bit of progress gets wiped away by each new days bullshit. i am so exhausted. i have been deterred in the past because i do not have access to a clean method of suicide and i do not want to go out in a way that inflicts collateral damage on others, but i cannot fucking do this for another day, much less years. i know logically this pain is temporary but i am not strong enough to wait it out. i cannot fucking last another day stuck in a broken, mismatched body living a life that i am too weak and stupid to cope with. every time i get a little bit of hope its inevitably crushed in ways more painful than ever before and i am so fucking tired of putting myself through that. even if my suicide is painful or messy or even prolonged, at least its a fucking end. i do not care if it gets better, the wait is not worth it.
i am 16. i failed 10th grade because of struggling with online school and now i am on probation for truancy for 6 months. that really is not that big of an issue for me because i can pass the drug tests and i am a mostly behaved kid. my parents are divorced and they do not get along at all. i see my dad maybe 2 3 times a month and its only ever for a few hours. he beat me once when i was young and i had a horrible stepmom who neglected me and verbally abused me for years. he never got in trouble as my mom did not press charges but that and my stepmom basically ruined our relationship. i have a girlfriend with severe depression and anxiety issues. i will not go into specifics for her sake but ill just say her alcoholic father caused a lot of her trauma. this girl means the world to me and i want her for as long as i am alive but i just do not know anymore. she smokes weed and vapes and it kills me to watch it. i always try to convince her to stop but she says you know what you signed up for. when i try to talk about it she makes me out as the bad guy every time. it genuinely crushes me like nothing else. all but 1 of her friends are what id consider addicted to weed and nicotine and they are horrible influences. i try to tell her she needs deserves better friends and then she calls me controlling. i truly am not controlling i just want the best for her. her mom and i have discussed it and she agrees with me. idk it just feels like i am trapped but do not want to escape. i just got my first job at kohls and i get paid 10 hour more than minimum wage so i feel like i should be happy but honestly i just do not care. i feel like my life is just running on repeat. same bs day after day and i am so tired. i do not have the guts to end my life but i just want it to stop. i feel lost and alone and like nothings worth it anymore
if you are reading this and you are having sad thoughts stop reading. for anyone else reading this is there an easy way to kill yourself. like a way were it will not hurt and no one will be sad you are dead. i cannot keep looking at my ceiling for any more years. my hair grows long and gets tangled from laying in bed. i cannot keep getting text and calls from people who care about me asking if there is anything they can do. they keep trying over and over its bin years and i still cannot confidently tell them i am ok. i am sad i am heart broken i am wasted and used and destroyed mentally and physically. i am only alive because people feed me and i do not want to see them cry. i am tired. i sleep and i sleep everyday i force myself to sleep so i do not have to deal with my thoughts of how much i hate myself and how my heart hurts. i cannot think for more than a few minutes before something triggers me and i can only force myself to sleep to forget. i am tired of sleeping i just wish i could sleep and wake up in the future and hopefully everything will be better hopefully ill be with someone who is nice to me and wants to hug me. and ill have kids i can care for and watch grow. my family will be happy seeing me happy and ill be with someone who cares about me. i do not think i can make a future like this so i can only fantasize and dream about it to calm myself down. sometimes i wish i could have the strength to kill myself so the dream never ends. i can stay somewhere were everyone is happy around me and i can hug them and keep them all safe and never let them go. i am just so tired my body feels so weak and my heart is just crying. there is bin 2 things in the past 4 years to get me out of bed. and one of them is gone. and i think about it and it makes me shut down completely. sorry for typing a lot i am just tired hi
so, i am 19, and i have had thoughts about killing myself roughly since i was 12 13.i never got medicated because my mom thinks mental disorders including, according to her, autism and adhd only come from trauma and she does not think anything that bad ever happened to me, and she is been pretty much the voice of my health since my dad is more of a hands off, men do not talk about feelings type, but with a sense of humor.in any case, it started just as periods of ennui that would usually be over if i went to sleep or if i found something that could keep me distracted long enough. eventually, this developed into thinking about throwing myself off of tall things, or laying in front of speeding cars, or so on.thanks to corona, me entering and exiting a relationship with someone that turned out to also be suicidal and with a fondness of using me as their therapist despite the fact they already had a therapist and most recently a really big argument with my mom regarding college and, you know, all of my forseeable future in which she decreed that i was a lazy, useless fuck, i have not been doing so hot lately.and my dad's usual brand of advice, which is make jokes about it until you think it is funny has not been working, though it is a hard habit to kick in case this whole post felt a little sardonic to you.but something that has been helping was taking a shitty cutlery knife and cutting at my forearm.i know it is a bad fucking tactic for dealing with depression, on account of me not liking pain and bloodloss, but the knives are too shitty to do more than leave little marks on my skin, not even drawing blood. and the pain's worked to keep me grounded and not do anything more serious.so yeah, if anyone has any tips for what to do when self harm actually seems to help that would be awesome. i got a problem with self harm
i had rough couple of years. after my grandmother died, my mother kind of had a mental break and her abuse escalated. it was terrible for years, constant yelled and violence. my grandfather started drinking and fell deep in alcoholism. there was a lot of violence and drinking going on for a long time. we had no money. i lost all my friends. we eventually got kicked out and had to move. a year or so ago, we almost got evicted. it was the worse time of my life. today, everything is... okay, but i have lost all sense of self. i graduated a month or so ago. i got a job. i am going to college in a month. my mother's on meds, she is calmed down. but something within me is wrong, everyday i think about killing myself. it is not even a choice at this point, the thoughts just come to me. i think i am lonely. i could not sleep for awhile, the thoughts just creeped in. my new job has me nannying for a week at a time, i sleep there the entire week and come back to my mother's house for the weekend. i have been back one day and i am already going mad. while i was at work, i only felt this way once or twice just for the first day or so. i do not know why i feel this way when everything i have cried my self to sleep over as come. for the first time a long time i am okay, but i still want to just lay down and go away. i think about what i would write, if i would write anything. how they will find my body. whether or not, my grandfather will remember me. what questions the kids i work with will ask. i imagine myself as a memory. thoughts of me hurting myself just flood in. i used to be someone. i was so strong, i knew what i wanted. i had hope, but now my hope has gone. i do not know who i am anymore, i do not recognize the person in the mirror. this is the best my life has been in years, but i cannot help but want to end it all.
i really do not have any intention of living. i have been suffering since i was kid. my mother abandoned me and my sister and ran away with someone else. my father started drinking and our life turned into hell from heaven. he sent me to a hostel far away. i was so little it was too much for me to live in my own,,,,,the other guys were at least 4 5 years older than me they beat me some of them even did worse things to me i am ashamed to say . i spent 2 years in hell. then my father bought me back to home because i used to get ill very often i think i did not have to explain why and i joined highschool, it was a boys school. i was pale, weak and bullied in school. and same things happened there. they beat me, harassed me, also abused me. my school life gotten worst, i had to skip school so that i will not have to face those as holes. my family members said very bad things about me, even my dad that i am worst kid in the family, but no one tried to ask why i skipped school? why i do not like to go school? 5 years i spent in another hell. then i got admitted into college i thought my days of suffering have ended. but i do not think god wanted to let me live at ease. my father had a huge loss in business our financial condition got worst. he started drinking alcohol more and more. i have a sister she is getting spoiled, she do not listen to me. my grandma is also very sick. my father's physical condition is getting worse too. i still have not graduated yet. also it is lockdown i had to quit my job. i am in so much stress. i used to suffer from nightmares and it has started again so i am feeling pathetic. i want to die but i cannot because of my dad and my granny, they have suffered so much but also i cannot take it anymore.........i wish i wish i could die. i wish could disappear........ i am sick of my life.......
i have severely autistic children. i should not have had kids. it was selfish. completely. and now, their long term future is going to be awful. every day is noise. there is no break from the constant hum and screeching. i have gained a massive amount of weight since i had kids. if they are awake i cannot sit down for even a minute. cannot watch a show. can barely have a conversation. trying to work with them and teach them anything is a fucking nightmare..i have been homeschooling because of the pandemic and it is pulling teeth. my niece and nephew are a year older than my oldest and watching everything they can do.... the freedom their parents have... the way they can just be part of society has sucked my soul out.every program for autistic people is actually for level 1 asperger's. we were basically shunned out of a karate place and a haircutting place that said they worked with people on the spectrum. went to a birthday party one time and the stares and whispers were so much we just left. i would kill myself if not for the kids. but i could not do that to them. so, i guess i just keep... muddling through whatever this is. life?we have 0 support now that they are not in school. at this point i do not know when they will return. i want to keep them out until there are vaccines but i feel like i am losing my mind. i have seen how things are going to be when my oldest ages out of school. supports are so awful. i will have to quit any job i have at the time and be a full time caregiver. and keep doing it until i am basically dead and the state can finally help with a care worker. then i just hope they do not get abused. i feel like i am on the verge of a nervous breakdown. but i cannot stop because i am the one who takes care of them. i guess i go until i breakdown and hope for the best... lol the kids stop me.
i have been suicidal since i was 17. i was miserable. always drinking, self harming, never being honest with my family or friends and always unhappy. they all found out eventually because i had to stay at a psych ward for 2 weeks in 2017. fast forward to present day, i meet the most incredible human being ever. we worked together, and became friends. he understood me, asked questions about my feelings, stayed on the phone with me for hours late at night, until 5 or 6am some nights. when i was talking or hanging out with him, i had no worries and i was the happiest i have been since going to disneyland when i was a kid.only problem is, i started to fall in love. he is taken, so i kept it to myself. i tried to get over it and just be friends. sometimes it would be worth it and other times it would hurt but i stuck through the pain because he is too important to lose. i do not talk to my family or any other friends like that. i have tried. hes the only one i got besides my therapist. it got to be too much one night and i ended up confessing my feelings. he said we could still be friends. that was a week ago, and he will not reply to any of my texts or calls. i am torn between giving him space and trying to fix this but it seems like he just needs time. i have been doing everything i can to distract myself. i feel empty. i cannot do this without him. a part of me is missing. i have barely spoke since this happened. i drink all the time, smoking non stop. anything to make me forget that i might have just fucked up the best thing for me. i cannot stop thinking about all the memories we were going to share. i feel destroyed. i miss him so much. do not tell me ill find another friend one day because this friendship is different, its once in a lifetime. my best friend is not talking to me and i just want to rot away.
i will not lie, i put on a good poker face so that when people look at me it seems like my life is sunshine and rainbows. hell, i have even had people tell me that it seems like i live a fun life. i am young, fit, pretty successful for my age, and not an ugly looking person. underneath all of this, there is an insecure little boy that suffered from sexual assault as a child, severe bullying, had an eating disorder for 8 years, has mentally abusive parents has been in toxic relationships, and has panic anxiety attacks every night. i do not actually have any close friends despite having people that want to be friends with me. when i try to talk to people, it does not feel genuine or they have this expectation of me based on my image that does not reflect who i am as a person. its exhausting that people think i am a huge ball of fun energy and loves to party, that is not who i am at all. and when they find out how i actually am as a person, it sucks because i literally see them lose interest in me. my family raised me and distilled values of perfectionism and reputation to the point that they stripped me of any bit of originality. when i try to be myself around them, i get told i am being weird or what will people think about you. my own mother calls me ugly and points out the smallest imperfectionsi go on dates and people just want to have sex with me for my body, and when i want to develop an emotional connection i get blown off often times because the other side did not expect me to be as emotional as i am and it scares them. i feel like i have no one to be vulnerable with and it makes me feel so unbelievably lonely. the thing is, i do not think i have ever felt like i was not lonely. who am i living for? what am i even working so hard for? how did i even get this far? on the outside everything looks perfect
earlier yesterday, i heard my mother on the phone with a potential therapist of mine. getting to know her. not asking me to talk to her to see if i felt comfortable. for context, i said that i felt suicidal to a therapist and they told my school gt told my mom, had me sent home for the rest of the year. due to that, i cannot go back without getting cleared by a doctor because they do not want to deal with students with mental health issues. anyways, i have always been the third wheel in my own recovery. i never know what is happening with my medication, my status as a student at my school, or the therapists i might see. on the phone, my mom is trying to explain to the new therapist why i am feeling this way its because of covid, you know, all teenagers are depressed now.i do not think she fully understands the fact that i have been struggling with this for years. in middle school, i was lazy and not motivated to do anything at all. i constantly missed school and did poor with everything. sophomore year, before covid hit, i was seeing a therapist and breaking down every session because i really did not want to live with myself. i got a really bad ankle sprain, my social anxiety took over me and i did not eat for weeks. this is not new, but she is acting like it is. my close friend passed because of suicide and i think she magically wants me to realize that it is not the answer.i am in no way complaining about my mom trying to get help for me, but it feels like she is being forced to do it which she is . she constantly tells me, do you want them to kick you out of school? and prioritizes me being at the school i am over my mental health. all of this pressure to not say the wrong thing while i am meeting with the therapist only makes it harder to be alive, knowing i am disappointing so many people. invalidated
i think its time for me to pull the plug. i have been struggling with anxiety, depression, ptsd, and just overall sadness and darkness ever since i could remember. i first attempted when i was 8 tho i did not think it through at the time, and tried off and on ever few years. i would pull myself together for a short while only to collapse again, each being harder and more painful. i have so many addictions from antidepressants to pain medication to other drugs. my health is down the tube and i have no one else that will support me. i am all alone and i want to die. i am standing near a bridge right now as i type this post. i want to wait until it is dark so people will not see me jump, but i am not sure if i can stop myself. i know it will be painful, i know it will hurt my family who i know loves me deep down but cannot show it in a way i understand. i know that most people can get through life without much issue with situations much worse than mine. but i am not strong. i do not want to just survive anymore. my life is a waste and i am just a burden to society. i wish i had more time. i wish i could complete more things on my bucket list. i wish i could find love again and have the will to live again but i have run out of any resemblance of willpower to survive. i am scared to die but i am more terrified of what the rest of my life may entail if i do not pull the plug. if this is the end of me at least i go out as myself, at least i die as me and not some drugged up she will of me. at least i get to leave behind a message for the world to see. maybe no one will care, maybe no one will even read it, but its my message to the world. i have an email setup to send out my message to a few key people at a certain time. i have always wanted to change the world. maybe this is the only way i can. my time has come
i am tired of everything i just want to die instead of livingthings did get better than the guy who introduced me to a friendgroup that made me less lonely got a crush on me and in the midst of my fear of abandoment i said yes despite not even liking him, actually i liked his friend that spark died really quickly after i became preoccupied with my misery so do not call me a bad person , if i said no i would be alone again but now if we break up well i will be alone again, the bonfire, the pub, the party those events were so fun i do not want to be abandoned and left out, i wish he did not like me, now i am stuck here and miserable, i am so scared, i do not want to be in a relationship, relationships are so scary, my first serious boyfriend coerced me into things i did not want and the one after said he would listen but instead of listening he played skyrim and went to sleep when i was trying to tell him how much i hate myself and how disgusting all the places he touched felt, and now when i think about how soon my current bf will do the same i want to cry, i want to die so bad,i want to run away but if i do i will be cut off and alone again, hes their longtime friend i have barely spoken to anyone i am only one of the people at the party i do not even text any of them because i am too shy, while hes known them for years hes close with them, if we break up i will be shut out and alone again but if i do not want to stay and have to deal with intimacy, i just want to die so bad, i am tired, i want to die, i want to die so bad the only person that truly knows me has been ghosting me for 50 days now, i am all alone, i do not want to let go of the happiness i felt at those gatherings but i do not want to go back to the time gross hands touched me or when i got guilt tripped into saying yes i want death sooo bad
in the last month everything i touched turned into shit. my girlfriend of two years left me for another guy, my car keeps breaking down, i saw my ex today, she told me how she still loves me but could not make it work anymore, after that i wanted to go on a ride on my motorcycle, to maybe feel a little less shit, but less than one km after leaving it is engine blew up the funny thing is i study automotive engineering and i am a racecar mechanic. everyone of my friends ask me to fix their shit, but mine still breaks without any prior signs . i was in a clinic for the last 4 weeks because of depression, got diagnosed with 3 different personality disorders, but they where like yeah you can go home now. i told them i am scared of being home alone in the flat i used to share with my ex, because i am possibly suicidal creeping thoughts that get louder and louder every day , but they did not care and sent me home. i feel like i am a burden to all of my friends, which is why i am scarred to talk to them. i know ist not like that but still. i got a big problem with opening up to others and that feeling makes it even worse. i must sound like a broken record because i am telling the same shit for months now, but it keeps getting more and worse. i got no energy to get even one of my problems in order, but there are so many and the longer i do not fix them the worse they get. i am thinking about suicide every day in the last week's, but i will not do it. the scarry thing is, i do not know how long this will stay the truth. i just hate my life right now, i hate my self in general and honestly i kind of lost hope. i just think the world is a horrible place to be. i will not commit suicide tonight or anytime soon, but i am scared of my own thoughts and as i said they geht louder by the minute... my life seems to hate me
just got hired as a dishwasher but i know it will not last i will probably be fired in under a week , i am lazy, slow, i cannot handle the heat and i am too weak to take out the trash. i do not want this job but nobody else would hire me, i have gaps on my resume but that is not why they will not hire my, i did not realize how easy i had it in my previous job. i am 23 and wasted 5 years of my life, no money to go back to college i am not sure i would do well even if i studied 8 hours a day though i never tried so who knows.. , too dumb to think through my situation, i am currently under the care of a mental health team though they are wrong i am not the mentally i will they think i am, i am just straight up dumb. i have not worked in 1.5 years and am supported by my mother who is a hard worker even though she has rheumatoid arthritis. i want to be able to support myself but i cannot do any type of job even entry leveled ones, too slow mentally even more so when i am around people, too weak physically. the reason i am under the care of a mental health team is because i was suicidal a few months ago which caused me to visit the er room, which then put me in the care of a mental health team upon my discharge. it feels like i inherited all the bad genes from my parents, the laziness of my father and emotional weakness of my mother. have no friends either. i wish i had never been born, my mother deserves better, my mother might quite possibly be the only person that cares for me and i do not want to disappoint her but i really cannot do anything. i am just a burden to her but not once has she told me to leave. i have been struggling with depression my entire life, i like to think it is because of my brother but i am an adult now, i cannot just blame everything on someone else. i am trash and i deserve to die
i am completely shaken. this lady sounded so insanely bored, i have talked to internet provider customer service workers with more pep and care. was in the midst of a crisis, at a total loss. i could not think straight, struggling to talk through tears. it was like she did not even listen to what i was saying.i used precious vacation days and spent the last week off from work because of my mental health. instead of taking steps to get better like i planned, i could not even get off the couch to brush my teeth or cook. i have to go back to work tomorrow and know i simply cannot do it, i cannot even get dressed. but i used up all my vacation days, and i desperately need money. for the last 5 months until july, i was paying two rents because i had to move early due to wfm protocol ending, and was just barely scraping by. i have a lot of medical debt, paying 200 month for past therapies. i cannot go to a doctor right now, i simply do not have the money. i already have a 500 backlog of payments to make to my current therapist, who is been graciously patient while i get my finances in order.i told her all this, and she was like in this flat tone okay, what is your plan c? as if it was just the easiest thing i could come up with on the spot. and i was just, stunned in silence for a moment, and then just hung up.this just feeds as another sign that this world is horrible and life is not worth living. i look desperately for help, and cannot find any. the top result for google searches of depression hotline or mental health crisis hotline is all ads for things that look like scams. it feels so hopeless.i just needed to vent. i emailed my therapist asking for his guidance, so at least tomorrow i will have something to go on. just called the suicide prevention hotline, i am in absolute shock by how horrible it was
i am exhausted, man. i just graduated high school and its my senior year summer i feel like i should be as happy and joyous as ever but i have actually never been in a worse mental space than i am right now. its like maybe i am not ambitious enough but i refuse to live a life filled with working, meaningless relationships, and feelings of depression constantly berating my mind. i had a gf for about a year and a half and when we broke up and inevitably reconnected for meaningless sex months later i was shown how heartless people can truly be towards one another and her actions towards me play a big part in my desire to not want to be alive. i still live with my mother, i work an overnight package handler position making good money around 250 weekly and then food delivery during the days yielding another 250 500 weekly but still i have 0 in my savings and virtually nothing to show for besides a long list if shitty car repairs on a shitty car i will not drive in 3 years. i am going to a tech school to do my generals education but in order to be eligible for fafsa you have to declare a major, therefore i chose accounting technician as it sounded the most interesting to me, but the idea of doing a companies payroll as my career makes me want to die even more, and sooner. i do not know what i want to do, where i want to go, who i want to talk to. i do not know. i have no guidance either, the only person i hang out is my ex girlfriend and that is literally once a week for meaningless sex, which to clarify is only meaningless to her. i still definitely have some attachment things going on which is likely due to the fact i do not hangout or talk to anybody else. i do not know why i wrote or posted this i am just lost man, i wake up and just sigh cuz i am so sick of waking up. does anybody else relate? exauhsted
but i have told my loved ones, they say you cannot think like that and yeah i feel like that sometimes too. there is nothing they can say or do that could help. so why tell them? i do not even have health insurance how can i possibly afford to see someone. the online tools do not help, the suicide prevention hotline was useless. they let me cry then said okay feel better, bye. i would hate to leave people with my suicide, i really would, i have come up with a way to make it the least traumatizing it can be but i have felt like this for so long. for short periods i see normal , i can feel hope and peace but i do not feel that now. i feel angry and tired and fed up. all because the cat litter bag broke, i threw a temper tantrum and all the suicidal thoughts that have been building up for the last month just bombarded me and now the only thing that can stop me from sobbing is dreaming of how i will die. i think i know this is not it. i think i know that i will feel better but i just cannot tell right now. i cannot think straight or feel straight. everything is just rage and hate and i do not want to feel this way anymore. i pray to god please help me please stop this, i have been doing good, i have been doing what i am supposed to and he has left me here in this pit and i do not want to anymore. i am not going to end my life today, but for a long time the only thing that kept me going is knowing that is an option. i can quit whenever i want, just try another day. i am supposed to wait until i am 27 but these days it is creeping deeper and deeper into my heart. it will not be tonight, but it is closer than i have ever felt it before and i am afraid i cannot stop it. everyone always says to tell some loved ones, see a psychologist, think of what it will do to the people you leave behind, you have purpose.
20m, below average height, lost all my hair so i am bald, grew up poor and still am, still a virgin, never had a gf, not white so i do not fit eurocentric beauty standards for conventional attractiveness. here are my findings general, bald men are considered less attractive than men with hair across the board is a pretty big deal it seems, and the only remedy that can make up for it is money, for a 56 man to be rated equally to a 6ft man, he must make on average 175k yr more due to eurocentric beauty standards, whites are generally rated as more attractive than blacks and other poc, and vice versa in addition, general attractiveness correlates with higher incomes, as better looking people typically can get jobs and such more easily than no attractive people as society has reinforced the notion that beauty value wealthso basically if you are short, bald, nonwhite and poor like myself you seem to be screwed, the numbers and data do not lie. i refuse to play this twisted game any longer and be treated like a second class human for the rest of my life, i would rather die. besides i have nothing left to live for, no so no family, no nothing, and 0 to my name as of now, my car is broken so i am unable to go to work anymore, and i have bills due soon. i am tired of this fucked up society and this shitty little world.right now my only belongings of value are my gun, my guitar, and my watch, i refuse to give them up just to survive in this shifty world because they are the only things i have left and took pride in during my shitty little existence. i have a yogurt left in the fridge, i am going to play some guitar, listen to music, and eat my yogurt then commit suicide with my gun tonight, i do not have any desire to prolong my suffering any longerfuck this world based on my findings, death is the only escape
but i have told my loved ones, they say you cannot think like that and yeah i feel like that sometimes too. there is nothing they can say or do that could help. so why tell them? i do not even have health insurance how can i possibly afford to see someone. the online tools do not help, the suicide prevention hotline was useless. they let me cry then said okay feel better, bye. i would hate to leave people with my suicide, i really would, i have come up with a way to make it the least traumatizing it can be but i have felt like this for so long. for short periods i see normal, i can feel hope and peace but i do not feel that now. i feel angry and tired and fed up. all because the cat litter bag broke, i threw a temper tantrum and all the suicidal thoughts that have been building up for the last month just bombarded me and now the only thing that can stop me from sobbing is dreaming of how i will die. i think i know this is not it. i think i know that i will feel better but i just cannot tell right now. i cannot think straight or feel straight. everything is just rage and hate and i do not want to feel this way anymore. i pray to god please help me please stop this, i have been doing good, i have been doing what i am supposed to and he has left me here in this pit and i do not want to anymore. i am not going to end my life today, but for a long time the only thing that kept me going is knowing that is an option. i can quit whenever i want, just try another day. i am supposed to wait until i am 27 but these days it is creeping deeper and deeper into my heart. it will not be tonight, but it is closer than i have ever felt it before and i am afraid i cannot stop it. everyone always says to tell some loved ones, see a psychologist, think of what it will do to the people you leave behind, you have purpose.
i was feeling extremely, extremely ready to do it today. i was sitting on my floor sobbing because i had a ptsd flashback yesterday and all the friends i was with just left me. it was already terrifying and i have abandonment trauma on top of it, so them doing that made me spiral. today i called my childhood best friend who i have been close to for over 20 years now, and he basically said i told you so and that its my fault because i do not want to move back to the city so i have access to better people and better friends.then i reached out to my second best friend who i have known for around 6 years now and even lived with at one point, and asked him if he could come over because i was having a crisis and did not think i should be alone right now. his response was my girlfriend and i just went tubing and were tired i told my brother i was suicidal a few weeks ago and really needed his support and he told me hes too busy working and to give him 2 3 more years so he can buy a house. he does not even have any bills right now. he still lives in an apartment through foster care and could easily request less hours since he voluntarily picks them upevery single friend i interacted with knows i have ptsd and am majorly depressed. three of them know i am suicidal.lmao everyone says if you are about to kill yourself to reach out and talk to someone but when you do, you get blown offlike i talk about how nobody actually cares about me and people scoff and act like there must be someone. no, there is literally nobody. i do not have parents, my brother is my only family and those few friends i have just do not give a shit. literally my cats are the only thing keeping me here everyone always tells you to reach out to someone if you are suicidal, but then when you reach out people do not want to deal with you.
being in the same mindset as a lot of you guys, i too see the world as bleak, meaningless, amp repetitive. thoughts lead me here amp i have read many posts for months. seems as if the thing holding a lot of us back is the trauma it would because the ones closest to us and the fact that we would not want that sadness to fall upon them for as long as they are around to think about it. but my creative mind thinks about a scenario where what if one day every human being on earth were all to be visited by something at the exact same time, something like an alien, glowing cloud or futuristic looking ai, idk. something we can tell is not of earth, but something more powerful this being explains that every human is simultaneously having the same interaction around the globe. they then tell us their sole purpose for coming today is to give each person a choice, stay put where we are currently amp continue our regular lives, or we could choose the gift of death, no strings attached, just death. they cannot explain what it is to us, but if we accept we get to leave earth amp go wherever real death is. it would be painless, quick, and take no more effort than just stepping thru a void the alien has opened would you walk thru? not knowing what death has in store, would you take the step forward, being thankful that now at least your loved ones will understand that you took the opportunity a lot of other humans from around the world probably took, or would you decide to stay amp live this seemingly pointless life? just a random movie ish idea i thought of that would at least eliminate some of the passed down trauma. they would at least understand that you, along with however many other people decided the same, were not interested in life here anymore amp wanted another option, wanted a way out. would you?
throwaway account cuz this is going to get a little personal. ever since i was eight years old, i have felt extremely sad because of childhood trauma and not having friends. i somehow thought all of this shit would get better and that there would be a light at the end of the tunnel but it just did not happen. within the last couple weeks, i have felt so lonely, helpless, and hopeless that i have wanted to self harm and slit my wrists open with an exacto knife or take my own life for good, but i cannot do it because there is a chance i might ruin my body instead of actually die. that, and my parents put me under so much pressure mentally that i cannot even feel completely suicidal and have to restrain my urges to self harm on a daily basis. i am tired of fighting this fight. i am tired of seeing everybody have happy memories while i have to fight through bad day after bad day. instead of having long lasting romances and friends i can joke around with, and happy memories of being independent of my parents, i have to fight day after day just to survive. i have no fucking idea what happiness feels like. i just do not want to fight myself anymore. i just want my mind to go blank. i want a body to hold. i want memories. i want parents do not scream and criticize me all the time. i do not want to have to psych myself up to do things. i wish i did not feel suicidal but life has hit me with so much shit and i do not have the strength to take it. in fact, if i did not care so much about preserving other people's feelings, i probably would be dead by now. this shit never gets better. they always say it does but it does not. i just do not want to have to restrain myself anymore because i am scared i might snap and cut myself. wanting to kill yourself but knowing you will let everybody down is the worst
i have experienced so much pain and trauma in my life and the last 18 months have just added to it. i have been left with chronic pelvic pain after complications from a miscarriage. i have been really struggling to deal with this and because i am in a foreign country i feel like i have nowhere to go. i have not really got friends and i have a strained relationship with my family. i have a partner of 7 years and everything was going fine but at some point everything fell apart. he started off really supportive but suddenly went cold and wanted to end the relationship. we agreed to spend some time apart and just before we split he recorded us having sex without my consent. i felt violated and humiliated. i went back to the you.k. for a month to try and get my head straight and decide whether to stay in the relationship. i stupidly decided to stay as my partner started counselling and promised it was a one off and he was having a break down because of the trauma. now a few months later i have found out hes been emotionally cheating on me. i feel like such an idiot for staying with him and i cannot talk to anyone because i have no support network.i am really trying my best, i am going to counselling, doing emdr, exercising and eating right. but still i feel like i cannot go on, i cannot be in this pain any more. i feel like a failure and an idiot and i am completely broken. if i kick my boyfriend out who would want me? who wants a depressed 30 year old who now probably cannot have children naturally and is in chronic pain. i am damaged goods. i want to not feel this way but i feel like there is no other option anymore. i have tried to get better but i cannot. i do not think i want to die, but i cannot see any other option anymore. i do not want to die but i cannot see any other options anymore
amp x200b hello guys, first of all, sorry in advance for my english, it is not my native language, i am struggling with suicidal thoughts for months now and i need some advice on my problem, any advice on what should i do to cope up with my situation would be appreciated.i come from a middle class family from a third world country, 1.5 years ago i borrowed some savings money from my family, around 1500 because i was interested in stock markets, and wanted to earn some side money as i was doing my higher education, my parents, especially my dad was checking on updates every month on how the money was doing, he is not tech savvy so he believes what i tell him, long story short, i was a noob and lost 45 of the money, and i could not tell him that i lost 45 since it was a huge amount for us, so i lied to him and told him that i invested the money in a bucket of stocks, and according to the current prices, the stocks i told him that i have has a value of 5000 both bad and good luck ig , which i lied and i do not have, the 55 of the money i did not lose, i invested in index funds, he thinks i have 5000 worth of stocks, but reality is far different, and although we are financially well and he would not ask me to withdraw the fictional money he thinks i have, i am scared as shit that he would find out, i cannot tell him the truth that i lost the money 1.5 years ago, as it would break him that i lied to him, i cannot hold the lies anymore too, since every month he ask for updates, it hurts me mentally, i am having suicidal thoughts now, and i cannot take it anymore, i cannot talk about this situtation to anyone, because of guilt and shame so i am posting it here using a throwaway account, any advice on how to deal with it would be appriciated, thankyou.. feeling suicidal, please give me some advice
i have been dealing with depression and anxiety for years now but nothing comes close to what i experienced the last week. i went to mcdonalds to eat food and was in line to order my food when suddenly this big guy cuts in front of me. i got angry and called him out for cutting the line. the guy suddenly turned around and swung his fist right into my face. it all happened in a flash. i fell down on the floor and the man just kept hitting me over and over again until two customers and restrained him. the employees called an ambulance and the police to arrest the guy. all the while the man kept screaming and telling me how much of a piece of shit i was and that latinos like me should go back to their own country. i was taken to the hospital got a broken nose and a black eye. i was discharged that same day and returned home feeling like complete crap and hungry. before falling asleep i kept blaming myself for calling out that guy and how i should have just minded my own damn business. i felt guilt, powerless and sad at the whole turn of events. before that day i was already suffering from depressive episodes and low self esteem issues. this whole situation just made me feel worse than ever before to the point where i once again started to have suicide thoughts. irl i am short, fat and ugly. nobody would want to be with someone like me and much less care about me. my family who live abroad have no idea of my situation and its probably better if they do not since i do not want to worry them. right now, i feel no drive to do anything. i cannot feel anything else but the pain in my face and i have no real friends to talk about this whole thing. maybe i should just end my life already instead of trying to fix something that cannot be fixed. i am an assault survivor close to giving up on life 26 m
i have been struggling a lot the past week and a half and reaching the point of exhaustion from battling my want to die. i have had depression since i was 17 23 now . and since graduating from college in march 2020 i have been pretty neutral about life not necessarily un happy but definitely not excited about things. i got into a great and healthy relationship in march that ended a couple weeks ago. its hard to process because we talked about marriage and kids and started taking steps to me converting to islam. but he said last week the shame of being in a relationship haram was too much and ended things. he still says he loves me, i am his best friend, that hell never meet someone who cares this much for him will be as accepting and willing to learn and adapt to his culture and faith. he still wants to keep our friendship and be best friends. i have been struggling majorly with trying not to end my life every day since. not in a emotional spur of the moment decision but more life i have tried for years to make myself want to live, thought i finally was getting the future i had always wanted, and now i do not think i have the energy to try it all again. i have gone as far to research carbon monoxide poisoning from car exhaust or jumping of a local parking garage if i cannot wait until i have a free house for option 1. basically i am struggling a lot and am asking for more options. i went to a psychiatric facility for 3 days once and it caused more trauma and distrust of my family and the mental healthcare institution. are there options for daily therapy where i can still maintain a source of freedom? i really do not want to do inpatient or intensive outpatient but more like a support group of some kind. thank you everyone options other than hospital or kms? looking for help and support
i am not strong enough. i am not strong enough for this life. my entire existance has been reduced to coping with my mental problems. when i think about how many years i have left in this life....how much more pain i have left to experience....i know i will never find joy. i will never find a reason why it is worth it to go on.how can i say never? do not our feelings always change with time? i wish i could say so, but i know better. i have seen the people who never get better. who end up alone and miserable into their 40s and 50s, their lives wasted. and i have seen it for myself, in a vision. it never ends. i am trapped, again. i cannot move in with him. i cannot spend day after day wishing i was someone else, somewhere else, anywhere else. i cannot stand having yet another conversation about breaking up, abput how he is done nothing wrong and it is just my head. he will never see that i will never, ever believe anybody could love me. that i will always envision him with other women, happier and no longer obliged to deal with my shit. when we met, i was a different person. i do not know what i am now. i do not know what to do. i have thought about running away, and the only reason why i do not is because i have too much expensive equiptment at my house i would have to abandon. but even if i did run away....where would i go? and i have to take mtself with me. i will just have the same problems over and over. there is not any escape. i am not strong enough. the only advice i ever get is life is what you make it and i hate, hate, hate hearing that. because they are right. i am a loser. i was born a loser and i will live a loser and i will die a loser, and i know it is true, because i have seen it. death is the best thing to hope for. it is the eternal sollution. why there is no way out
unfortunately i am one of those people who thinks about death a lot, weather it be by my own hands or the multiple instances of varying degrees of possibility, no matter how attached or detached in reality they are. i have come to find myself feeling numb? or perhaps merely trying to trick myself into thinking i am.either way i have known for a while now that i am not afraid of death,however, id like to think i am stronger than suicide, i like to think i can hold on to this world and refuse to allow it to kill me, that if it truly wants me dead, it can do its dirty work for me itself, and i can save my ultimatum for an actual emergency, to either save another or save myself from a completely bleak situation. yet at the same time, like a hypocrite, i say i am fully at peace with the unknown of death but the but the unknown of life shakes me to my core. i am still young and getting a sense for this world and what i have learned so far has me scared, hopefully, shocked, amazed, and frightened. i am beginning to see how small everything is yet how large things can appear and how even little thoughtless actions can have massive consequences for those in the present and in the unknowable future. and i just do not know what to do.except what i have always done. run and hide and watch from a distance. talking to ghost and people i have never met through notes and screens of light and half the time i freeze up doing that. to sit in my hole and survive and spectate but never truly live and interact. and i am just tired. i know i can only blame the world i was given and others actions so much because there are many things i can do and could have done differently but the honest response is i am just scaredand i do not know how to not be. do not want to kill myself but not sure how to live.
mods, i am sorry if this goes against the guidelines. i have failed in all aspects. i could not even kms properly. there is literally no reason to live. there is no reason to even be posting this, actually. my parents do not care about me, my siblings do not care about me, i have no irl friends, and i am pretty sure my online friends do not care about me either. why would they? there is literally nothing good about me. i do not even want a reason to live anymore. i do not want to get better. i want to die. my therapist is great. i appreciate him loads, but getting better is so hard and it just does not feel worth it. and anyway, what is the worst that can happen? i survive? with severe brain damage? i will not even be fucking aware. ill write dnr on the wall or something so they cannot do anything. i wish id done it ages ago. i cannot believe i actually thought things might improve. considering posting on r roastme so ill feel even worse and it will make me want to do it even more, except i do not want to show my face, because i am fucking ugly. either that or i am taking to twitter rand say something mildly controversial like spiders are not that bad. i know ill get attacked, because last time i was on twitter over a year ago i said one thing what? and got death threats. i wish someone would just kill me. i hope i get hit by a car, or fall onto train tracks, or get pushed off a high bridge, or get stabbed, or get caught in a fire. its so unfair. and i do not want to hear but life is not fair. i know. everyone does. and its not helpful. its so unfair that some people do not want to die and yet die. i have got everything i need to go through with it, i guess right now i am just looking for something. anything really, good or bad, i do not fucking care. i just want to fucking die
i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
cannot even muster the energy to deliver my rant. which is actually just a series of observations about the realities of living in modern society, feeling unfulfilled with the progression of life, and the brutal ways people treat each other in the name of profit. the same observations i have been making since i was twelve years old. but i guess i do not really need to do that here, we all know more or less exactly the way each of us feels about how life works, it is why we congregate in places like these. people think we are looking for advice, or sympathy, a shoulder to cry on. in some cases that is true but when we have reached the end of what we think we can endure and we are sitting in front of our screen holding a bottle of pills, or that length of rope we have been tying over and over to get just right would not want it to fail when we need it most we know that noone has the words to give us to make it better. that magical set of words that will fit in a character limited text box, and will wipe away all the sorrows and pains of our lives. the miraculous advice given by a stranger that knows nothing of the specifics of our hardships, that will rejuvenate us and show us a new light that will guide us in life. no. we came here for ourselves. our last ditch effort, our last vestige of hope that by sharing our stories and our plans and our pains, we can gain the clarity and strength we need to keep struggling through these trials. or that with the commiseration of those that see the world the way it truly is, we will finally find the courage to end them. i hope you discover, in the process of releasing yourself, the will that you need to keep on fighting for your life. until i find my own way to that decision, i am still here, riding the fence. apathetic humans are scumbags.
hey family, first time posting to this subreddit but have been on here for a few years new account . on the early morning of january 20th 2021 i was shot in an attempted car jacking at the local park less than a mile from my house. the bullet went through my left temple and out my right cheek. i was able to drive around to the gas station and run inside and have the guy call the cops. he quickly told me to leave because i was bleeding everywhere. i ran outside and was finally able to dial my iphone after having so much blood on it. i was taken to the hospital and blessed to have no brain damage , but it looks like my left eye will be blind forever. the reason i was out early in the morning was because me and dad had a fight about me getting another covid test the night before when i was only throwing up because i had too many chips from jewel osco. i woke up mad and went to go smoke some tree by the park not too far away. i walked back to my car after getting snacks and rolling tobacco and as i was getting ready to pull off i see the carjacker last second. he tries to pull my door handle and i pulled off but he had a gun and shot through my window hence the story. i feel super guilty for not giving up my car. most of my friends told me he could have shot you regardless and that may have been true as he successfully killed another guy in march who leaves behind a 9 year old daughter. i regret not being able to control my emotions and just stay in the house that morning. i regret smoking weed because that is what led me to the park that day. now i feel like i failed the life lesson of not doing drugs and controlling emotions. fuck that i just want to die now, i wish i died that day.regardless i love you all, and cherish your sight and loved ones. almost was killed in january
estoy aqu de nuevo, no se que hacer, ando pensando en suicidarme con frecuencia desde 2019, viv en otro pas con amigos pero all me sent tan mal que tuve que regresar a mi pas de origen. vivo con mi familia a quienes no consigo hacer entender que mi idea de suicidarme es algo que me tomo en serio, ya lo dije varias veces y no toque ms el tema. ltimamente la frustracin conmigo mismo es demasiado, estuve medicado un tiempo pero odio con todo mi ser como esos frmacos me dejan en un estado letargico, otros no me hacen nada. ac en mi pas, exactamente en la peque a ciudad donde vivo no existen medios de atencin a casos como el mio, solo sanatorios y hospitales que no tratan casos como el mio, no tengo dinero parte de mis problemas para costear un tratamiento.estoy elaborando un plan para desaparecer, busque un puente viaducto muy alto que varios cientos de metros debajo est lleno de malesa y creo no es posible que recuperen mi cuerpo.,no har notas ni videos de despedida, por el contrario estoy poco a poco des hacindome de fotos y elementos que me identifiquen, no tengo telfono, no hablo con amigos, no salgo de casa, borre ya hace muchos meses la mayora de fotos digitales y pienso destrur los lbumes familiares, documentos, y todo aquello que hable de mi paso por este mundo. estoy exactamente a un mes de cumplir mis 35 y la verdad no quiero pensar en que sern ms. la frustracin hace que mi ansiedad se haga insoportable, el paso del tiempo es un tormentosi alguien tiene alguna sugerencia para desaparecer mi cuerpo y o borrar rastros de mi muerte me gustara leerlos. agradezco no aparezca gente con palabras amables que busquen reconfortar, eso me irrita mucho por que no consigo empatizar con esos mensajes y me hacen sentir an peor por no ser como los dems que se motivan. suicidio es
i have neurofibromatosis type 1 google can explain it bette than me , but to keep it short i have tumors that grow on my nerve endings and will continue to grow or can get larger. right now the one on my foot has been growing over the last 5 years, i have smalls one i recently noticed on my stomach and leg and other foot , and i just hope whatever i am noticing on my face is not a tumor. no matter what, its completely out of my control. it could get worse or it could stay the same but at the rate i have been noticing new spots or bumps ? on my arm and one on my face, i can only hope its staying the same . i am 23 years old and currently my boyfriend is my only friend. i had a terrible childhood, and had trouble making friends in college and in school. my nf also causes poor memory. i feel like there will be no reason to live if my condition gets worse. i never asked to me born, i had a terrible mother and then i was thrown into epilepsy and having nf1. i really do not see a point in living. i am not religious, but the fear of hell has been something i have been thinking about lately. i do not have a plan to kill myself yet, but in the future i know exactly what i am going to do to end my life if it gets worse. there will be no happiness for me in the future. ill have no irl friends, i am not close to any of my family, and ill have tumors grow on me and make me look like a hideous monster i feel like a pos for saying that, because it is my medical condition and other people do suffer worse than me even at my age and younger . i really do not see a future of happiness with this condition. i already hate my life as it is, and now i have this to worry about. i was born with a genetic condition out of my control. i feel like if it gets worse i will not want to live anymore.
posting this here to see if anyone feels the same or knows what the fuck is wrong with me.i know this is extremely fucked up but i for some reason want my life to be extremely worse. sometimes i will see people talk about feeling depressed and suicidal from as young as 5 6 years old and i will get jealous i have been depressed since i was 9, i am 15 now. i will see people talk about attempting suicide from as young as 11 and i will feel jealous. and i think, the worst of all is, i will see people talk about being sexually abused as a kid and i get jealous. i think if i went to therapy and discoved that i was sexually assaulted and had just buried the memories i would be happy. i know its fucked up and i know that all of these situations are very serious but my stupid head makes me jealous of people having shittier lives than mine. i am so self destructive and i am not sure why. i fucking hate myself for feeling this way, people have actually been in these situations and here i am wishing it were me. i have planned before to get into abusive relationships in hopes that i would be abused.is it because i think people will care more?is it because i want to relate to people?is it because it might finally encourage me to end it all?do i just want some kind of sob story so people will feel bad for me?when ever my mom sees me showing any negative emotions she lectures me, talking about how she and other people have it so much worse than me. it makes me feel like being depressed is some sort of competition, i literally got lectured for being annoyed at my cat today. do i want my life to be worse so she will care about me or so my friends will care about me?i am so sorry for thinking this way but i cannot make it stop. i just want it to stop. why do i want my life to be worse
i am at an age rn where i should have figured out everything.... and i did, but things happened. ocd got triggered and i was given meds that should not have been given to me, strong meds. i stopped feeling anything, any enjoyment from any interests i had, music, movies, books. stopped feeling any empathy for other people, i cannot get into activism without feeling like i am virtue signaling. then on top of that, i started to see synchronicities around me that led me to reading about spiritual awakening and my ocd got triggered again. i feel like every action i do or thoughts i have will lead me to a spiritual awakening. i do not trust my own thoughts, i feel like i have no choice but to leave my old life when i have dreams that i want to get back to, desires that i want to have again. i feel like everything is happening for me to spiritual awaken, did i even will anything to happen? i do not have free will. i also fear therapies and other mental health approaches because they are kind of the same with buddhism practices. anyway, its starting to feel like a self fulfilling prophecy, i cannot describe myself anymore bc idk who i am, or who is spiritual awakening. its everywhere around me, its inside my head. my family is getting tired of me. they belittle everything that i have gone through. if its just ocd then i might be ok with it but i do not have anything to cope with, i do not feel any enjoyment. my life has no quality. then you will read horror stories about anhedonia online. i cannot live like this for 20, 30, 50 years. i do not even know why i should work, when i have nothing to use the money for. i am just so so soooo done with everything. like i do not see anything that makes me want to stay in this world. i might do it once i am alone. i am about to do it.
small context to anyone who is curious i am 16 years old 1. it feels hard to express my opinion on the internet because every time i do i always get bashed for it. i am starting to doubt myself, am i the problem? what is it that i say that turns people against me? i swear i try my best to stay respectful and not offend anyone.. i swear their words get to me easily2. i hate my body and my looks so much. literally every girl i see on the internet looks prettier than me. i see a lot of girls on the internet who do not look like they alter their photos but idk if they do.. nonetheless it makes me feel terrible to be this ugly. i cannot even look at myself in the mirror for longer than 5 seconds.. i do not even want to leave the house anymore because i hate how i look. i am considering getting surgery to fix my face but at the same time i am too scared to do it3. i feel like an idiot for being slow and not understanding many things i see. i want to be a part of the conversation but i am too afraid to ask because i might get bullied for not understanding something. 4. i suffer from a lot of health issues and most of my health problems are on my skin which makes me insecureall of these reasons are taking a toll on me, ik my problems might not sound as bad as other problems which makes me feel bad about myself, i feel like a spoiled brat complaining about problems that might sound unrealistic, i am sorry if it sounds that way i am trying to be a better person and get over things because i am told to just get over it so i am trying but its hard at this point, the suicidal thoughts are carved into my head, they just will not go away, it feels like i could escape them for a short time if i harm myself maybe i keep having suicidal thoughts all day everyday for multiple reasons
dear family, i love you so much. i really do not want to die. i am just only still here because of you and a few fun things that happen between what feels like attacks from hell every time i feel better.life is not fair. yes, i am well aware of that. why do people say things like that? do not they realize i straight up do not want to live in an unfair world?i would rather die than give up my ideals of how i know life is supposed to be i will not go to any doctors who push pills while society shames people who take those pills.i am in my 30s and i thought when i first considered suicide at 9 years old, that things would be better by now.i believe in god, and i hope he is merciful and understands that while i do my best to be grateful for the many things i do have, my brain just hurts. it hurts mostly from stress. it hurts from the stress of an unfair world of mental anguish poverty causes. it hurts from a world of non constructive criticism and blame.it hurts from reddit. if i were ever to suddenly commit s, it would be because of reddit.selective mod rule enforcement, cruel callous mods and extreme, extreme bigotry against religious people, particularly those of abrahamic faiths.before i go, i truly hope to see legislation enforce a bill of digital rights, as so much of our lives now happen online, with or without our consent.it is my dream to see people be held accountable for the hell they inflict on others.i am exhausted from trying to feel better. death is the dog that chases me while i run with a bad leg.shitty politicians do not even allow pain control via legal means, instead criminalizing or scheduling all euphoric substances while promoting antidepressants with black label warnings. i feel it is only a matter of time, with so many odds stacked against me.
here i am, once again to rant about me being obsessive? i do not know how to put it. well yeah, obsessive is a good enough description. i have been stuck on this specific person and regardless of how much i am supposed to be far from them i keep trying to attach to them as if they will attach to me back. we used to be great, both attached until drama happened and now its one sided. i open up my feelings and she just replies with one line. she has told me she does not trust me, so why the hell do i trust her? my mind is clouted. i am, suffering. with a heavy stone weightening my heart, and my friends being scared away from me being obsessive i honestly do not know what to do. i do not want to talk to her even so why do i exist? why do i have to live? why do i have to od what i do in order to do. drugs anti psychadelics are useless. well useless is incorrect terminology but i am still in pain. why the fuck does he not give me anti depressants i do not fucking know. ok listen, i am in pain ok? there legit 0 people i can talk about it with as of now since everyone is either ignoring me or just ignoring me or just ignoring me or maybe sleeping i do not know. i am obsessed, i am obsessed with a single person while i am not obsessed. when my mood swings i am obsessed but otherwise no? what is this weird translations of emotion i have no clue therefore i shall go and kill myself because i cba to live. who am i kidding, everything feels blurry, everything is in pain. everything is just suffering i cannot, i cannot , i cannot , i cannot, i cannot, pain. p a i n. fuck bpd mani cannot deal with this anymore, i am sorry, the pain is too much. drugs do not help, therapy does not help, the suicide attempt thing i got closest to helping maybe it is time to finish it off obsession
i am 13 and i have done some really bad things in my life and all this guilt is so suffocating, i do not know what to do, after that horrible decision i made back in april, i cannot stop thinking about how much i deserve to die. i wish i could have been normal , i wish i did normal things. to start at the beginning, i was around 8 maybe younger. i would always hang out with a kid in my neighborhood and they taught me about things like porn and i definitely should not have learnt at that age but since than until like june, i used to be obsessed about watching that stuff and i would watch different kinds, i do not think i need to explain anymore. but i guess watching about one type influenced me and i got curious so i did something absolutely disgusting, i made my dog lick me in the inappropriate place and that happened once more but that is all, i never did it again because i knew it was bad and i felt so ashamed and disgusted with myself. when i was 11 i did try to attempt something like that, and i forgive myself for that because it did not actually happen unlike it did back in april, i cannot forgive myself for this. i am so disgusting. even though i did other horrible things, this might be the wrost and i cannot forgive myself. i do not deserve to be loved or even be happy. so many good things are happening in my life and i do not deserve any of it, i deserve to die in the most painful way. everyone would be so disappointed in me and now i am even more scared about what will happen in the afterlife for me if there is one. if i am being honest, i just want to stab myself like millions of times out of hatred and disgust. all i am is a disgusting rapist. i have no reason to live anymore, i should have lived my life better. i am a horrible and a disgusting person.
i feel so safe in this subreddit. i do not even feel that i truly fit in here since i am too scared to end my life and i have never had an attempt. but i feel safest sharing my thoughts here so maybe that counts for something. people on other subreddits just say to seek therapy. i am just really tired. i am really, so tired. there is too much for me to handle now. and i am afraid that i am not strong enough. i am actually much weaker than i thought a person could ever be. the fact that i am way too scared to ever end it, to just get it over with and stop hurting makes me feel even weaker. i cannot believe this is real life. it does not even feel real, it is that bad. my mind cannot handle how bad it is anymore, that it just feels like a dream or a video game constantly.too weak to have healthy relationships, too weak to find a job let alone get a job , too weak to have confidence, too weak to not care what others think, too weak to stand up for myself, too weak to confront my parents, too weak to get past anxiety, too weak to be in my own head, like fuck... even my own head is not safe?and to top it off, too weak to even trust myself that what i am feeling is real. i know i cannot fake feeling this low but i do not trust myself to say that i am not faking it. or that i am just looking for attention or being dramatic. i know my dad would say that but i am too weak to blame him for it. it is just easier to blame myself. just say that i am being dramatic.my last resort is antidepressants. i cried when talking to my counselor about it. i told her i never thought i would ever have to ask for this, ask to be prescribed happiness. but i am out of options.i really cannot tell if life just happens to be this shitty for some people, or if i deserve it somehow just venting
for the past 2 3 years i spent my time diving deep into text about the universe, spirituality being positive etc. i have officially lost my mind. it gets too deep. i do not know what is real anymore and the point for anything and i have become numb. numb to a point where i feel like i am always a asshole or idk. i generally care for anyone but everything is so hard to do now a days. i cannot seem to make my family proud. i am lazy i do not feel like cleaning up. its too hard to keep eating i lack desire to eat or move or do anything. i am a 19 year old female living in nj. i do not like parties etc. i do not want to go to school. i hate the state of the world and i tried to be that better person for it but it just does not work. its becoming a drag. i love my boyfriend but i feel like i am becoming a nuisance to him. my insecurities are getting him annoyed i can tell and i do not know how to like myself anymore. i feel like an alien i do not even relate to how i look. i feel bipolar i instantly regret the things i say do i feel like i have 20 different people inside me. i tell myself i want to do what is right, the better thing but then i just do not. i was not like this before as i started to dive into occult amp the universe i lost my sense of self,reality etc. nobody around me seems to have it figured out either. it seems as though there is literally no point of existing. i have already left my body before amp i feel like i know what is on the other side. i am tired of making decisions like what to eat or what career to pick or how to pay bills or which doctor can fix my damaged toe. etc.its just so much i have problems with. i have not one friend i have acquaintances who are fake . please convince me to live i feel like i have a valid reason to kill myself
lately everything in my life has been falling apart and i really have nowhere else to vent. i got broken up with by my fiance months ago, it was a toxic relationship and i have been mentally ill since high school and during that relationship i fucked my brain up even more with drugs just to get through it. i have random tics i guess now or jerky movements and my most recent medication has only made them worse, and now i am going through withdrawals from running out of that medication. i am having the worst nightmares i have ever had and i am not used to having dreams at all. i wake up wishing i had some sort of suicide plan ready and actively look around for something to get ready. i have not been able to get a job to distract myself so i was doing doordash until my car broke down with 7k repairs while i still owe thousands on it. recently lost my wallet and everything in it. just feels like life is on nothing but a huge downhill. i try to work out but my brain is always screaming at me that its pointless and to kill myself, i break down crying. i cannot accept myself or look at myself in the mirror being a 63 man who starves himself because hes unsure if hes truly wanting to be trans or something. i really have like 2 friends maybe and its just been getting worse. i am trying to hold on so my family does not end up finding me somewhere and so i do not hurt them. i know a lot of people have it worse but i just feel so broken and like everything has fallen apart in life. i cannot get my mental health back, and all i think about is oding or suicide or self harming. if there is any tips or inspiration at all or anything it would be greatly appreciated because i have no clue what to do with myself. if i had money i am sure id be gone already not sure what to feel
no matter what i do my wife thinks i am cheating on her. i travel for work, so i can cheat. i work in town because it is easier to cheat. i leave to cool off after a fight and it is to go cheat. an x contacted me about a computer issue and again to share a news article about some politian. maybe i should have ignored them, but at no point did i think about cheating on my wife with my x. but she is convinced otherwise. i have never cheated on her or any other relationship in my life. ever! but her x cheated on her so i must be doing it too. i have given up my regular job, my friends, my band, and members of my family. it is not enough. social media deletion has been an ongoing demand that she is currently winning. 700 friends gone from facebook, twitter is deleted and i am sure others are coming.constant reviews of my phone is now a thing. text, call logs, voicemail, app usage. what have you. but i must deleted everything before she looks because not doing anything adulterous is not an option. now she is expecting a baby as it seems that her tubal ligation has repaired itself after eleven years. she informed me that she has left and will not come back to me and out house. hiding herself and unborn child from me. i told her goodbye tonight and that she will not have to worry about seeing me again or interfering with the life of our child. is accused me of cheating. i have the phone called recorded because it literally feels she does not care. amp x200b i am not here asking for help, just documenting my plan and to answer the question why!i am also aware that plenty will point out that is she claims i am cheating without proof she is probably the one cheating. maybe yes, maybe no. i know i would rather die than for that to be true. what other option do i have?
i have struggled with depression suicidal thoughts for years now, and my husband knows this. he has been very supportive when i started therapy and medication, and continues to be there for me. however we had a fight and rather than telling me he needed a break from the discussion he just walked away from me we later discussed it, and he did not want to start yelling, so he chose to remove himself from the situation, communication is a separate thing that we are working on . at a certain point i seriously considered hanging myself from our weight lifting cage. i went so far as to toss a a belt over the chin up bars. i do not really know why i stopped. maybe realizing that it was not tall enough for the belt, or that i did not know how to secure it properly. from there i just had a series of thoughts about how long it would take for him to come down and check on me, how he would react, what would happen if it failed. so i went back upstairs and told him that i needed help. i do not think he realizes how close i was to going through with it, and i do not know how to approach it. he also struggles with depression, so i do not want to put blame on him. he may have upset me, but i have an illness that does not let me think or process emotions rationally in times of stress. right now i am thinking about writing a letter so i can get my thoughts ordered, and give it to him, but that feels.. immature? weak? i do not know, just not right. advice on how to approach this would be helpful. side note my doctor and i agreed to increase my antidepressant dose, and i have an appointment with my therapist scheduled for next week. so, some steps have already been taken to prevent this from happening again. how to talk about how close i was to going through with it my husband
i am sorry i cannot be the child you dreamed of having.i know you deserve everything, and i cannot give you even the simplest of things.i cannot even fucking clear an exam even on second attempt. i am a fucking idiot.you all give me everything i want, sacrifice everything for me, and in return i give you nothing. do you look at other children and wish i were them? do you wish you would have raised me better? because it is not your fault. it is mine. i am the dumbest person on the planet. i sometimes wish i was never born, why did you give birth to me? how does it feel? raising a disappointment of a daughter? i know you will never tell me you are disappointed in me, but you will hurt inside. mom will start recklessly driving again. dad will start drinking on week nights again. all because of me. i wish you were abusive, i wish you were even a little bad. so i could blame you for my declining mental health. but i only have to blame myself. you do not know that for the last one and half years, there has not been a single night when i did not think of ending it all. i have the equipments stored in my cupboard. i am such a fucking coward that i cannot even kill myself. i cannot... because the last time i failed, you consoled me and told me i am all you have. i knew i was not going to succeed in the endeavour, i was never stable enough to give my best. but it hurts knowing that ya'll thought i can. stop overestimating me, i am not that smart. not all fucking asian kids are smart. i have no future... right, mom and dad? how will i ever make you proud?what is the point of living anymore?but you told me i am all you have... but do you sometimes wish you never had me?i think it is high time for me to not be a coward. i am a waste of space. i am sorry, mom and dad.
life is great, but not for me. i am the one that is wrong.i really tried to do small things and better myself, be optimistic, help everyone i can, etc. but it does not matter, none of this matters.i am not strong, i am not smart, i have no desires, no motivations, i do not want to do anything anymore. i wish i was as smart and mature as people think i am. i am just a retard that talks nicely, with no common sense, that cannot learn, and cannot succeed at anything.i am too much of a coward to kill myself, but death seems like the only way out, i do not have the strenght to move past my sadness and tiredness, and i also do not want to stay here suffering, so what other option i have?i love my family and i wish i could support them, but i am too weak to even take care of myself.my dad thinks i spent too much time watching youtube videos, most of the time i actually spent doing nothing and feeling like shit. i do not have the desire to play videogames or watch youtube videos anymore, i just want to be dead.even writing this note is too much energy for me, living like this is painful, and it has too end.do not tell me it will get better, i call out your bluff, you know it is not true right? life only gets worse the more iive, and if this does not apply to you, the keep quiet and do not lie to me.i do not want to live for others, i want to live for myself, and right now, i do not want to live.i was simply born wrong, i should not have lived this long, i do not deserve to live, i am worthless, and i wish i could have been born as a better person, just like the normal people that just get to enjoy their lives without much struggle.i regret not ending it sooner, i wasted a lot of resources that other people could have used. my suicide note for possible future use
life is great, but not for me. i am the one that is wrong.i really tried to do small things and better myself, be optimistic, help everyone i can, etc. but it does not matter, none of this matters.i am not strong, i am not smart, i have no desires, no motivations, i do not want to do anything anymore. i wish i was as smart and mature as people think i am. i am just a retard that talks nicely, with no common sense, that cannot learn, and cannot succeed at anything.i am too much of a coward to kill myself, but death seems like the only way out, i do not have the strenght to move past my sadness and tiredness, and i also do not want to stay here suffering, so what other option i have?i love my family and i wish i could support them, but i am too weak to even take care of myself.my dad thinks i spent too much time watching youtube videos, most of the time i actually spent doing nothing and feeling like shit. i do not have the desire to play videogames or watch youtube videos anymore, i just want to be dead.even writing this note is too much energy for me, living like this is painful, and it has too end.do not tell me it will get better, i call out your bluff, you know it is not true right? life only gets worse the more iive, and if this does not apply to you, the keep quiet and do not lie to me.i do not want to live for others, i want to live for myself, and right now, i do not want to live.i was simply born wrong, i should not have lived this long, i do not deserve to live, i am worthless, and i wish i could have been born as a better person, just like the normal people that just get to enjoy their lives without much struggle.i regret not ending it sooner, i wasted a lot of resources that other people could have used. my suicide note for possible future use
my father thinks i am a freak and wants me to kill myself.my mother is disappointed that i turned out like this.i get daily comments from my brother shit like you will never be a man, its just a phase, you do not have a dick and balls do that means you are a girl, you are so dumb delusional you think you are a guy etc etc. they are so ashamed of me that they refuse to let me come out to my extended family, they even wanted me to not tell my friend but of course i did not listen. i get misgendered and deadnamed daily, not just by my family but by people at school, i have already been threatened to be killed for being trans by some guy. i was lied to for so long, my parents told me that they would love me no matter who i become but its all a fucking lie because i am not the perfect cishet mentally stable daughter they wanted instead they got a fucked up trans faggot son. i could of turned out to be some serial killer and they would of preferred that over me being trans. if my family want me to hurry up and die already they just need to say so i know exactly where a train is and ill gladly sit down on the rail roads. i mean my father has already told me to go kill myself but ill listen to what he says if he tells me to kms again or anyone else in my family says to . none of them bother to listen to me so at this point ill need to kill myself to prove that my gender dysphoria is real and that their words have consequences. ffs my mother tried to gaslight me into believing that i was not trans when i came out to her. i doubt ill make it to see 2022 and to be honest, i hope i do not i am so sick of this shit. what tf did i do to deserve this kind of torture? why could not i just be born normal ? i am cursed with gender dysphoria and an unsupportive family ftm
i thought i would just say how i feel. i literally could not give a shit if anyone reads this. but i just want to talk. by standards i have nothing to complain about, which is part of the reason i am such a piece of shit. i have a good job, a wife, and a family. i got married really young and i love my wife with every single ounce of life i have. but being young at the moment i am 21 . i have so many stresses. i worry about my wife everyday, i try so hard everyday to go to work and not be sad and i do the very best work i can possibly do. i am a tile installer . i feel like all i do is my best. my wife and i live in a time condo, she never complains and treats me so well. i wanted to do something nice for her and bought us our first car. 2 weeks after i bought it someone hit me. 3 weeks after that a hail storm came through and wrecked it. and i am starting to run out of work. and just today i got hit again.. by my own father. it was a complete accident. i do not even know what to do. my parents have absolutely no money, and when i mean no money i mean no money. they drive a piece of shit car and it breaks my heart. its so not fair. i was molested about 6 months ago. its been effecting be so bad. my sister is accused of something horrible that she did not do and is facing time in jail. because of vengeful friends. whole other story . so we are trying to look after her and keep her safe. i do not have anyone to talk to because i do not want to worry anyone. on top of all that i have cancer. i do not know what to do. i want to die so bad. its the only thing that i really want. if i did not have a wife and relatives, it would already be over. i am such a fucking useless piece of shit. i do not care if anyones we sees this. i am just venting. no one to tell
i just feel so bad all the time. i cannot do anything and it pisses everyone off. i can hardly leave my house because i am so terrified of interacting with other people. every time i get frustrated or see bad or upsetting news, even if it is not my own, i lose control and literally beat myself in the head and legs.i am in therapy but it does not feel like it is helping. they want to refer me to psychological testing since they are not really sure what is going on with me. they think it might be avoidant personality disorder but i need to see someone else to make sure.i am so terrible with people and being around them feels so bad but i want to be friendly and friends with people but i have no idea how that works. it is like i am missing some social gene that everyone else has, but without being autistic.i have tried the self help shit too but it basically amounts to do not worry and be confident! and i am like thanks i am cured??? well shit guess i am going to be a fucked up hermit forever.i am just so tired of feeling alone all the time and not being able to leave the house except to go to work, and i can hardly even do that now.sometimes i fantasize about walking into the middle of a busy intersection and just blowing my head off in front of everyone waiting just so everyone can see what happens to people like me. i do not want to die yet but if i were to lose everything i can see things turning out like this. i think about this a lot.i do not know if this post even makes any sense and i might not respond because even talking to people on the internet freaks me the fuck out. sorry. i will try to read responses at least if i do not fucking run away from notifications like i always do. i do not want to kill myself but i do not know where else to post
i do not see the point in explaining my situation because even if i do it does not change how i feel about it. it is about my experience and values and thoughts and whether someone knows what is going on does not make me feel less alone or fix it. i lost the most important person to me. she does not love or care or think about me anymore and there is absolutely no way to reach out. even if there were what is the point? she does not care whatsoever. i still love her and i know it is stupid because how can you love someone who does not love you back but there is this part of me that will not let go. i do not see the point in being here. experiencing things. trying to love again. i have been trying and i have been experiencing and it is like i am already half dead. its grey and bland and i am depressed. i love my family but i cannot live for them. the way i am hurting feels too loud to focus on making other ppl happy. i feel and am utterly alone. not because there are not people in the world that hear or see me but because i do not feel connected to them. it is me that feels alone and i do not think anything can fix that. so people saying ur not alone or people saying they love me it feels like nothing i still feel empty. if i live life i am going to be alone and by myself forever. and i am already tired of it. i cannot do it. i was living for myself before but when love is gone what is there to life. there is no hope or faith or things i find beautiful. there is loneliness and pain. i just cannot kill myself because the last thing i want to do is feel more pain. i hate god, i do not believe in him but last night i prayed i would die in my sleep. i wished for once that he existed so it could have happened. i want to die but i cannot get myself to do it
my friend just told me she is moving. to korea.it was such a weird thought, i had to ask why. she said, that she was tired of being boring and wanting an interesting cv. it was such a short remark, but it reminded me that i never cared about the things you should care about. since i was around 14yo, i saw people my age work for their future. i heard them talk about wanting to pull up their cv. work jobs to save money. in school we learned how to formulate an application all forgotten knowledge and had to take those job consultation talks.i did not care. why? i guess it boils down to a general disconnection from the world. typical story depressed since 6yo, first active suicide attempt at 13yo, slow therapy at 16yo. most of my teenhood i did not even think i would have a future. generally, i was devoided of love, safety and support by both parents and environment. it was only when i got 18yo i slowly started to... wake...up?i got better. a lil at least. enrolled in a random university was forced to and am trying to get my own place and job. actually learn makeup. make a drivers licence. but shit like this always remind me of what i can never have.like... when i was 17yo, i went to oxford for the first time. and honestly...i liked it. i bought a book about an oxford student and loved all the interesting things she said about the school. it made me really want to go there myself, but my grades were already done with and terrible.i will never have a chance to go to oxford now. and people around me just say well that is punishment for not working hard enough . and i would have accepted it if my fucking life would not already be punishment enough! i want to live but i do not feel like living . i am only 18yo but i feel like i am already behind everything
i am sure everyone is heard the term second hand suicide. just wanting to end it all but not by your own hand. i am 34 and i have had 2 back surgeries with more to come. i live a life of prescriptions and pain. i am tired, and drained both physically and mentally emotionally. i am in constant pain with anxiety, anger from pain, worthlessness, etc. i do not speak to my family anymore and have only one friend, whom of which i was in the marines with. we both suffer from medical issues but not the same on mental health. i am not the type, typically, to open up to anyone or do things like posting this here. realistically a stranger does not know you so opening up to one does not mean anything. venting does not change facts or pain. i just want it to stop. i ride my zx10 150 180 pretty much everywhere in hopes that i hit some gravel, have a car pull out, or do not negotiate a turn at high speeds. i drive my little wrx way to reckless in hopes of the same. my buddy is scared to get in a car with me, or do activities, since i have no sense of self preservation. all my activities have become meaningless and not even fun even more. i used to go wheeling in my taco every friday and loved it. id enjoy fly fishing trips, sitting on a porch for 6 hours just staring at north idaho beauty. and now none of it brings me joy. i even asked my wife for a separation and moved her back home out of state because i cannot open up and i just do not find happiness in her, or anything. i often find myself sitting in a chair, staring at the water thinking, hoping, today is the day i have an accident. also, everyone dies. if something happened then all sadness will pass. for my part time kids it will pass, my family will forget, people move on. second hand suicide pain ptsd
i had plans. i wanted to go to college. i believed that if i would study hard, would get good grades, then i would go to a good school. i do not know why but i always believed that being a good student would be enough. that it would get me a scholarship. 'do not worry about money, just study hard' said my parents. they were wrong. all my classmates and friends went to college last year. i did not. i am a weak person. i looked for a job for a year and now that i got it i want to quit after just a week of working. standing for 8 hours straight is really hard. i do not know if it is because i am fat or because i am used to studying and reading and not using my body. maybe just because i am lazy. i work in a fabric and every time i walk past machines i got these thoughts about just ending my life, about jumping into them. no matter how much i try to stop, my head is imagining ways my body would get destroyed by these machines. it scares me. i am afraid that one day i will actually do it and someone will get hurt. for a year or two, i have been thinking about killing myself but i always have found a reason to stay alive. i even started writing stories again. it helped for a while. not for long. i have talked to my mother and my friends about it, i have talked to a fucking psychologist. but i still feel so lonely. at one moment i want to get help and find a way to earn some money and live the life i want to. but then i realise that it is not going to work out and i want to just end it all. i am sad and angry and hurt but i do not know why. i am trying to find a reason to keep on living. but i do not know for how long i can do it. i have no idea why i am writing it. maybe because i just want to tell someone about how i feel. i do not care. title
i am currently 20 years old. i am going to commit suicide when i turn 25. i was just thinking of crazy and fun things to do before i do commit suicide.for one, i do not want anyone in my life to think that i killed myself i am planning on just getting into a car accident with a tree or something, to make it look like i did not commit suicide , i also want to do a lot of fun things and really enjoy life to the fullest before i do die.the things i have listed right now are to travel to italy a lot of europe really , buy a dog, achieve the physique that i have always wanted, smoke a lot of weed, drink a lot of alcohol, go to a massage parlour, hire a bunch of escorts and possibly have a threesome from that, get a tattoo, if i have the money buy my own car.for anyone who would like to tell me to not commit suicide, please do not. i have already made my decision and do not plan on changing it, but would really love some ideas on things i could do. as for the reason, i am committing suicide, i am short. i am only 5' 5 , and feel pretty small and from what i have heard, women are not interested in short men, so yeah. i mean besides that my life's honestly amazing. great friends, family i literally have the best fucking parents in the world , great cousins, however, i feel like an embarrassment to my parents because of my height. i am brown and i am the same height as my dad but noticeably shorter than my brothers. i am also at a pretty reputable university and on track to get a good paying job, but no point in having money if i am not going to spend it on a family of my own.any idea would be appreciated! i am not entirely sure if this is the correct subreddit, please correct me if i am wrong crazy and fun things to do before committing suicide
i was up all night wanting to kill myself and leave everything behind. i am not a very emotional person so i do not talk about this stuff with people. even when i really need to i can never get myself to cry. i cry like once every six months and when i am down i just feel like my eyes are tired and dry and they hurt like hell. i feel like a husk of a human being and then i think about how i have not felt happy in what3 years? i spiraled deeper and deeper until i felt like i could not breathe. all i can think about all the time is how much i want to die. and then i remember the people around me and how much they love me and that makes me even sadder. i just want them to forget me and let me die. sadness and anger do not go well together and i am a byproduct of that broken marriage. i do not even want to turn back time i just want to disappear and everyone can forget they ever met me. at night i lay in my bed thinking about how much i hate myself and how much i hate everything else even more. the state of the world is going one way and its obviously not up. life is like waiting in line for a roller coaster for five hours and when you finally to the front they fucking announce the ride is out of service.sleeping is even harder because i just have a harder time sleeping with each passing night so i just decide oh i do not need sleep ll just sleep whenever my body gives out but then i remember that sleep is the only way for me to forget that i exist and that its an easy way to avoid my emotions. i try to nap during the day but end up crawling to my desk and just sitting there and then crawling back to my bed. i am going to cut this short because its too long. i am pretty emotionally constipated so naturally one night it hit me like a truck.
there is nothing in my life that i wish more than death yet i am still afraid of doing the thing. i am such a coward, i cannot live a life but i cannot even die, what the hell am i doing here? seems to me that i am just forced to suffer.i really envy you americans, living in the land of the free but i especially envy the second amendment of your constitution.if i was born american, i could have bought a shotgun and put an end to this stupid story. but i are not no american and the only way i have to take my life is through something painful or that does not grant instant death. should i hang myself if i cannot achieve a full suspension? hell no, low suspension method is too risky, takes too much time and there is always a chance for an hero to appear... imagine living a life with a brain that is so rotten it does not allow you to wipe your ass, it would be surprisingly worse than before. then should i just jump from height? and what if i cannot manage to land on the head? it will be an excruciatingly way to leave this place and i do not want to suffer more than i have already did in my life. what other choices do i have left? i do not know, i am not very smart and i cannot think of a painlessly way to die on my own but if you try to search on the internet for a way to do it, you will only get suicide hotlines numbers and related stuff.everything related to suicide is literally censored. we basically have no right to die in this sick, cruel world to the extent that we are forced to stay here, just waiting for the death to come. that is sick, why is that so? it feels cruel to force people living a life of pain and suffering, it feels scary to think you do not have the right to take your own life. i am just waiting for the death to come.
why i am like this. just why. i am lazy and i spend my days doing nothing productive. i am extremely selfish. i am stupid. i hate myself so much that i beat myself causing me pain whenever i do a mistake even in video games which are my escape from reality.i hate my family. they are a bunch of know it all jerks. my sisters are like try to make more friendships irl, it is easy! as it they were me in the first place, plus many of their friendships are plain terrible. i may have had less friends than them, but at least none of them harmed me as much as their friends harmed them. in recent months i realized that up to when i became eight years old my parents and my older sister were abusive towards me and they are acting like nothing happened. i often fear that whenever i do something bad i would get beaten by one of my parents. i sometimes whish they would just get back what they deserve. lastly i hate humanity. among all the species in the planet why did i have to born in the dumbest. a deer who just leaves to eat grass to than be eaten by a wolf is living a better life than 99 of humans. we are put in a rat race no one really wants to take part in. and that 1 not only is a super selfish group of men living better at the expense of other humans, but at the expense of the planet. most humans celebrate them as smart, but if they were really that smart they would find a way to live that life without hurting other humans and the planet. the truth is they are just born rich and so selfish that they would do anything to have more money. but also everyone would do everything for more money just yesterday i came across a dude who faked being deaf to ask money for a charity and i was falling for it. i hate myself, everyone around me and humanity
i am out of options, i just need my voice.. our voice to be heard. i need someone that believes in me, believes in us. i suffer from a rare condition called pssd. i know a lot of you have heard about it but from some comments i have seen a lot of ppl do not seem to take us seriously. unlike some other rare conditions i cannot go to a doctor and be treated or diagnosed with it, we are all literally gaslighted by the same ppl that gave us the condition? so what am i left to do? it was not until after 7 months of having it did i find out that i had pssd. something was off with my body, my emotions, my brain. it was such a relief to find out what it was that i was going through only to be shattered by all the doctors i went to claiming it is not real. now i have tried a lot of things, i have reinstated multiple ssris, it did a good deal on mood but nothing for anhedonia, libido, etc etc, all the things that made my life exciting, enjoyable do not get any sort of side effects from ssris now like i would when i first started using them before pssd. i do not know, i am a fighter. i will not give up until i know its over for me. there is still a couple things i want to try before i come to my final decision on my life. i just know if doctors started working on this years ago they would have found a cure by now. i just feel alone. maybe this is my last push, if nothing will cure me i need communities like this one to push the word out. i know from the inside in especially for all you that have been on anti depressants and were not permanently changed by them, it just does not seem real. but it is, i just need you guys to believe in me, believe in us. because at the end of the day that could be the last of my hope. thank you please help us.
i cannot hold a solid job. my depression, anxiety, and ptsd and who the hell knows what else is just too much for my brain to keep up with. i am a leech. i am never going to contribute anything good to the world, so what is the point?i just want it all to end. i do not know how to go about it though. i have thought about taking a whole bottle of pills, but the chances of failure are too high. i have thought about jumping off a building, but that feels too public. i have thought about just slicing my wrists really deep, but that seems too middle school. lately i have started slamming my head against the wall when i find the time. i am hoping that maybe i will get a concussion and never wake up. or maybe i will start a brain bleed that will take me out eventually. ideally, i would like it to crack my head like an egg. i am too scared of guns, and i definitely cannot buy one so that is out of the picture. i worry that maybe my light fixtures are not strong enough to hold me if i hang myself. i have thought about just starving myself to death, i have an eating disorder that leaves me at 93lbs, so maybe it would not be hard. but i know starving to death would be so shitty. if i die, i do not think my boyfriend would join me, but i know it would fuck him up. i try my best not to write anything about how close i actually am to killing myself because i worry that if i follow through that he will go through my stuff later and see all these plans. if he sees all these plans, i worry it would make him hurt more because it was under his nose this whole time but he could not do anything. i think it is coming soon. nothing is exciting anymore. i just want it all to end. i slam my head against the wall, praying for my head to crack like an egg.
i have lived my life trying to please others and any time i would try to be happy for me i would end up being an ass to others. i turned 18 a week or two ago but i started having thoughts of who am i? what actually makes me happy and not just numbs me to life? what am i to me and not what i want to appear as to others, because i have lived my life trying to please others anytime i agree to something because they make me feel needed but i hate it and if i quit i feel like an ass. anyways that aside i have had thoughts about killing myself not because i feel depressed or something bad happened, i just do not know where to go. i feel so hollow, i feel like a mannequin masquerading as a human. nothing feels like me, i can only enjoy things that make me happy for a short time and then after that nothing. i just go searching for the next thing to try and numb me. i do not think i could ever kill myself because i do not want to force my pain onto my friends and family but there is so many times i can imagine killing myself, i can imagine plunging a knife into the base of my neck under my adams apple, i can imagine when i go out shooting with my sisters husband taking the pistol and blowing my brains out. it is so vivid i can feel the gun in my hand and feel the grip in my hand kicking back as i pull the trigger, but it does not make me feel anything this is the first time i feel something thinking about it but it is because i feel overwhelmed by how ridiculous i sound. i just needed to get this out and maybe get some responses i think, i honestly do not know and as i finish typing this it feels as if something just clicked in my head and now i just feel annoyed at how much of a little pansy ass bitch i am. i do not know what to think
very sad and angry and not in control of my emotions. i keep remembering all the things my piece of shit parents, grandparents, siblings and other people did to me. even the things i have done. i am far from innocent in the situation. i just wish my parents were not fucking breeders so i would not have to go through these intense emotions caused by them because they had a child and was not able to be there for me. i hate them and wish i could never see them again. i never felt safe around those people. my father was always quick to hit somebody and my mom did nothing when he choked slammed me then kicked me afterwards.she was right fucking there! when i asked why she just let it happened,she just said that i needed to behave properly. i guess that she wanted us to know how it felt to get hit by him like that. she always let him hit her all the time because she was too stupid and coward to kick his ass out. nobody better tell me some stupid shit about loving your parents unconditionally because they did not love me that way. they could not even protect me. they betrayed me. i owe them nothing,absolutely nothing at all. anytime i went to them when i needed them they blamed me instead of trying to help.at this point in my life,he abandoned us. but before he did,he had two outside kids with two different women and went with one of the women. and he dares to demand affection and understanding from us. and that is not even the good part. all of my family members on his side agree with him doing all of this and a cousin even threatened to beat me because i refused to talk to them because they saw nothing wrong with what he did. i do not even see the point anymore in anything. anyway i am rambling,this rant is over. emotional turmoil
any time i have any problem, i bring it to other people, if i feel bad, other people end up listening to me, if i need to follow a schedule, other people have to help me. i am tired of being a weight to other people with my own needs. i try to help my friends, but i am not experienced enough in life to fucking know what it is to have all the problems they have. i feel like i am a just a fucking spoiled brat, a child in a body of a 20 year old, that cannot do shit other than bother people with my own personal problems. why is it so hard being fucking useful for myself? oh hey i listened to my friend worries , yea, good, but what about myself? why i cannot listen to my own worries and work on them. people try to help themselves, they try to change one way or the other, all i can do is ask people for help, i cannot fucking place my feet in front of myself to save my own fucking life. most days i just want to sleep forever you know... if all i can do is place my burdens on other people, then why not simply... not exist anymore? just vanish from existance, hide myself in a hole or simply die, it would be so useful, so... practical. seems magical you know, the idea of a peaceful death, a way to clean yourself from sharing your burdens with other people, and from removing that useless weight from their shoulders. i do not think of killing myself, after all, i think that life is a interesting game, and while you are alive, you can always bet something on it to keep going. but at least taking a break from life, and sleeping for days or months seems like a inviting proposition... like a medical coma, where all i need to do is just exist there. why is it so hard to think i am any useful? why do i want to simply sleep and never wake up
in a week i will be gone and this message will be a fragment of who i was. i have to do it, not only because i am in pain but to make sure i never inflict pain again. people say it is selfish but they do not live inside my mind, i am protecting them. they will feel grief, sadness, and confusion. but they will live on and i will eventually be forgotten. i will make sure they know how shitty of a person i really was inside. now, some people disagree with me, say i am not shitty. they say i am human. humans make mistakes, humans can be selfish, humans lie, humans act on emotions, humans think messed up things.if these things are true i have no desire to be human. i really hope there is no after life for me because i just want it all to end. life is not for me. being human is not for me. i want no part in this world.beauty exists to some, i see it in other people. beautiful people like you reading this post, possibly wanting to save me but i believe it is not possible for me.people say things get better, but in my case the world would need to change. human nature would need to change for me to ever be happy.when people talk about fing girls and just getting fucked up and stuff like that. i do not like it, maybe insecure and weak. but i just want love. happiness. i do not think anyone reading this will understand.on top of everything, i am am terrified of becoming a bad person. i am terrified of rejection. i am terrified of being hurt. i am terrified of myself. i am so scared and so hurt. i desperately want this pain to go away. people just keep recommending me breathing technique, or excessive, or coping skills. i appreciate the kindness and caring but, i do not want to feel better. i want to die. i think i am really doing it.
i woke up one morning to hear my grandparents were going to be divorced after 25 years of a tedious and manipulative marriage. i sat there with my grandfather, torn to pieces seeing his wife leave him after so many years. he looked old, tired and absolutely void of all motivation to live. insightful as ever being myself i sat there and thought is this all there really is to life? fake feelings and agony? i began to realize life had no real meaning and everything is quite literally pointless. nobody really makes a difference because we do not even know why we are here or what the fuck we are. birth is a burden and life is just a timer counting down until the moment you disappear and finally go to whatever the fuck comes next.i told my dad about my thoughts and he only told me what i have been told before that there is a purpose. i find this to be a lie and honestly i feel rather terribly enlightened now that i realize nothing has purpose . it may have ruined me and now i think about killing myself all the time literally everyday and life without me in it because it all means nothing but my family loves me too much. i can no longer enjoy anything i do because i know it holds no real value, love will never be real and i am but one of 7.5 billion other fucks who just are in the same spot i am. i plan on dying in college , quickly and very effortlessly. i will leave the world and become of whatever i used to be. there is no purpose to anything and i am now fully aware. months go by only ticking away to my death date, why wait so long when you can do it now. do not die if you do not want to. i just want to erase myself because i am not the same person i was and i have lost all value in my life. thanks. horrific clarity, 17m
there is too much in my life right now. too many changes. deaths in the family, my grandmother went last month and now my grandfather is in the hospital because he starved himself for a month and now has c diff. reconnecting with relatives i have cut contact with for very important reasons. problems with money, my old ass cars in the shop now and i sure as hell cannot afford another used car. part time work is all i can get and the job i have pays like shit and gives me shit hours despite being painfully understaffed. i am in debt and still need to take out more loans for my last year of school. at least i hope its my last year. i can barely pay my bills because job pays like shit. cannot go full time because i have a mentally disabled sibling who cannot be alone and only one parent who has to work full time. i am transgender and i hate that i was born this way, i hate cis people because they treat me like dog shit for trying to exist when i so badly want to off myself. i just want to die man ill never make it. i am 23, trans male. i have never experienced financial comfort, i lived in filthy conditions for my entire childhood because of my abusive father. now i am more poor than ever. tried to kill myself multiple times around 2017 2018. i do not want to go back to that, but life is trying me so fucking hard right now and i am close to cutting myself again on a regular basis. i just want to be a good therapist. i want to be able to help people in ways where many have failed me. i want a small house and a private fenced yard. i want a personal aviary for my birding hobby. i want to be able to have a home, to not have to fucking worry anymore. i do not know what to do anymore. i do not. would you? too much going on
i used to write a lot, draw a lot as a kid and now i cannot even have the motivation to open up a blank page. even if i do, i have spent my whole life feeling like whatever i create will never be worth anything. everything i write has depression plastered all over it. i wish i could create something to escape the dread of living to see another day. but nothing i make is worth the time, and everything is just a reflection of my sick wish to never wake up. i do not know why i even bother to stay alive. i feel like i am living selfishly, but that means i have to want something to begin with. most days i wake up and stay in bed until i get sleepy enough to shut my eyes again. i do not dream often, but the peace of knowing i am not entirely there is comforting. then i wake up to emails billing me for being alive. i play video games to pass the time. it is more of an escape and a way to feel like i did something although in the grand scheme of things, it is all a waste of time and money. sometimes playing video games makes me happy. yet i cannot share that happiness to anyone. it felt more like a dirty little secret than good news, that i am 22 yet i still waste my time and money on something that is worth nothing.i do not know why i am writing this tbh. i had the thought of ending it all but realistically no method is painless and there is always a chance i will survive whatever i do. there is nothing in the future that i have to be alive for. all i see is just, waking up because i could not sleep, maybe for the next few decades. i have no one to talk to and as much as i thought i wanted someone, that means they would have to suffer with me being whatever this state is. it just sucks all around. cannot create anything
17 nbthe handful of people i can talk to i feel like i am pushing myself away from them, and whenever they say its okay for me to talk with them, its short responses since they are always so damn focused on each other and one who i am closest to happens to be my crush and she knows but just does not confront me about knowing and i am not gutsy enough to just tell her cuz i know she is going to date this other dude soonpeople tell me to just talk with her but it makes me so painfully scared because it would not do anything to confess to someone who is not attracted to female presenting people anyways besides the constant anxiety i do not feel much excitement and part of me wants to start the convo so at least i can get a bit of relief but i do not even know how to say i have a crush on you but i want to stay friends and pretend i never said this without losing my best friend my friends all care and i am grateful but i just wish something could push me or tell me what to do ideally she would confront me gently over text or something and just help me not feel so awfuli want to not like people who would not like me back since it just creates dumb unreciprocated emotions that will take forever to heal fromlike i am either numb, pissed, or just straight anxious and having a panic attack and there is rarely any real happiness and i do not know how much longer i cannot stand this without someone finally breaking through this funk i have been in for so longive finally started to understand over the last year why people sh just feeling something besides mental pain would be a blessing at this point thank you to whoever read this far and i appreciate your time and hope you have a wonderful day lt 3 at a crossroads
this motherfucker has only been working here for 1 week. i tried to give him tips on how to work efficiently and to make future work easier for both him and others, but no. hes incredibly arrogant and stubborn. apparently hes been spreading rumors that i take 40 minutes breaks while i was on my off days. this fucking piece of filth is going after my job. my fucking livelihood. what i use to pay my bills. hes been here one week. hes been getting into it with other workers too. but you are not going to go after my income. i will not sit quietly and let some fucking newbie ruin my life. this piece of shit has no god damn clue what i have been through at this place. how hard i fucking work at this god forsaken place. sorry. but i have been holding that in all day ever since i found out. thankfully my supervisor knows how hard i work, and trusts me. all i try to do in one day is get to work, do a good job, and go home. just leave me alone. do not talk to me. just let me work. stay out of my business. you do your work, ill do mine. leave me alone. just leave me alone. i do not know what i am going to do. i cannot relax in my own home. just knowing some shithole is already trying to get me fired after a week of work. ill admit i was the nicest to the guy, but that was after he would not listen to me. after he would argue with me even though i know what i am doing. i lost my patience and started talking back to his passive aggressive comments. i have put to much work into this place to let some newbie talk to me like that. again, sorry for the rant. i have not been in a good headspace ever since i started working here. i wish i could just fall asleep and never wake up. asswipe at work trying to get me fired.
for the last few months i have been feeling less and less powerful emotions. i do not feel genuine. every time i talk to someone else, it feels like an act. i just go with the flow of the schedule my mother made for me. wake up, take the dog for a walk, sit down to study, eat, go out for a jog, study more and sleep. i used to play some games and cube but i do not find any joy in those things anymore.and now for the last couple of weeks i feel like i spend every moment of my conscious day about falling off a building. i go through the day on autopilot with the thought of the wind rushing all over my body in the foreground of my thoughts.i had a girlfriend and a few friends before i started losing interest in interacting with others as it felt taxing and just boring. slowly my interactions with them stopped.i do not even feel horny anymore, jacking off feels like just another task to do in the morning. i used to find people attractive but now everyone looks the same. i still try to act like a nice person when online because i thought that the whole happiness multiplies by sharing it had some weight to it but it does nothing for me.i have this empty feeling in my gut all the time. i try to ignore it by studying the whole day but it just does not stop.my father fucking hates me now after i told him about this, my mother is acting like i never told her about this.i tried to make myself happy by taking a couple of days to just do the things that made me happy but they feel like chores i imposed on myself.i just fucking hate that i spend every day thinking about falling but do not have the guts to really do it. i always feel at the verge of crying but can never cry. i feel like i am not a person any more.
half 2, ik wil mn brein uit mn kop schieten en niks meer voelende laatste dagen is een achtbaan van een top die ik nog nooit heb gevoeld naar een dieptepunt waar ik hoopte nooit meer te komenik wil nu op mn fiets stappen, donker of niet, ik wil op mn bankje zitten voor de laatste nog even kijken naar dat mooie uitzicht, en dan niks. ik wil dat het dan ophoud, ik weet uit elke positieve dag nog wel iets negatiefs te halen waardoor ik gelijk kan veranderen van stemming. mensen hebben het veel erger dan mij en nogsteeds klaag ik dat ik dood wil omdat ik zo mentaal zwak ben. als ik dat dan ook ben, prima, eentje minder die misschien door een familie word gemist, maar voor de wereld. er veranderd niks ik ben een micro stipje. laat me gewoon niks meer voelen. ook niet geluk, ik wil dat nooit meer proeven. ik zal elke dag dan met de angst leven om het te verliezen. sorry opie dat ik de eerste ben die van de trein afstapt... maar ik heb mijn eindstation bereikt... ik kan gewoon niet meer zo leven. dit is geen fucking impuls, geen fucking therapie heeft mij echt geholpen. klote pilletjes waar ik niks van voel of alleen maar mij vlak maakt. de gesprekken heb ik alleen maar zodat ik ook maar aan iemand mn gedachtes kwijt kan. een schreeuw voor hulp. iemand die deze kanker uit mijn brein kan halen. maar ik ben bang of voel dat dat gewoon niet voor mij is opgelegd. bang dat als ik iets mooi vind, het kwijt of kapot te maken.. en als ik depressief ben, weet verdomme dan voel ik nog iets. gewoon iets. ik lang voor die kogel die gewoon zegt, hou je bek, wees stil, voor hoelang, weet ik veel, waarnaartoe, zoveel mensen hebben ideen erover. ik wil gewoon dat het klaar is. was ik altijd bestemd of te falen. ciao
i have been a sports fan all my life.i also have been thinking about killing myself literally since i can remember. in many ways i feel my life is like a movie i have not seen yet but already know the ending to it. it ends with suicide, i have known this always.i grew up in s country that had not a lot of access to baseball, it was more of a soccer kind of a country. circumstances have lead me to be only partially employed at the same time my marriage is going thru a rough patch. i think it is safe to say this is the most depressed i have been in my life. folks, i am not sure how i come out of this one.enter mlb opening day. always been a baseball fan but never had the time and resources to really really follow a season i get the mlb thingy for free with my phone provider so... i watch all the games, every single game my team plays. i know the names, the averages the everything. baseball has given me a reason to look forward to tomorrow, to see what happens the next weekend, the next series. my team sucks this year by the way but i do not even feel bad about it! i am like riding a high, while my world and my life collapse around me i am sitting like an idiot watching baseball and loving it!truth is, we are halfway thru the season and i am dreading the end. no more baseball, no more looking forward. no more games means i can focus on my dark and gloomy circumstances and the fighting and the crying and i honestly do not know if i have the energy to keep putting up with it all.so here i am.not in immediate risk of offing me but scared oh so scared of what the future may bring.tldr i do not think i am making it to christmas people, love you all. i honestly think baseball is saving my life for now
every time something hopeful happens i fuck it up because i am me, i am the problem, not bad luck, not lack of opportunity. just me as a person. i just want to stop wanting to die and with every passing day and every crushing disappointment it feels more and more like suicide is the answer to that. this has been years. i have done the right things. i have spoken to people. this past few months i have made so many positive changes in a desperate bid to survive but i need to draw a line somewhere. enough is enough. i really think i am done. the only real sense peace, joy, or happiness i get anymore is when i fantasise about leaving this world. there is nothing left for me here. i know i need to go but its terrifying. nobody knows what happens when you die but i have heard a lot of recounts of people who nearly died who say it is peaceful and that is what i am trying to cling on to now. i cannot deal with the crushing loneliness, rejection, the lack of affection or appreciation. that seems to come to some people so naturally. i figured out a pretty sure method been saving my extra medication up for long enough to hopefully have enough to really shut myself down. but frustratingly that part of me that is still scared of the unknown is stopping things. i do not want to live in limbo anymore i either want to live a proper life, or i just want to fucking die. i have tried so hard at option number one. please believe me i have. i guess i am here looking for a reason to live or a reason to die. drag me up or push me over the edge. just do not make me sit on this stupid fence any more. oh, just stay a bit longer, see what happens!!. what about when you have already done that? getting closer every day
i 13nb to specify why i tagged csa have bpd and there is someone i really really really really like ill call them x who i used to date and they became my favorite person but i did not know it but after some drama i wwas forced to break up with them and we cut ties but after a few months we became friends again and i realized they were my favorite person but now they have another gf andd sometimes x says romantic things to me and makes me feel really happy but x also really likes abusing and manipulating me they say this outright and they wish they could sexually abuse me and kill me but also that they love me and sometimes i vent on another socmed about how i have intrusive thoughts about doing mundane romantic things with them and they get uncomfortable with it and they always try to get me to hate them because they are an abuser and i just . cannot. i cannot force myself to hate them. whenever i talk about how i feel about them they start sayng nice thing s to me to get me all flustered bbut i know ill never really be able to date them again and that i am a fuckign monster ijust feel like i am going to be trapped in this endless loop of despair forever nd ever and ever and i feel like and i was going to jump off of the bridge near my house but that would be too much effort since its really late at night where i am and i would wake my parents up but i just do not feel like i can do this anymore. i even wrote down my suicide note in an old notebook of mine. i sent my sister my computer password and i have done everything but i just feel frozen. i do not know if i should do it or not iiiii cannot fucking do this anymore! tw csa? i am having a psychotic break rn sorry if this is badly worded
look i am on here because the suicide national hotline is the shittiest thing in the world. they do not show emotion or sympathy, its all about trying to diagnose you. anyways, i am on here because i am tired of trying to thrive and ultimately failing time and time again, and each time i fail, i fall farther down. this life is the tutorial anyways right? but i am just trying to find the least painful way to go out so i can end things today, so a quick response would be appreciated. depression has been a constant battle for a long time, not fitting in or being accepted, yet having a burning desire to be accepted and loved. its the paradox of humanity, needing to be loved by others, but never truly being loved by others so that need festers into a want that burns with passion. my gf cheated on me and left me, my relationship with god is.idk honestly, he knows i care about him, yet hes still silent and the bible is never direct about what i, me, myself am going through, its vague. the only reason i have not taken a bullet to my brain is that scared of pain, but i am also terrified of ending up in hell for simply wanting to end a grievous cycle, i knew life was shitty, but now we have to be punished for it as well? damnanyways, i am terrified of life as well. college and my social anxiety have caused me to lose sleep as well as the fact that all my friends have left me, no seriously, every single one. i used to be popular, but now i am just a lonesome guy in college trying to convince myself to try to thrive again even though i know ill fail. anyways, that felt good to get out, but i am looking for a painless way to die, if you know, please respond to this thread, thank you yea, goodbye world
depression has ruined my future. i am just now realizing it will be almost impossible for me to go to a good grad school because i have so many ws on my transcript. i had a depressive episode my spring semester of college. i ended up getting 3 ws do not worry, i have more than just 3 on my transcript that semester. i moved states thinking all i needed was a fresh scenery and so i enrolled in community college. at first it was going well. then i got depressed again and dropped one of the two classes i was in. i stupidly signed up for 4 classes the next semester and ended up getting ws for all of those classes as well. i have 8 ws in total. when i was in high school, i made straight as and dreamed of going to a prestigious college. due to suicidal depression, i did not put as much effort in college applications my senior year. i thought id be able to redeem myself for grad school but not only do i go to a low ranked state school but i have tons of ws. you may be thinking college prestige is a hoax but i want to one day be a professor. in academia, the prestige of your college matters a ton. i have to say goodbye to that dream all because i have depression. even though i am just now getting back on track academically made straight as in community college . i got rejected from my dream school and now have to say goodbye to my dreams. i am 21. it does not get better. i just want to die so bad. i cut myself really bad a week ago and still have an open wound. i wanted so bad to pierce it through my stomach and slowly bleed out. i do not care about the pain when it comes to suicide anymore. i deserve it and i hate myself. i cannot do this anymore. i want to kill myself so bad. i hate being alive
i feel like being male just made life 10 times harder for me. i have less friends now and i get bullied and misgendered. no matter how much effort i put into trying to pass i am constantly called mam, she miss, her etc. i was so pretty as a female. i had bright blue eyes and thick hair and an amazing body. now i look greasy snd my hips stick out and they look too feminine for someome trying to look male. i cannot even pull anyone. boys or girls. especially when i like cis guys more. i sometimes get the urge to just throw everything i had away, style my hair kind of girlie, and put on modern clothes girls wear today and try to get male attention, because i genuinely feel so lonely and touched starved that as long as someone finds me attractive, i am completely okay. i know that i was meant to be a male, i have socially transitioned for the most part that i cannot just go back i know i truly should not go back becayse id be living that lie again, but i also feel like i should have stayed a girl. i want to run away to where no one knows me and just do that. but i am still under 18. its so unfair. i never asked for this. i could have stayed normal . but if i transition fully i am stuck never feeling enough like a male, and if i detransition, i know what really is happening inside. i have not had a breakdown this bad over it. ill typically ruminate about it rarely but this is really bad. i am so jealous of both my cis female and male friends, becayse i feel like i have been robbed from living a life like either of them. i honestly want to kill myself but i know i cannot do that either. i wish. i was not me. id switch bodies with anyone right at this moment. i do not want to be trans anymore
id like to say that i have lived a pretty normal life, nothing is really depressing about my life except how i perceive my own life. i have been diagnosed as having an anxiety disorder, so its really hard to just reach out to others because of constant overthinking, and i was also diagnosed with moderate to severe depression. i am 20 years old and in my high school years i have always constantly thought about killing myself just because i feel like a waste of a body a waste a space and a complete disappointment to my mother. i tried going to therapy genuinely looking for help and all i got was zoloft. while still on zoloft i still felt the same and for some reason in my senior year i completely stopped going to school and ended up dropping out, mom was not too proud of that. all i did all day was play video games smoke weed and work at a fast food restaurant. i actually started dating a girl for about 9 months which is my longest relationship but about 5 months ago she broke up with me which was okay i knew i would get over it but she started telling everyone and persistently posted saying i raped her throughout our entire relationship which completely caught me by surprise we got into an argument and the posting became consistent and most of the people i actually loved all see me as a monster that destroyed an innocent girl. i have contemplated suicide so often it no longer makes me sad and i am trying to find the absolute easiest and painless method on doing so. i guess i just need some help with this whole situation because i do not know what to do i get a good amount of threats i have already told the police of the situation i am just lost and i only see one way out. i want to die
id like to say that i have lived a pretty normal life, nothing is really depressing about my life except how i perceive my own life. i have been diagnosed as having an anxiety disorder, so its really hard to just reach out to others because of constant overthinking, and i was also diagnosed with moderate to severe depression. i am 20 years old and in my high school years i have always constantly thought about killing myself just because i feel like a waste of a body a waste a space and a complete disappointment to my mother. i tried going to therapy genuinely looking for help and all i got was zoloft. while still on zoloft i still felt the same and for some reason in my senior year i completely stopped going to school and ended up dropping out, mom was not too proud of that. all i did all day was play video games smoke weed and work at a fast food restaurant. i actually started dating a girl for about 9 months which is my longest relationship but about 5 months ago she broke up with me which was okay i knew i would get over it but she started telling everyone and persistently posted saying i raped her throughout our entire relationship which completely caught me by surprise we got into an argument and the posting became consistent and most of the people i actually loved all see me as a monster that destroyed an innocent girl. i have contemplated suicide so often it no longer makes me sad and i am trying to find the absolute easiest and painless method on doing so. i guess i just need some help with this whole situation because i do not know what to do i get a good amount of threats i have already told the police of the situation i am just lost and i only see one way out. i want to die
i feel like being male just made life 10 times harder for me. i have less friends now and i get bullied and misgendered. no matter how much effort i put into trying to pass i am constantly called mam, she miss, her etc. i was so pretty as a female. i had bright blue eyes and thick hair and an amazing body. now i look greasy snd my hips stick out and they look too feminine for someome trying to look male. i cannot even pull anyone. boys or girls. especially when i like cis guys more. i sometimes get the urge to just throw everything i had away, style my hair kind of girlie, and put on modern clothes girls wear today and try to get male attention, because i genuinely feel so lonely and touched starved that as long as someone finds me attractive, i am completely okay. i know that i was meant to be a male, i have socially transitioned for the most part that i cannot just go back i know i truly should not go back becayse id be living that lie again, but i also feel like i should have stayed a girl. i want to run away to where no one knows me and just do that. but i am still under 18. its so unfair. i never asked for this. i could have stayed normal. but if i transition fully i am stuck never feeling enough like a male, and if i detransition, i know what really is happening inside. i have not had a breakdown this bad over it. ill typically ruminate about it rarely but this is really bad. i am so jealous of both my cis female and male friends, becayse i feel like i have been robbed from living a life like either of them. i honestly want to kill myself but i know i cannot do that either. i wish. i was not me. id switch bodies with anyone right at this moment. i do not want to be trans anymore
i suffer from an incurable and poorly treated condition. people underestimate it then abandon me when they realize how bad it gets. is it me? is it something i did wrong? they tell me it is just too depressing to see someone get that sick so often with no way of easing it. that they did not know it was that bad. i am currently with someone that did the same thing in the beginning of the relationship. underestimate it when after previous experiences i made sure i was extremely clear. he led me to believe he would protect me. once again i ask him if it is something i am doing and he just said i should have known he was stupid when i made it clear in the beginning. that it was my fault for believing him. he is only interested in me now when he has a boner and i am severely depressed about it, which makes me cold and he complains he does not get laid enough. vicious cycle. but i am currently in the middle of a bad flare from my condition and can barely walk. i cannot go anywhere. i have to stay here and even if i did make it out, i would end up in a homeless shelter. so i lay here now in the dark everyday terrified of my next attack, about to run out of pto and will need to go on disability and that is a gamble tbh , and the only person in my life that was committed to helping me is now terrified of my condition yet will still try to be present only if he has a boner. and if i move out i will not really have that much of a better life anyways. fuck man. fuck. i cannot even believe this is my life. i cannot believe how many shitty people exist in this world. everyone is a mix of stupid and crazy and i have to rely on them to survive. i am so fucked. i am headed towards a mental breakdown.
so i lead a pretty lonely life i am going to, i work and play video games and go to the gym. this is all i do with my life everyday and it has been feeling pointless and repetitive and i feel like i am stuck in a loop. i do not have an outgoing personality and i prefer to be alone, maybe because i am used to it and have become addicted to the thought of being alone and not needing anyone to rely on. i do not find anything interesting besides the things i listed above, i do like some activities like going to the movies or going on a hike but would feel weird with doing these activities alone so i find myself just sitting at home all day and repeating my same actions. i am complaining about this lifestyle but also am not doing anything to stop it. i understand i can change it by being more social and going out but i do not think its as simple as that , its almost as if i cannot even though technically i can. i do not have any friends and even if i do social activities with my family i still feel very alone. pretty much what i am asking is, is there anyone out there who relates to how i feel or if they did how did they get out of this feeling. this all started my freshman year of high school when i was 14, i am now 20 and i feel it has been the same. i had a girlfriend for almost 2 years but that did not work out obviously that is why i am here lol, i tried dating apps as well and it has not been working, i am tall and i like to think i am attractive ? not that it matters but yea i just would like to solve my issue as it is only getting worse. just wanted you to get a good perspective on my life and if there is anything wrong with me. just want to rant and see if anyone feels the same
this really fits better here, i am thinking about ways i could go out. nobody would miss me after a few days anyway honestly, this life has been nothing but the worst experience possible and always goes downhill no matter what i try i have had to deal with being isolated as a child, growing up with neither parents and not even knowing one, being bullied throughout the entire course of school. better yet, how about changing schools and being isolated harder because nobody knows you. it also does not help being ugly and the biggest person in every room.i had nobody to support or encourage me during schooling so i just did whatever and somehow passed. you would think hs would have been better but nope, i literally fit in with no groups and stayed to myself until i dropped out in 10th grade.but here we are now, i am an at home slave for lazy people who will use many types of verbal and mental abuse to make me do things which has made it impossible for me to tell people no. if i am injured or sick i am forced to work through it but if someone else is the same, i have to be a nurse while also being insulted for not doing things perfect. i am not allowed to make any accidents i am 20, have been trying to finish high school for the past 3 years and i am at 23.5 24 credits and have to wait until october to get my final half of a class.its been setback after setback, i have gained extreme body image issues to the point i workout in a very unhealthy way, pushing myself and also staving myself. the funny part is, i am actually ok at everything i do but somehow i always get worst at everything over time. i just want to end this so i can try again or something is 1st world problems nobody cares
there is a song called tounge and it makes me feel something idk what it is but idk.and pretty much it makes me really fucking miss this guy hes my best friend and i just miss him so so so so fuckin much and when i hear the song i want to off myself and just want to self harm and want to harm myself in anyway possible but like also its like when i want to kill myself there is a way i want to fall like for a long time and just fall and fall and fall and while i am falling i want to listen to this song just over and over and over while i am falling into nothing with no other sounds just the song put i also want pain like a the pain that feels good like idk but to put a picture in your mind its pitch black your falling endlessly and its peaceful tho but while your falling there are ruby red lights that match the beat of the music and you just fall to red lights that match the beat of the song and you just think and think to the song while falling but you also feel a nice pain like when you keep a finger under really hot water and then it feels freezing or like something and then you take it out that pain but all over but you want it to all happen its like idk but you do eventually stop falling but you fade away in to dust while your falling and it turns white and you just fade to the song and idk to me it seems like the most peaceful and beautiful way for me to go that is the way i do want to go just fading while falling down a long tunnel to the song tounge while red flashes match every beat and you feel a pain but one you love but everywhere else is numb you do not even feel the air wrap around the sides of you when you fall but eventually your just gone. tounge its kind of weird
i am 17 and i live in a shit 3rd world country in the middle east, my parents are hardworking, i love them a lot more than anything, i have a few friends that are like family to me, and i have a brother who is fucked in the head and keeps screaming and yelling when he has no job and fucks around, today he broke my room and started calling me names because i am fat, just because i drank his cola can or sth, i did not know that it belonged to him, and tbh the only time i feel comfort is woth my friends, they are the place i feel better and i feel belong with them, but they have families that love them and brothers sisters that care about them, my mother has a low danger stage cancer, and i do not want her to feel worse mentally that is why i do not want to tell her anything about my mental health, and my father has already so many pressure in life so that goes for him too, i love them but i do not feel comfortable with them, our country is a shityard where dreams are demolished, the only reasons stopping me from killing myself are my parents, and my religion.i just do not know anymore i just cannot live like this, in my whole childhood i never felt normal i always thought about helping my parents and i did not buy nice thing or expensive shit like all my friends, and always wanted to help everybody that i did not even get to enjoy being a kid, i think anyone who lived a life like mine probably killed themselves already, i do not know what to do, there are local departments in hospitals about mental health in my country but i cannot go there without warning my parents and therefore putting pressure on them.i just want to feel normal for once, atleast in my adulthood. i need help
i cannot bring myself to do anything, it is almost a year and i have stopped giving exams completely. i have one coming up but instead of studying i am here wasting my time, i just cannot do it. the idea of having to speak in front of someone for so long it is just crippling, even if it is in front of a screen. so studyng seems pointless because i already know i will probably chicken out anyways. i do not know if i will ever be able to graduate, or even if i will be able to work, apparently any kind of responsibility is way too much for me to handle. i already told my parents that i want to just quit, they keep saying what is the alternative or at least try . i think they are sick and tired of me, i mean who would blame them. my girlfriend will probably leave me when she realizes how much of a failure and a mess i am. i tried to go to therapy but did not quite work, i just felt like i could not thrust her one bit. sleeping is becoming harder and harder, i do not want to sleep and wake up the next day, so i just try to delay the inevitable by not sleeping. i know it is dumb, i cannot help it. suicide seems everyday closer. i cannot function like a normal human being, i am basically a parasite. i serve no purpose other than wasting resources. i do not know if that is because i am mentally incapable or if i am just lazy and trying to find excuses, but if the latter is true i deserve death even more. i do not know what is stopping me, probably the fear of failure and the idea of making the few people that love me unconditionally suffer throught the pain of loss, but at the same time i really do think they would be better off without me in the long term insert clickbait title
my life sucks. i am a 24 year old male who is so miserable. i have no friends. no social support besides my parents. i do not have my bachelor degree yet. i am obese. i feel like so many people dislike me. i do not like the city i live in. i constantly think ruminate about my bad memories of the past. such memories include getting choked and bullied by a football player who is currently in the nfl. so many people at the school i attended loved and worshiped him.he was such a jerk and bully. what he did to me shattered me emotionally and mentally and affected my manhood. all i said was pick up the cups one day after practice my freshman year humbly and he tried to fight me on the field before somebody tried to break it up. we exchanged words as we head back in the locker room and i knew in my mind i had to fight this arrogant bully because i remember being bullied in 6th grade and i told myself that you got to stand for yourself or he is going to continue to pick on you and bully you. long story short i charge at him and he got my in a chokehold where we exchanged punches before some body pushed him to a locker getting betrayed by my friends dropping out of high school my senior year and not being able to finish wrestling season because of my severe depression. not being able to play football my senior year of high school because of severe anxiety and having numerous panic attacks. not going to prom women showing no interest me being an outsider their is so many things i would say but i do not want to take to much of yalls time.sometime i feel like suicide is the only option because my life is terrible. i am at rock bottom and i feel depressed and suicidal all the time
yesterday i was on muni and i was smoking cigar like i normally do meanwhile a guy across from me is blast gangsta rap. about 3 mins in of smoking i was good. then the dude blasting gangsta rap starts complaining put that shit out! i am like no. he is all i hate rats like you it stinks, and broke is all you will ever be! i am like but you blastin music. he is all you irritating more ppl than me, now i turned it down, now put yours out. i am like no then he snitches to bus driver and i call him a snicth. then he is all the like your mama's a snitch meanwhile i put it out and he turns back up the gangsta rap and starts rapping obnoxiously. then bus driver starts threatening to kick me off and bout a fucking mask. so i put on a scarf. we eventually all get kicked off for me smoking and the gangsta rap. moral is everyone want listen to gangsta rap but nobody can do gangsta shit. they talk the talk but cannot walk the walk. nobody can handle the reality of it. everytime somebody does she me gangsta shit someone winds up snitching, wining or going against it. everyone claims to be from the hood, wears gangsta clothing baggy pants,jordans cortezes, white tee and gold teeth but nobody can handle the lifestyle. i am a rebel, outlaw, i do shit that goes against the law and idgaf i do not dress like a gangsta and do not claim to be one but i hate people so fuck them. i am always smoking on bus i never where a mask and i i play my loud ass music. but do i complain when others do the same? no. i always get kicked off the bus and will continue too. this cognitive dissonance of the american gangsta drives me insane everybody listens to gangsta rap but will not do gangsta shit
they were so attractive to me. i loved them obsessively. it was not love, it was passionate obsessive desperate lust. i would have done anything to touch their pale pink body. i longed desperately to taste them. to tie them up, lick, and kiss their back slowly. i would make love to them. breathe heavily i to their ear. thrust my fingers inside them, lick and suck the juices off. the sound of their moans if pleasure sent my spiraling. i wanted to hear them cum so hard they began to cry, cough, and gag. i wanted to see their eyes roll back into their skull and watch their legs go numb from over stimulation. i wanted to force my tongue deep inside their anus and the slide it on just to lick, tease, and edge their puss for hours.i wanted every inch of them. i would have sucked their toes if they let me. it is maddening. i wanted a cock just so i could fuck them. it was the first time i understood penis envy. i would imagine myself getting hard and watching them stroke their clit and drip with desire, begging to get penetrated. desperately widening their legs and panting like a dog breathing heavily with those sexy pink plump lips of theirs. i could barely take it. they drive me insane. i needed to touch them. to hold them. to kiss them. i felt like i would die if i could not have a single taste. i did not care if they did not love me. i did not care if they did not want me. i thought about them ever day. every second. i still think about them. i am salivating just thinking about tasting them. the universe is without mercy. i miss those lips, above and below your belt. i feel like dying. is it wrong to long for someone so hopelessly? i fell in love with an fbi agent
the best option i have available to me is a shotgun to the face or chest i prefer the latter b c the idea of going out suddenly is somehow scarier than whatever pain and rapid deterioration to death would come from birdshot to the heart. b c of the length of the barrel i cannot pull the trigger normal ly i have to tie a sash to each foot, looped through the trigger guard, and kick with one foot. that way i could fit the end of the barrel into my mouth or my chest.the last time i got close, but my nerves fell apart after i would done everything but take the safety off. i put it away instead and cried for the first time in a long time, but only briefly. today i had my second chance i only have the opportunity when i am alone in the house . i set myself up better a little bit of forethought led to comforters and pillows being laid down and wrapped around my body to absorb at least some of the blood and got down to properly loading the thing and taking the safety off. my heart was pounding as it was last time, and my kicking foot started to shake. i put the safety back on, tried to calm down, took it off again, and still could not manage to fire the thing. i ended up untying my feet and putting the gun away. as i sit here typing this the pillows and sheets are still set up next to my bed where i would been sitting, and i am waiting in line for the suicide lifeline chat b c i have never done it before and as useless as i have heard it is, it probably cannot hurt. i am in with the wrong zip code and a fake name, so hey.now......................what do? this is the second time in less than a week that i have gotten within a hair of killing myself and chickened out.
i lost 90 of both mine and my parent's life savings that took us 10 years to save up in the span of a year shorting the stock market last year. it started with a 5k loss that i could not let go of and now has ballooned to more than 90k the equivalent of more than 2 years of my salary. had i invested in index funds i would have made 90k instead of the loss. the amount of money we lost and lost out on is staggering. while the vast majority of people made a killing last year not only did i not get any gains i lost so much in the greatest bull market in history. i just saw a report saying that the average wealth of canadian households has ballooned to over 1 million whereas our family is left with almost nothing. it hurts so much more knowing i lost so much while everyone else got so rich. i know i was stupid in continuing to short but how does the s amp p500 go up more than 80 during a worldwide pandemic is beyond me. so not only are we pretty much all out of savings, the massive inflation we have currently has caused our monthly expenses to almost double. the amount of guilt is overwhelming, i single handedly ruined our financial future for at least the next decade and my parents have to bear the brunt of the consequences of my actions. they could have been retired by now but now have to work at least a few additional years due to my fuck ups. a once in a life time opportunity to increase our wealth and what do i do? i fucking lost 90 of our current savings. it is so hard to go on but i have to stay, cannot just off myself after losing all our family's money. everyday is just so hard.sorry for the rant, had to let it out. i cannot go on, the guilt is crushing
the best option i have available to me is a shotgun to the face or chest i prefer the latter b c the idea of going out suddenly is somehow scarier than whatever pain and rapid deterioration to death would come from birdshot to the heart. b c of the length of the barrel i cannot pull the trigger normally i have to tie a sash to each foot, looped through the trigger guard, and kick with one foot. that way i could fit the end of the barrel into my mouth or my chest.the last time i got close, but my nerves fell apart after i would done everything but take the safety off. i put it away instead and cried for the first time in a long time, but only briefly. today i had my second chance i only have the opportunity when i am alone in the house . i set myself up better a little bit of forethought led to comforters and pillows being laid down and wrapped around my body to absorb at least some of the blood and got down to properly loading the thing and taking the safety off. my heart was pounding as it was last time, and my kicking foot started to shake. i put the safety back on, tried to calm down, took it off again, and still could not manage to fire the thing. i ended up untying my feet and putting the gun away. as i sit here typing this the pillows and sheets are still set up next to my bed where i would been sitting, and i am waiting in line for the suicide lifeline chat b c i have never done it before and as useless as i have heard it is, it probably cannot hurt. i am in with the wrong zip code and a fake name, so hey.now......................what do? this is the second time in less than a week that i have gotten within a hair of killing myself and chickened out.
tw 3 nights ago, i wrote out a 6 page note and took a ton of pills. but somehow, i still woke up. i was exhausted and slept the day after and the day after but was fine today. no one but my therapist knows what happened. everyone in the house knew i was suicidal but they trusted me with my medication in my room i am chronically ill so there is a lot when they should not have. i have been trying to commit suicide since age 9 and that is not an exaggeration. i have tried so many times and it never worked. i even stepped in front a car to get run over. people always say it will get better or this too shall pass but it has not. i am 20 now, 11 years of feeling suicidal. i have never in my life felt more at peace than 3 days ago when i took those pills and left my notebook at the foot of the bed. i was relieved, i was happy that it was my last night. but it was not. i woke up. i wish i had those stories that i woke up or i was released from inpatient and i regretted it and i loved life. but i do not. there is so many times in my life where i think f , i really wish it worked i am spiritual and i think maybe my dad died when i was 12 will not let me die because he wants me to have a long life. or maybe god has bigger plans for me soon. maybe i am meant to be something, to do something. maybe i have a purpose in this world and i am needed down here. but i just cannot figure out what that purpose is. i just keep crying because frankly, i am mad. i am mad that i am being kept in this place that i am miserable in. i have wanted to go up and visit my dad and poppop and uncles and friends and everyone else i have lost but they do not want me. not yet. wishing it worked
sadly nothing's improvingmy dui case has finally come up read my post history after a year ... i show up, they want to have me wear some kind of patches that detect drugs over the course of a year. they are expensive, and i cannot afford them. i am supposed to show up again for everyone to argue this over again in two weeks.this dui is for an anxiety prescription that i took as instructed, that had an unexpected reaction. i only took it once. if covid 19 had not happened, i would not have needed the medication.i have been not taking anything for anxiety and have just lived with them several times a day. i was even given a prescription that should not have any of the effects given by previous medication, but i have not. i am too scared to take the chance. i am running through my savings and will likely be homeless. that means this is still going to be on my record for a year and be dismissed. the problem until i can get this dismissed it will still be hard to get a decent job, any job. i have already lost jobs i applied to over this. i will not be able to get this expunged for a year. i feel like everything is conspiring to make me homeless and die on the streets in the near future. it is a sign for me to give up.as i said earlier i am already the walking dead and i just need help my body to catch up to it.more and more i am thinking it is time. time for me to leave this life. i am thinking two weeks from now at midnight.i am a failure at life, i wish i could tell everyone i am sorry before i leave. i just do not see a way out.i am just venting, sorry to bother anyone. update soon i am going to be gone. covid 19 ended my life, and i did not even get sick.
i used to say this because i felt that way personally. that id be better off dead because it would stop the pain. but now, i realize the statement is true. it would benefit everyone. i know, people would be sad its a natural reaction when somebody dies. but in the end, it would be a good thing.i am not wanted by my family. i live with my dad, unfortunately his girlfriend, and my brother. his girlfriend is very narcissistic, emotionally abusive, and overall toxic. my dad and brother are so manipulated by her that the only time they can see the real her is when they fight. otherwise, i am the monster for calling her out on her abusive behaviours. i am only 18, so i cannot really move out yet. today, i heard my dad apologizing for me living here. i do not know what i did it was right after we had dinner and there was no conflict. maybe its just my existence that is the problem. i am only a problem to these people. i cannot take it anymore. id say i have my boyfriend to live for but id only be convincing myself of a sad lie. we see each other maybe once a month now. he has no interest in spending time with me unless it involves sex. he would be sad, but i am probably just holding him back. hes better off without me. i have no friends. at all. i am unemployed due to covid, so i sit in my bedroom 24 7 trying not to relapse with self harm. i wrap my belt around my neck just to feel like i am going through with it. its the only time i get where i feel at peace. does that count as self harm? maybe i am not clean. idk.i am tired. i am tired of being a problem. tired of being unwanted. tired of being a burden. beyond tired of living. i am truly better off dead
i have reached out to so many who i have done wrong and even to those who have done wrong to me and forgiven them. i am so so tired of trying. i am tired of trying for another year for trying to be better for my family for trying to be better i am tired. i know no one will respond to this i know that very few people respond to my things and that is fine i am just another person in a giant world. i am not expecting forgiveness and they should not expect forgiveness from me i guess what i wanted was connection. someone to see me for more than who i have been and for who i want to be. i just cannot do it anymore i am reaching 26 in america that means that you have to be on your own you pay for your own health insurance even if you cannot afford it and i cannot afford it. no one has ever been in love with me i have not had friends in years in my own family cannot stand me. and honestly i do not think anyone will read this i am putting out here to say and i am planning to end it that i will end it before i am 26 that i will no longer be a burden on my family. i cannot do this anymore the world is ending the earth is dying and humans do not care about each other and how to fix it. so if people do not even care about the planet they are living on how can i expect him to care about one of the billions who lives on it. i cannot i am nothing i will be only one amongst millions who have come before me and dies forgotten. i do not even quite know what i have done wrong other than being born a girl that is stupid and ugly and fat. i hope so many of you find love and happiness and purpose. i hope no one ever feels the way i do. i hope but i am tired. i am tired.
i have struggled with depression for about a year and a half, ever since the pandemic happened. i started feeling bad when life denied travel, friends, socialization, even exercise to a point . now, since i am vaccinated and places have been opening up, i have gotten to travel and see my friends again, but it is not really the same. life just feels like a dark hallway, but with a black hole chasing you around, as well as pitfalls a mile deep that are covered in wet algae on the smooth walls. not to mention, the farther you run down the hallway, the darker it gets. basically, life sucks.my mom constantly tells me it will get better, i swear and i would love to believe her, but unfortunately, after experiencing near constant stress and sadness, i have been less and less able to cling onto that hope and more and more kill myself. everybody says what a great person i am, and i genuinely appreciate their compliments, but i am not sure how i am supposed to stay alive when there is the prospect of eternal happiness and life is a hellhole.also, i am in boy scouts, and i am going to summer camp in a couple of days. now, bsa does a cool little thing called the swim test, which you have to pass if you want to participate in certain merit badges. this is what is been causing me lots of anxiety over the past week. i am trying to swim a little bit, so i can get used to the water before i have to take the test, but i am still pretty anxious about the test.essentially, life has kind of been stretching me very thin, and i am not sure i can take it anymore. thanks for reading, have a cookie . depression and recently, anxiety , have been making life very hard to live
it is over guys. there is no future.you will lose a parent or a loved one.for relationships, you will have to compete with 1000s of others that are richer and better looking. chances are, it will not be youyou will probably work a job you hate for the rest of your life with no meaning. if you want a career in 2021, even entry level jobs... you will need to rely on connections. without connections, you will need a minimum of 5 years experience a mba or so that will put you in debt, just so you can still struggle to find a job.somebody else who was born in better conditions and better connections will take the career you want.somebody else with better looks, more confidence and genetic blessings with natural born skills will win the heart of the person of your dreams over you.you are nothing but vermin that will watch everyone around you make the most out of life.all while you get older and older for 60 years and time flies past you as you grow increasingly fragile and worse mentally.i see why some end it early. who wants to endure this shit for years?sucks to be born how we were born. some were meant to enjoy this temporary simulationsome were meant to fail and suffer all through this fucking sick unfair joke called life.it is over anon. i or should i say, we are not meant to be happy and never will be.it is all a lottery in an endless universe where we are a speck, we are living in a giant floating sphere of water with land on it ran by egocentric rich people that have us by the balls like ventriloquistsit's over. life was already pre determined for us. there is no 360, no life changing story. forget it. it will not happen to you. it is over guys.
i think i am going to finally find peace next month. i have been consumed by suicidal ideation for about a decade now and have one near successful attempt months long hospital stint under my belt , and the only reason i have not succumbed to it once again is my fucked up family dynamic.my mom died nine years ago and since then my family has been non existent. its just myself, a sister i talk to once a year, and my twin brother i cannot do not confide in. my dad broke when my mom died, and hes now grappling with the early stages of alzheimers. he is essentially a pet i check in on now. hes never been an emotionally supportive parent, so when my mom died, my siblings and i were left to grieve on our own. we were left to wrap up our childhoods in mourning, and enter adulthood without support of guidance. despite this and the total lack of emotional support, my dad truly is the kindest man i know, so accepting and admitting to myself that hes been a useless father has been a difficult process. i feel guilty every time i feel frustrated or resentful of him. i feel angry because hes the one thing blocking my path to easy, permanent pain relief. i do not have family to lean on. i do not have any friends i am comfortable confiding in. i simply want to die, but doing so will fuck my siblings up, and my dad will have no one to regularly check in on him. lately, i have been feeling less and less restrained by all this though. like my family will eventually be fine, and on some level they will understand the humane aspect of self euthanization. i do not know. i am consumed by the desire to self euthanize, and i do not think i can restrain myself much longer.
we can do whatever the hell we want. we can drink or drug or eat ourselves to death. we can drive off a cliff like in thelma and louise!! were all going to die anyway. and we never asked to be born. and if you have already made the unshakable decision to kill yourself then for the sake of not choosing to be born into this life, please try and be kind to yourself right now. whatever that means to you. people will tell you that its going to be okay and its going to get better. probably because that is what they want and hope for you. so we cannot really fault people for meaning well. i see it all the time, people faulting people trying to help, for saying anything or nothing at all. they cannot win. i mean, none of us owe each other anything. except maybe the people that brought us here parents but forget about the construct of parents and be your own parent. try and kill yourself without actually stopping your heart. become a new you. throw all the toxic constructs and belief systems into the fire. give yourself a hug and actually be the person you need. baby steps to being kind and gentle to yourself, but strong. i promise you there are kind and wonderful people that can help you. but not as much as you can help yourself. i am so sorry lifes brought you here. and if you are reading this right now because life has brought you to suicide. feel hugged. that is all i can do. try and find hope. its the most powerful thing we can own in times like this. i know you do not want to hear it but it can get better. you can. sorry if this has only angered you. i hope you find what you are needing not what we want to hear because its what we need to hear
so i know suicidal feelings are probably the result of trauma and modern life, capitalism sucks, but most definitely a parent making you feel like you do not deserve your existence and it is definitely my case, but being aware of it does not solve anything. i feel unable to heal. i feel like i cannot move on. i feel like i am tired. i cannot go on. i am too young to be living on my own. i want my dad to tell me he loves me but i pushed him away. i want to play with his xbox. i want to hang out with him. i want him to help me pay a doctor and help me figure out what is going on inside my mind because my mom abused me so bad. i want to go running with him. but i cannot because i ruined our relationship and i cannot fix it, and i am afraid to fix it. i want my ex to hold me but i pushed him away too. i want to never have hurt important friends in my life, but it is too late. i want to become better at singing but i cannot bring myself to be disciplined enough to practice. i want to workout but i do not feel like it. i want to be good at my job but i am always fucking up when my boss is present and she thinks i am mediocre. i want to be okay but i do not feel ready to be okay. i am not used to the absence of caos. i feel like trying to get better is a trap. i feel like my mother's abuse started from the moment she decided to conceive me and killing myself would be actually rebelling against her because maybe the fact that i am still here, suffering, without justice for what she did to me, is exactly what she wants, but i cannot stop feeling so much pain in my soul. i am too tired. i cannot go on. i cannot do this. i want out. i cannot be fixed
when you feel depressed, or know that you are, you cannot help it. you cannot help yourself from feeling a certain way. it changes the way you think, the way you act. when you are depressed, people do not usually treat you with much compassion or understanding. they do, however, become sympathetic when you die by suicide. that is how it is. once you take your life, people start to post your photos with captioned stories of how amazing you were when you were alive and how much they will miss you. the sad truth is, the same people who do this are the same people who saw you at your lowest and ignored it. i have been having a difficult time to feel constant happiness. i have been having suicide thoughts for a long time. i just do not want to live anymore. there are times that i have tried but to be honest, during the times that i tried i guess i always knew that it was not going to kill me i guess it was a call for help? but what if it actually does kill me. what if i went to far and actually end up dying.. its not even the fact that i could die that scares my but what does is not knowing what happens after. what happens after i die? do i really go to hell for killing myself? will i just be a ghost roaming around earth? will i have another life? will nothing happen and ill just cease to exist? what if nobody cares that i am gone? what if things will get better one day and i would not know since i killed myself? at this point i do not think its a question of whether or not ill kill myself but rather its a question of when i am going to kill myself. i know that things eventually get better but fucking shit its taking a hella long time. thoughts
long story short i was previously accepted into a combined pa program and the year before i entered my didactic year i had a mental break. i drank a lot and during one episode i cut my forearms to the point where i still have scars 4 years later. my best friend at the time was an ra and at this time had to report me since at the time i threatened anybody attempting to stop my attempt with a knife. flash forward a year later after my dismissal from the program and gaining my undergrad in health science and another pa program accepts me. it was hard and near the end of my didactic year i ended up hospitalized and losing a week of my rotation in womens health. i ended up having to redo my rotation and passed during the summer semester. but i passed my didactic and clinical year. i have a degree that nobody could ever take from me. i passed.but low and behold the f for womens health shows up on my transcript. granted, it shows i passed after my second attempt but my parents are still disappointed in me.i tried emailing, calling, petitioning, doing whatever i can to get that f off my transcript knowing its not going to effect anything, just to make sure that i did the best i can.i completed the pance today. basically its a national exams for to be pas to pass. but at this point i do not even care if i pass. nothing i do will please anybody and i sacrificed my life for this. i spent so much time and sacrificed so much just to get this fucking license that i do not even care about anymore. death makes life decisions significantly easier to make. hard to overthink with a handgun in your mouth and a bullet in your brain i will never be good enough
i do not want to continue anymore. everything i have ever tried has failed. to give you a brief story, i used to be a passionate person. i got inspired to do magic since i was 10. got really good at it too and tried to start a yt. that did not work. i got an audition opportunity to perform on penn and teller fool us. they never responded and i was crushed even though i know that there are other magicians that did not get on, it still stung though . when i turned 21, i got really inspired to learn how to count cards and got really good at it. got a few winning days, then eventually, the variance caught up with me and i lost 2500 in one day. everything i have ever had a passion for is just crushing me and making me less motivated and less inspired.all this talent that i have was wasted on the wrong person. not to brag, but i can count cards, have hypnotised people, pickpocketed cops, solved a rubik's cube blindfolded, and can play the saxophone. all this talent was definitely wasted on the wrong person because i can never just get one thing to work out for me. it is as if the universe is deliberately trying to ensure that i am never happy and always fail. i thought counting cards could help me save for an apartment, i even told my girlfriend that i can be financially stable now... how am i going to tell her that my life is falling apart?..my point being, i do not want to keep trying. i do not want to live anymore. i want to die, but i am too scared to do anything about it. i am done with getting motivated for something only for it to not work out and end up putting me in a worse spot. i just do not want to live anymore i am done with life
i am just tired of this.like 1 of people on earth understand me, everyone else does not listen to me, thinks i am crazy, thinks i am dumb, etc. when i was growing up i always wished i was a boy so people would believe me, so i would not have to be treated the way i am. i am not trans, i already went through that phase and came out the other side learning more than i ever should have.the person i loved was sexist without knowing it, thinking that turning themselves into a girl gave them the right to wear choker collars, booty shorts, crop tops, make jokes about being a dumb girl, being a bimbo, finally allow themself to be weak and soft. we watched a sexist anime once, which is fine i am able to watch them sometimes as long as the person i am watching it with understands as well. it was so clearly fetishizing of women, i said that and she fought with me for 30 minutes. then the end credits rolled and it was just a close up of the main character's ass bouncing, then it was just a close up of the main characters giant boobs bouncing. it sucks that people do not believe me until its strikingly obvious.... what happens when its not so blatantly obvious? they just do not believe me. they still do not think they are sexist. i am tired of males getting to self declare themselves as not sexist. yes there are good parts of life, but i do not see the point while feeling so misunderstood by so many people. i do not have the power right now to kill myself, but i wish i could just die in my sleep painlessly tonight so i could finally be free of this. i do not want to kill myself, but i hope i get a terminal illness and die quickly and painlessly.
i sold my house back in march. its been a rough run since then. the plan was to capitalize on the increased market value with the housing market how it is. my wife and i were planning on building a house with the proceeds. it was supposed to be done in may. they built the wrong house on our land by accident , made us pay more for less house. its been months of staying with shady airbnb hosts, family, and finally an apartment we had to sign a lease on just hoping the house will be done around the time the lease expires. my car caught fire 2 months ago and the dealer is still working on reimbursing us. my grandfather is getting old and does not remember me anymore. my great uncle who i was very close to died. i had to put my dear sweet cat to sleep that i never thought id love so dearly, god i miss her. my grandmother has cancer. i cannot bring myself to talk to my disabled brother because doing so just reminds me of how neglectful i have been of him since i was younger. i started a new job months ago that i am out of the honeymoon phase of and i am really starting to wonder where my career is going from here. i do not talk to anyone anymore. i see three people on a weekly basis for four months now, two coworkers and my wife. i do not even get to play with my old gaming buddies anymore since our schedules do not work out and i cannot find any new ones due to my weird work schedule. i am so lonely. fuck i am so lonely.i do not think id ever actually do anything to hurt myself. id never want to put my wife and family into that situation, but god i think about it all the time. i just do not know what to do anymore. been a hell of a year
this might be downvoted to hell, but i truly do not care anymore. i also struggle with mental health, but probably suffers to a lesser extent.he has expressed multiple times he does not want to get help, despite me repeatedly asking him to. he always says self deprecating shit like how worthless he is and how he has no friends, which hurts my feelings because am i not a friend? i do my best to be there for him but it. is. exhausting.i met up with old classmates i have not seen in awhile, and i felt like a weight was lifted over my head. i did not have to worry about if i was triggering anyone with what i said. i did not have to listen to them hate on themselves. i realized a lot of times, conversations with my depressed friend sucked the fucking soul out of me.yesterday i did not respond to his online messages because i wanted to keep this happy feeling a little longer. today i woke up to him saying he wanted to k ll himself and lamenting how hard it is to get the things necessary. i want to scream at him for being so fucking inconsiderate about how this might trigger me. all the nice feeling i was riding on just plummeted. now i am stuck worrying about him and if hell make it till tomorrow. i wish i can tell him to find another person to lay his problems to. i wish i can tell him the things he says bums me out, to say the least. i wish i can tell him being around him makes me feel worse. but what kind of friend would i be?these things will probably hurt his feelings, and maybe drive him over the edge, which i would never ever want to do. but i am just so sick of it. so sick and tired. i am sick of my depressed and suicidal friend
i am living in a shitty dictatorial country.there is poverty. there is a tyrant who makes our life harder and ruins our country. in here everybody is ignorant and they think that their country is strong. but its completely a usa mandate. this country is becoming a middle east country day by day.there is an economic crisis and i cannot even say the dictators name. i have no future because i cannot go to europe. i am 17 years old, there is a university exam after 11 months but i do not have a reason to study. because exam questions are getting by a secret service supported by usa they know all of the questions and they are going to the best universities, they are being promoted in the army and they are attempting to coup.all europe hates this country and they especially do not want us.i do not think i will live much i think i will die to sadness but if i cannot suicide attempted 4 times since 2018 i will run to a forest and i will live there. maybe a bear hurts me but its better feel pain for once.i do not know why tourists visit this hell hole.. in here, people barely appease themselves. everywhere is syrians, afghans and etc.. before 2017, i had a chance to leave this country by entering to the highschool in turkey. if i could enter to this highschool, i could go to france but now i cannot. you europeans are too lucky, your 300euro equals to a monthly salary have a job, requires luck .and overall, if i would live in a unproblematic country then existential crisis would be appeared. because i have no reason to live. why i cannot kill myself i really do not know. i am not that different from stray dogs. no future no reason to live
i have already made up my mind. unless i can switch bodies miraculously i am living on borrowed time. really, i do not know why i have not killed myself sooner. i am useless and have no achievements but that is not what bugs me. i cannot live with this body. i do not want to do any acceptance self love crap, i just want to die so i do not have to suffer with this anymore. i am not looking for advice or anything, i am just venting because i have nowhere else to rant off to. i am not depressed either. this is the logical conclusion i have come to that i must end my life. the hardest part right now is finding the right method with the least likelihood of failure and or mess afterwards. i have already been through a pill overdose which was a shitty attempt but that was two years ago. i am making sure no concerned party calls 911 on me the next time. that is why i am keeping this information from everyone who can stop me. in addition to that, getting 'help' will have a worse outcome in my circumstances, believe me. i am already a waste of everyone is resources and my rationale for dying is reinforced through myriad triggers throughout the day. my parents said they would be devastated if something happened to me but i told them that if they really cared about me they would help me find a way to end my suffering for good. they are convinced i just need a med adjustment to feel better but that is not going to fix my gender dysphoria and body dysmorphia. it is all bullshit. the kindest thing someone could do for me right now is point me in the right direction to an easy death that will not traumatize anyone. i am past wanting to get help
hey guys i do not normally do not write stuff ever. basically i have been suicidal since i was like idk 5 and now i am 18. i have probably been suicidal in the back of my mind 60 of the time since then and super suicidal like 40 of the time. nobody rly knows i am depressed to the level i am. a few of my closer friends know i am on anti depressants but that is about it. i would not appear depressed to the average person. i try and be super positive like i do rlly nice things for homeless people not just donate stuff like actually sit down and talk and make them feel human. i have a great heart i just idk. i am tired. lots of people would say i am really pretty and self hatred aside i am above average for sure. the only reason i have not killed myself is because i am scared of pain and or surviving and living a worse life than usual. i have big dreams and would love to live life i just would rather be dead to be honest. i work hard i have 2 jobs my own apartment and my grades in high school were good. i just cannot shake this feeling. i think i just felt so alone for so long and hated on myself in my head so fuckint hard for so long it permanently messed up my brain. i love but also hate myself. i either look in the mirror and take a bunch of cute pics or if i can even get myself to look in the mirror ill feel nauseous and feel like i am shutting down and then disassociate and think of ways to kill myself. i do not even know why i am writing this now i guess just to see if anyone relates. i think it bothers me that people do not take my depression seriously because i am pretty and nice . not sure. thanks for listening you all idk
i feel so lonely, i want others but the more they want me to more scared i get and pull away and the more independent i become. however secretly more then anything i want someone to just come along and see my 16 year old vunerable ass self and just take control of my whole life. i have never had a connection with anything for very long, i guess if someone takes control of everything it means i get all that love and comfort and feeling of being cared about without that connection, and i can just being someone is thing. i do not know why i want to be objectified in this way, but i want it so bad. i just spend days feeling so exhausted how nice it would be for someone to clean up my messes and take over everything, then at the end of it say how distgusting and terrible i am. i guess beacuse deep down i believe it and i just want others to believe it too. i want someone to just lock me in a coubourd everytime i want to die to stop me and this conflict inside my body, i would know i could not die so the part of me that lives will have to win, there is no more wars in my brain. i want someone to take the knife or the pills out of my hand and tell me how selfish i am, someone who could take that control away. how nice it would be just to have someone love me, but not for me, no one could love me, but for the control and the power over me, which i could pretend was love for me. but i do not meet anyone, i am alone other then for a few online freinds, i am too untrusting to let it happen, i do not. tell reiy on anyone, i do it all myself. i feel so alone, and unloved i just want someone to control everything in my life instead of dying
i have been working my first 40 hours a week job for a year now and it is ruining my life. even though i get 7.5 8.5 hours sleep a night, i come home exhausted every day, with no energy to do more than browse the internet or watch tv. when i was a student i would religiously go to gym three times a week. i have tried going three times while working, but some days i am just so tired i cannot make it. i am lucky if i go twice. i am getting fat and gross and i do not like how i look. i have no energy to do chores so my place gets messy all week and i spend a day on the weekend just cleaning and doing errands, and often all my chores still do not get done. i have no energy for socializing during the week, so my last free day is spent with my girlfriend who complains that she never sees me anymore. i do not have time for other friends or family. i miss having time to do art, truly relax, or even just walk around and observe the world. now i feel like i am constantly rushing around with little energy to devote to life outside work. my diet is getting worse, too. on a good day i manage to make myself a tuna sandwich, but most of the time i am just eating yogurt and crackers for dinner since it basically takes no effort. i am finding i am relying more on fast food. please do not tell me 40 hours is nothing and i am lucky i am not working 60 hour work week. the fact that i am on the lower end of what some jobs expect causes me an immense amount of dread if my job starts expecting more of me. to be honest, i rarely make 40 hours as i usually leave 15 minutes early and fridays often an hour early. working 40 hrs a week is ruining my life
for context, i am diagnosed with mdd and probably have asd not an actual diagnosis but i at least think i do looking at different signs which have been concurrent for as long as i remember and i have been hospitalized for suicidal ideation.i just turned 18 recently. i am the oldest child but i only live with my mother and younger brother. we argue a lot. but usually just my brother and i and my mother and i. not my mother and brother. i am the problem in that case. i attend therapy. it does nothing. i do not cannot talk much. my mom is hard on money, she is sick, she has an upcoming hysterectomy, and my dad has not been paying child support. my mom and i argue a lot when my brother and i argue. if he does not answer a question i will continue to ask. my mom yells at me for that and i will argue back. more so disagree and try not to raise my voice, but that does not seem to end an argument so i am probably doing something wrong. when we argue it always boils down to her trying to kick me out and how stressed she is. and then she will cry and tell me how bad of a mom she is and how stressed she is. it has always gone down like this since i was 11. she is not a bad mom, so the problem is me. it is clear she does not want me here and i do not blame her so if i took myself out the equation things would be fine. at the same time i am reluctant. i do not feel depressed right now so in a way i am convinced this is the right idea. but from me posting this here, i clearly have some doubts. but i thought it was best for me to say something somewhere. i am not feeling depressed. but i feel like everyone would benefit if i killed myself.
one night i told myself what do i have to lose. i was tired of living because all the things i do, even if it does put a smile on my face deep down inside i still hate myself. in my head i had so many racing thoughts about trying to convince myself that i want to die and just how people are going to think after i die. i got up and i found some advil in the cabinet that my mom forgot to put away with all the rest of medication, sharps, alcohol, etc. i said to myself you are a pussy, you will not. so i did it, and i was ready to end my life. i took a ton of advil along with my evening dose of lexapro that is given to me day by day.an hour later, nothing happened to me. i felt as if i never took down almost half a bottle of pills. my stomach did not hurt and i never threw up. well it turns out the pills were expired. after my parents found out what was going on, i told them i wanted real help and they said the hospital was not real help and that they are not going to do nothing for you the but just drug you and control when you speak, when you walk, and when you blink. from all these shows and movies, they think what they see in the movies is true and are thinking they are going to put me in a stray jacket and a padded room. they did not want to take me because it would of showed that i went to the hospital for an suicide attempt but they were more worried than that rather than getting me the help that i need.in the past i was in outpatient for six weeks so i do not see why going back to a mental health center or hospital cannot be an option for my recovery. my parents refused to take me to the hospital for my suicide attempt.
yesterday we broke up. after months of battling with my ocd and extreme jealousy she got very aggressive and abusive, i cannot blame her after putting up with my bullshit for so long. she said that she wants to break up she said it a lot before, along with other painful stuff , and i kind of just listened and deleted her, broke up... now i regret it... what confused me was her unblocking me i was blocked from our main chat before break up right after the breakup, even though she wanted it. she has not messaged me and since yesterday is talking to our best mutual friend. all i know is she doubts the decision to break up and is indecisive and wants time to think... now with that little hope i cannot even move on or anything, waiting is killing me, i still love her and i want her back and i am tormented with the thought of her saying that she will stick to the decision to break up..... at the same time my little brother is having a major operation, my mom is waiting for cancer test results they found a lump on her liver and there is a lot of cancer background in our family , i am off my anti depressants that i got for ocd, i am probably dropping out of the university and everything is just going to shit... on top of that none of our friends besides the one who is talking to her, reached out to me. i feel so lonely and lost. i have been back to cutting after long years about 2 months ago, now i am just feeling like ending it all, but i do not want to sadden my family, they are going through enough... i just want to disappear, i do not have anywhere to vent so i am leaving it here, i am sorry. i feel like there is nothing left
hi, i am in my early 20s right now and when i was a teen and up to recently i was depressed and borderline suicidal but i never told anyone because i was scared and internalize every negative feeling i get which i am currently working on . the past year or so i have found an amazing friend group online that i love and i have been dating one of them for quite a while now but i have an issue. they keep making edgy jokes about suicide. i do not mind the jokes themselves since its just them being edgy but sometimes it gets a lot for me when the joke is just hey name you should go kill yourself or something! 20 times in a minute. as i mentioned, i am no longer suicidal but i definitely have had moments the past couple of months where i have been overwhelmed with sadness and wanted to die. either way, my main issue is that the person who does this the most is my partner who i absolutely love so much and at this point jokes like that can ruin my day and give me extremely much anxiety but i am terrified of telling him because i do not want to either ruin his fun or want him to act all different with me. i know he will not be mad at me or anything but i am mostly scared that this is something that could completely change our relationship since i would become like an emotional baggage and he already has enough of that ...i have mentioned to him before that i sometimes deal with a lot of anxiety and i used to be really bad with it but never anything else. how could i possibly tell him all of this???? should i just try my best to ignore it all or leave our chat when it goes on?? how do i tell someone i have been suicidal in the past?
i feel foolish for posting here. well. not much i can do i suppose. i do not want to go on and on about all the bad things in my life. its boring and no one wants to hear it.its selfish to take peoples time that could be helping someone else. i have someone to talk to. i just do not think i should talk to them about these things anymore. i am just making them worse. i am ruining them, no matter how much they protest i am not i am. so much would be better for them if i just shut my mouth.anyways i relapsed hard last night. i am not even trying to stay sober at this point so its whatever, but i was kind of proud of not havin any super new wounds. it felt good as always but now i feel shitty for not telling my friend. i do not like to keep a lot from them. i do, but it does not make me happy. everything just has been getting worse. might as well write out a suicide note, but i do not believe in that shit. i do not want anything people can hold onto in hopes of keeping the memory of me around. i keep trying yk but my body makes it hard. i know what i want to do now, and how to be 99 sure it will work. just unsure when. tonight ?? sometime soon, i do not want to go though. anything anymore. whatever. going to live it up probably,fill up that empty everything with blood n alcohol lolmy life just is not going to go anywhere. my body is ruined and i have no future. i am hurting the only person i am staying around for. just no reason, this is like a final gift to myself and everyone around me. that is all for now ig, do not be too surprisedf i do not come back not that i am memorable enough to be thought of that long lol . . .
ok. so i am at that weird age where people are either dying mainly due to overdoses, accidents and occasionally suicide or they are getting married, settling down and starting families of their own. i look around at all my friends getting married and having kids and i think why cannot i be normal and want that? instead my days consist of a tiring and constant uphill battle with depression. my friends are starting families and all i want to do is die because honestly i think that this world sucks. then when i see that they are pregnant i cannot help but feel sorry for the unborn child. i think to myself who would ever bring an innocent child into this hell world? although i know that is just the depression talking. all i do is work and then sleep so that i can escape from my own mind for awhile. there have been times where i have felt so awful that i have literally cried myself to sleep. and then sometimes i have to take valium or benadryl so that i will not dream because even sleep does not always bring me peace. i have actually thrown up a couple of times thinking about how i have to do this all for the rest of my life. what kind of life is that? i am afraid that i am eventually going to lose my battle with my mind and i do not want to hurt my friends and family but i also cannot go on living like this. my mind is constantly plagued by what is the meaning of all of this? seriously i wonder who what is considered normalthe people who welcome death because they know that life is virtually pointless and in the end nothing matters or the people settling down and starting families of their own? what is considered normal?
i am 18. i have not achieved anything in life. all i feel like is a failure constantly, i feel like i am losing all my friends and i am a fuck up because i cannot even stop self harming myself. i cannot pay attention in class no matter how much i want to, i cannot do my work because i do not find the motivation to even get out of bed. every fucking day of my life is exhausting and i am tired of living. i know i should have so much to look forward to, i have the end of high school and university and all that, but its too hard. i feel like i cannot even get enough strength to last through the night. i have been cutting myself the last five years and i just did it tonight, and i did it on the arm i swore id keep clean. i just want to be normal . i do not want depression, or adhd or anxiety and it fucking sucks because i cannot even be a decent and normal human being. i have let down my teachers, my parents, my friends. that is all i can ever do. it hurts so fucking much, this constant gaping hole in my chest that never goes away and i feel like i simultaneously cannot breathe and do not even feel like i am in my body. no matter how hard i try to stay clean, i break my streak. its so pointless, its all so pointless, i just want to end it all. please, i just want the pain to stop. it hurts so bad and i cannot go on knowing i have failed everyone in my life and that my parents deserve a better daughter, my friends deserve a better friend. i live on the 9th story, i could just jump right now, but i have failed myself because i cannot even get the courage to do that. i just want the pain to stop. i just want the pain to stop
i am 13 trans and suicidal. my parents and brother are transphobic, and believe that all trans people should join the 41 percent and more shit like that. i hate my life, i hate feeling so uncomfortable in my skin, i hate the fact that my parents do not love me for who i am, i hate how i know i will not be able to transition ever. i hate my family, i know that is a bad thing but they are just not my family. all of them hurt me daily, they let my brother hurt me psychically and emotionally. they tell me i am worthless, and i probably am. i have not done anything important ever, i have not helped anyone, i just exist. what is the point in continuing when no one will miss you? i am so tired, i cannot sleep, i cannot eat, i am useless, and no one understands the pain. the pain of existing every single day and having to go through it again, even though i cannot explain why it is so painful. i do not feel comfortable, and i do not feel safe. it is like having your own personal storm that no one sees, has, or notices. i have hurt more people than i have helped, and i do not see the point continuing when i can quit. all this pain can go away and all i have to do is one thing, one thing to escape. i do not see why i should not take the chance. anyone i have tried talking too online, says to think about all the people i will hurt. yet no one will be affected by my death, i do not have friends too hurt, and my family does not care. i could be free right now, i could escape, i could not exist, and i still do exist. i do not see any other way out. i have survived a month or so since my last post but i do not think i can continue.
i live in a lovely housewhere i have everything i need to be happy.i enjoy reading books for hours,with a cup of coffee in hand to help me focus.if i get tired, i can take a soothing bath,and let the hot water burn away the stress.and doing chores is always funwhen listening to upbeat music.but one day, a mosquito entered the house.the mosquito followed me, biting me and buzzing in my ear.the stings bothered me while doing chores,and i could not hear the music with that buzzing.however, i am happy in this house,as i have always been.so i let the mosquito keep annoying me,and pretend it is not there while i do the things that make me happy.now, there are three mosquitoes in my house.i wonder where they come from.the buzzing sound makes me lose focus,now i do not know which paragraph i was on.and when i bathe,they attack my naked body.however, i am happy in this house,as i have always been.so i let the mosquitoes keep annoying me,and pretend they are not there while i do the thing that make me happy.now my house is full of mosquitoes.i wonder why there are so many.i do not even know what book i was reading.and without realizing it, i eat mosquitoes that were taking a bath in the coffee.i know the rest is waiting for me in the bathtub,so i do not shower anymore.all i hear is buzzing.all i feel is itching.there is nothing i can do.all i do in this house is cower in bed, my hands covering my ears.however, i am happy in this house.or so id like to believe.because i no longer live in that house.in that house live mosquitoes, and a corpse. this is something i wrote, as a person who has had suicidal thoughts since childhood.
i am 18. i have not achieved anything in life. all i feel like is a failure constantly, i feel like i am losing all my friends and i am a fuck up because i cannot even stop self harming myself. i cannot pay attention in class no matter how much i want to, i cannot do my work because i do not find the motivation to even get out of bed. every fucking day of my life is exhausting and i am tired of living. i know i should have so much to look forward to, i have the end of high school and university and all that, but its too hard. i feel like i cannot even get enough strength to last through the night. i have been cutting myself the last five years and i just did it tonight, and i did it on the arm i swore id keep clean. i just want to be normal. i do not want depression, or adhd or anxiety and it fucking sucks because i cannot even be a decent and normal human being. i have let down my teachers, my parents, my friends. that is all i can ever do. it hurts so fucking much, this constant gaping hole in my chest that never goes away and i feel like i simultaneously cannot breathe and do not even feel like i am in my body. no matter how hard i try to stay clean, i break my streak. its so pointless, its all so pointless, i just want to end it all. please, i just want the pain to stop. it hurts so bad and i cannot go on knowing i have failed everyone in my life and that my parents deserve a better daughter, my friends deserve a better friend. i live on the 9th story, i could just jump right now, but i have failed myself because i cannot even get the courage to do that. i just want the pain to stop. i just want the pain to stop
i am miserable. i have been in depression for many years and i do not ever see myself getting back to normal life . i am 21 and from france, i live on an depression aid for now, i hate the idea of work because there is nothing i see myself work in for a living, the idea of working just repels me and i have been searching since very young a work i would like to do, but nothing . i have a psychiatrist, i am on medication and tried so many different medication still tries new ones from times to times but i am at a point i really see no end in my depression. i have the two things i wished i had for a long time, which is money from the depression aid and a cat who i love, but she kind of hates me for some reason . i already did 2 suicide attempts in 2017 and i wish i succeeded. i hurt from depression, some unlhealed trauma i do not know how to heal, some wounds more deep i still do not know what it is from, i hate everything about my body, my life. i live at my parent's because i cannot really afford an appart just from my aid, and even if i did i would probably let myself die of hunger as it is really difficult to make or even just grab something to eat sometimes. i hate my mother, she is toxic, she made clear she wished she never had me. i do not really like doing anything anymore. medication is not helping anymore. i considered talking to a psychologist in addition of my psychiatrist and have even an appointment for august but i am hopeless and deep down i do not believe anything is going to help... anyways, i am tired... i am just thinking about ways of ending my life i have not tried... i have nothing to live for
i am miserable. i have been in depression for many years and i do not ever see myself getting back to normal life . i am 21 and from france, i live on an depression aid for now, i hate the idea of work because there is nothing i see myself work in for a living, the idea of working just repels me and i have been searching since very young a work i would like to do, but nothing . i have a psychiatrist, i am on medication and tried so many different medication still tries new ones from times to times but i am at a point i really see no end in my depression. i have the two things i wished i had for a long time, which is money from the depression aid and a cat who i love, but she kind of hates me for some reason . i already did 2 suicide attempts in 2017 and i wish i succeeded. i hurt from depression, some unlhealed trauma i do not know how to heal, some wounds more deep i still do not know what it is from, i hate everything about my body, my life. i live at my parent's because i cannot really afford an appart just from my aid, and even if i did i would probably let myself die of hunger as it is really difficult to make or even just grab something to eat sometimes. i hate my mother, she is toxic, she made clear she wished she never had me. i do not really like doing anything anymore. medication is not helping anymore. i considered talking to a psychologist in addition of my psychiatrist and have even an appointment for august but i am hopeless and deep down i do not believe anything is going to help... anyways, i am tired... i am just thinking about ways of ending my life i have not tried... i have nothing to live for
i am mid twenties male, and i am about ready to call it quits. i have struggled with suicidal thoughts on and off starting in my teens. everytime it is come into my mind until now i would wind up crying and being too scared to go further. i would think of how sad all my friends and family would be and how i would be letting them all down. not this time though. now i just feel an expanding emptiness in my stomach. it really does seem like the best path forward.this past year has been the worst in my life, continuing a constant downtrend and i might be done. of course it was not all bad. there were definitely some years, even consecutively sometimes, that made me believe that it would turn around, but i now have conclusive proof it will not. about a year ago, i wound up getting diagnosed with something new every couple of months and it looks like i can expect to be in constant pain until i croak. if i let it happen naturally, it will be decades. i still get to live a full length life if i want, but i do not think i want to. there is nothing so good in my life that makes me think sticking around worthwhile.i have good friends, a good job, a healthy social life, but i just do not want to anymore. is it selfish to want to call it quits, or is it selfish for everyone to want to keep me around even though i do not want to be here?i do not have any immediate plans since those would be rash, but i am going to start planning. i will want to sort my affairs to make my passing as convenient as it can be. i feel empty, but i think i am still being reasonable. i do not know why i wrote this. why is it so taboo to end it all?
i have struggled with suicidal ideation off and on since i was 12. i am now well into my 30s. i am really afraid and yet in a weird way relieved at the feeling that i am heading for a suicide attempt again tonight. my husband has not tried to be romantic with me in so long i could not even tell you how long it has been. i am a very self conscious and introverted person, but i have managed to make myself be the one to instigate physical affection multiple times recently despite my feelings that my husband does not even want to be with me. he has rejected me every time, only addressing it later by saying he was tired or had too much to drink even though i know he was not drunk at the time . after a lot of other strains on the relationship i will not go into for brevity's sake, i finally heard him admit tonight that he is not interested in me romantically anymore. when asked why he does not just divorce me then, he says he wants me to be his partner. this makes no sense.i do not want to be around to be a burden on anyone. and i am so desperately lonely. he knows how lonely i am because despite myself i have told him so while crying multiple times. i do not want to do this anymore. i am pointless and unloveable. i just do not want to be here anymore. the sick thing is i am not even really posting this in hopes of help. i just want to be heard for once, and it feels safest to say it to strangers who do not even know my name, let alone anything else about me. i am sorry i wasted your time with my drama. thanks for listening. i hope you all have or find happiness. i am a waste of space and being around hurts too much
recently split with my girlfriend of 6 years, after she had cheated on me with a mutual friend of ours while we were out playing pool one night. i was absolutely devastated, i had made plans on proposing to this woman a month previous. the breakup was hard as hell and i barely made it through that, well fast forward two months and i am still struggling to get over everything and my ex txts me to ask for a cutting board her grandmother had given her and to ask for a cat we adopted together. i really did not want to give up the cat buy i eventually gave in. she comes over takes the cat. after about a day or so later messaged her to say i was not comfortable with the idea of keeping the cat anymore to which she responded with i am talking to someone else now leave me alone, well we start fighting and i am telling her i do not care about her new relationship i just want the cat back. she tells me that she going to do everything in her power to make me block her. i then get screenshot after screenshot of her and the new boyfriend talking shit about me, how good they are sex life is and what a joke i am. i have no motivation to get up in the mornings, i go to work i am autopilot mode come home and do not have it on me to even want to eat. i have lost twenty pounds in two months dropping my weight down to 130 pounds. their conversations have been playing on repeat in my head ever since, and i honestly do not have the motivation to want to live anymore, i was not particularly happy with life before and now i have no reason to care at all, why keep pushing on when everyday is miserable? what is the point in pushing on?
i remember on another throwaway account i had on here, i was at a really low point. i am 17 so maybe this is normal for my age, but i felt no hope, and i felt no sort of empathy or compassion for other people. i was so angry and hopeless every single day and i could be aggressive to other people, and that showed in my reddit posts as well.one day when i was planning to kill myself, i made a post, someone gave me an award. i guess that is kind of inappropriate for the situation but whatever. but then i open up the notification for the award and i get this anonymous person telling me to kill myself already and to stop being an attention seeking little bitch .i remember that it hurt me pretty badly, and it still hurts when i really think about it, knowing that someone out there paid money in order to encourage me to kill myself. am i really that bad of a person? have i really fucked up that badly in life? and is it deserved? sometimes i still feel like i should listen to that advice. i worry sometimes that if i do not act on my suicidal ideations i am just looking for sympathy and attention, and that just motivates me to hurt myself more and more, and i just end up digging myself deeper and deeper into a hole thatnever breaks even. when i tell people that i have the urge to hurt myself, i always end up doing what i alluded to because i feel like the other option is to worry them for no reason. and if i tell people i want to kill myself, i always try to bring myself to do it even though it always scares me. does anyone on this sub feel the same way i do? someone gave me an award on here and told me to kill myself
i am currently sitting on the ledge of a bridge, as i am writing this. i am thinking about killing myself, there is really no way around it. nothing makes me truly happy anymore except a few simple things. sometimes i am happy while talking to my dad, the rest of my life seems to be pointless, this is because i have never truly been happy, sure i have liked girls and i have done many things in life that others may never get to do, additionally i would also say i come from a wealthy family. the problem always seems to be that nothing is fun, i have been thinking about it for quite some time now , but there was always something that kept me going i do not now what it was and i do not think i ever will. i really want to jump i really do. for some reason i cannot feel fun anymore i try everything i tried to gamble, spend time with family, spend time with friends, make money. eventually my mind has a way of making it all frustrating to the point where i just want to off myself. it truly is simple math if i am not happy most of my life what would be the point in living it. just not to die? because i think that is a very illogical way to think. and some might say its the little moments that count but they really do not, the truth is if i am spending most of my life being frustrated or sad there is no point in living it. i do not want to get help, i do not want to be medicated i feel as it would take emotion from my life, i definitely prefer to be frustrated and sad than mundane.i am sorry if this is badly written i am just writing my thoughts nicko i am sorry i know my problems are not as bad as everyone elses here.
a bit of a long post ahead so skip if not interested. have a nice day though. its been about 5 minutes since i drank water1 month since my last attempt thought2 months since i made this reddit account and4 months since the incidents i am going to be real and say life is a load of crap. it really is just a load of shi. if my younger self from 2 years ago can see what i am doing. the person never saw it coming. i had a decent life. good grades, good family, a good set of friends, normal and happy but we all know that life is not just going to make us stay normal and happy. 4 months ago something happened that changed everything you can read this reddit post which sums it all up i guess fast forwarding to now, i lost my people a bit of myself but its ok. as i said life does not get better. i have been trying to work on myself the past months. realized that it was so hard to start a conversation and trust another human being. it was so hard to establish a connection or a relationship when you had first hand experience of many years long lasting ones that just suddenly cut you off after one mistake. to be honest i am still trying to forgive myself for what happened. what am i saying? i am saying thank you to reddit. thank you for suicidewatch for being an avenue i can release and people can comment. life really does not get better but you really do move and eventually heal.life is meant to give you crap, the way you handle it is the key to true happiness. i will come back with updates on my feelings in a couple of months. for now, i hope you whoever is reading this is safe. life does not get better, you get better
at work and with friends i am known for being the funny, happy, fun loving chick but inside i am so depressed and at home i just want to sleep life away. i am married but we have problems because my husband does not work as he believes working for someone else is a waste of life so we have multiple start up businesses that are not going well, him and my family do not get along because of this so i have been distancing us and my family because i just cannot hear them arguing anymore. everytime we fight as a couple or i hear him and my mother arguing i just want to die. i have prayed so many times to just die and asked god and the devil why they just will not take me. everytime i feel like i am finally going to kill myself i pussy out right in the last second. i know my family is going to be heartbroken but i just cannot take it anymore. the only thing i will regret if i die is that my debt will go to my husband and family. its been 3 years spending money on different courses and products trying to start my own successful business and honestly i am ready to give up on that too but i am trying so hard to keep going because people say it takes time but its killing me. i do not have the energy and strength to keep doing everything myself. some days i am fine and happy but then others i just do not want to leave my bedroom and just want to pass away in my sleep. its such a battle with myself and these days i think i am leaning more towards dying that living. i always back out last minute but maybe if i just fell off a bridge or ram my car into something i will die quickly and instantly lost between living or dying
last year a coworker jokingly asked me where do i see myself in the next five years. i was honest with him, and told him i am not going to be alive by then.i am currently 27, did my first attempt when i was 21. and ever since, while i have discovered things that temporarily distract me, i do not look forward to anything, really i am tired of pretending, i have worked exploitative jobs to help around the house, because my self esteem simply sabotages me from taking a big leap, career wise. i know i will mess up in my first try. to be honest, i regret choosing the career i have. not once brought me joy. but i do not think anything else would have either way.i regret paying for braces. what for? i am going to end up dead anyway. stupid, painful expensive procedure. i feel even worse knowing my mother paid for it, and i am going to waste it when i off myself. same for school, same for keeping my long hair, same for trying not to drown in rum, which does bring temporary peace when i am drunk.i have a very faint fantasy of finding my other half. but it is very faint, because who in their right mind would even consider tolerating me by their own free will. i would like to marry, wear a pretty dress, i would like it red, i think it will suit me. but again, at this age, with all this burden, why do i even imagine that. i would like to do many things, but i will be wasting somebody is else time. i feel like i am in still water. just floating by. waiting for an opportunity to end it all in another city. maybe i lied, that is probably the only thing i look forward to. thank you for reading. i do not do long term plans
it is been 1.5 years, i have not seen her physically in 7 months and i have not talked to her in over a year. but i had a dream yesterday she forgave me for what i did to her. even now as i look for other women to date it all goes back to iyanna. beautiful funny and interesting iyanna who i hurt so bad her unbreakable love was cracked in two. idk how to go on these days. i hate myself, i hate my body, i cannot approach women nor can i even date them. i can barely keep the friends i have and i do not think i have many left. my life just feels empty, my work helps distract me but when i am not at work it hits me like a ton of bricks. i used to have friends to turn to when i felt like killing myself but i do not anymore. i am desperately hoping i can find a girl to keep me alive. that sounds unhealthy and it is but i do not think ill be able to live for myself much longer. i just want someone who likes me, who cares about me, who when i get off work will be there in my texts asking how my day was. a girl to wrap my arms around and hold softly, a girl to just hangout with and admire her. but i am anxious, and i am fat, and a little retarded. and its a women's game in terms of dating, i have to make the first move bc they will not and i cannot make the first move bc i am deathly afraid of them. so there in lies rhe problem. i am a good man with a steady paying job for a 18 year old and i have goals and dream, i am funny and interesting and nice and strong but none of that matters bc ill never get to the point where women see those qualities. all they see is a fat fucking retard. cannot stop thinking of her
i am sick of attempting to please people's expectations. i am over the cycle of society. all the emotions that we can feel are simply a scientific reaction, so who cares about love? i do not want children either, but if i do not have them then people will judge me. i believe in god... i think? i do not know anymore. everything seems to be a distraction from the truth of reality. once we erase money, entertainment, buildings, all human made creations, then we will have nothing. but did we ever have anything? it was always nothing but comfort for our minds.i am sick of ableism, racism, sexism, etc. why cannot we just forget what happened in the past and think about the future of humankind? we are always behaving like god, judging others as if our opinions matter. judging each other's appearances, intelligence, and social behaviours. but what is the point of it? people judge others so they feel better about themselves.life is pointless to me. we graduate from school to find a job, use their deserved money to purchase gifts for themselves, but the items will never be truly theirs. one day, everyone who is reading this post will die. then someone will take their items, whether they are from their family or another. some will sell their treasures while others will keep them for themselves. but none will love the items as much as you do. your items will soon be recycled or forgotten. dreams are much better. that is because society does not exist within our dreams. would not it be better if we dreamt forever once we die? i wish for that to happen to me. i will never get sick of them. i want to dream forever
i often feel the only way to make people take my depression and possible underlying causes seriously is to actually kill myself. especially family, who i feel are supportive in some ways but downplay my depression. they do not take it seriosuly when i say i cannot handle work and life. a certain family member is the worst stating before that i just get a little down sometimes that phrase still makes me want to punch a wall or that he notices others inc himself feeling depressed in winter or that he had trouble keeping a job when he was younger. he gives terrible advice that just makes me angry do not feel you cannot take a vacation. that does not solve the problem of the actual job! i am sick of being minimized.i feel and maybe i am wrong its just minimizing my condition. i mean hes supportive in other ways. but i am still angry and i feel killing myself is the only way to win the argument i feel, having failed at anything in life the only i can have the final word or any control is to kill my self successfully. a failed attempt will only make me more of a failure. i mean i know there has to be a better way to deal with this i just do not know how. confrontation will not help, ill just sound more desperate. staying my true feelings about everything to everyone will not help ill just embarrass and maybe isolate myself more. i can discuss with a counsellor but that often just feels like talking. its not an solution its not even leading to one. people only take action, especially irreversible violent action, seriously. how to make people take your condition seriously without having to kill yourself ?
i do not even know why i am writing this tbh. i just see myself dead soon. i do not want to have to work for the rest of my life and live with mental illness. my brain is so messed up lol. depression, anxiety, body dysmorphia, eating disorder i definitely have a personality disorder too lol. it consumes my thinking. growing up gay in a homophobic city really has not helped either. i find it hard to trust people around guys my own age. i abused weed hardcore for one and a half years, i finally quit about 2 weeks ago and i feel stupid as hell for doing it everyday for so long. i fucked up my brain to escape reality. i do not feel pleasure in doing things normal people do, everything i do is just to numb myself and escape reality. i feel i have no personality other than being depressed. i am relatively smart and know that i can get a decent paying job in the sciences, but at this point i wonder if i even want it. i have been suicidal for the past 5 years, the only thing that kept me going was the hope for a better future. well, time has passed, and while my life is better than it was in high school, i still feel this mental illness rotting my brain. i do not feel joy when i am around people. all i feel is anxiety, shame, and fear. the only time i feel good is when i am on drugs. at this point, i just do not know if i want to put in the effort to keep living, when i am just keep feeling numb either way. why bother trying when i could just die and be the end of it? i know that my death would make my mom and two best friends sad, but i just do not know if i want to keep living anymore. depressed rant
i do not really have any methods for a painless death i just have a small knife that i used for self harm. tonight i was thinking what if i stab myself in the neck what then? i guess i would bleed to death. it would be so painful. now i am just thinking what my mom would think when she sees me on my bed just dead covered in blood. ngl i feel like i am doing this for attention but i hate feeling this way. i wish i could just go into some forest and kill myself there so no one would find me immediately. i am pretty much convinced that no one would care anyways. they would just move on after a while. my brothers probably saw it coming and it would somehow be a blessing for my parents because they would not have to deal with me. i am still like 17 but cannot imagine myself getting a job to help my mom or dad anytime soon. my dad does not even love me and my mom's getting slowly tired of dealing with me. i cannot pick up after myself, i cannot do anything at all. i am thinking of rehoming my dogs too, i am not fit to take care of them even though they have technically been my only will to live. sometimes people tell me you are still so young you have no reason to feel this way but honestly that just gives me more motivation to end it all. if i cannot handle living now what makes you think it will be any better when i have to do it on my own? if i do not die from a murder or accident i will definitely die from suicide. that is just the only path i see going for me. and now i cannot stop thinking about sticking that knife into my neck and just bleeding to death. idk i am just having suicidal thoughts.
i am just going to write. barely any grammar, i am just going to type and see what happens.i am stuck, idk what to do. i am so fucking uncomfortable all the time with my body, i cannot shower with light and it has to be pitch black otherwise i would risk crying. i am 15 and i know i am transgender. i want testosterone. i want surgeries. i am so tired idk what to do. i am not diagnosed but i am pretty sure i have adhd, i cannot concentrate, i cannot remember things. i hate the way i think.i have nothing going fo me, my art is getting trash and i cannot sell it for money. the most ill be able to do is work at a supermarket. this sounds very edgy, but i feel numb. i do not feel sadness anymore but i do not feel excited anymore either. nothing to look forward to that is coming up recently. no one sees me as a boy. i hate it. my parents r disappointed in me. i know they are. all i do is eat their food, use their electricity and in return i lash out at them for being worried. i cannot kill myself because my best friend said they would do it as well. i have my gcse's next yea i am not ready. i am stressed and i cannot get information into my brain. i always forget it. idk why. i am too much of a pussy to actually do anything anyways. i am just here. i do not bring anything to the world. no one cares that i feel like this. they think its hormones. everything is the same everyday. wake up. eat something. bother parents for money. go to school. go to the same lessons in the same order. go home. eat. sleep. repeat. ashamed to say i am crying now. i do not even want to cry. wtf do i do idek what to write.
hi all! i could really use some advise. thank you in advance to those who comment. long story short, i feel trapped in unfulfilling office jobs that do not align with who i am as a person. every day i go through some sort of existential crisis, and lately i have really been wondering what the purpose of life is. on top of this, usa's economic and societal climate really makes me depressed. jobs i would actually be happy with would not pay a livable wage. cost of living is too damn high, and greed is so rampant amongst corporations rich people. anyway, i have been working in my professional career for about 7 years now, but i still feel like a scared little girl when it comes to taking on responsibilities and talking to other people. all the information that comes my way at work does not stick. i do not have interest in retaining it, and it is really starting to bite me in the butt. my career motivation is tanked, and i feel very guilty about it i know this is not who i really i am... seriously, i can be a very driven and happy person! but especially lately i really just want to shut myself away. i want to quit, but bills need to be paid!so my question is how do i get out of this rutt and find fulfillment? i have tried therapy, anti depressants, career coaches, exercising, and eating well. i have also changed jobs a couple times, gone back to school for master's, etc. but over time i sink back to these bad feelings. how can i gain confidence in my job and skills? what will make me want to wake up everyday? i miss the feeling of the world is my oyster . the world is shit. advise on fulfillment?
i was fully committed to my plan that was going to happen this weekend. first, i was going to say goodbye to my unsuspecting family and go for a walk into the woods, where i was going to gather approximately 20 leaves of conium maculatum poison hemlock , eat them with a few shots of smuggled vodka or something to that effect, and die within a few hours of respiratory collapse. but now, obviously, i am having second thoughts. i knew that eating hemlock would not be fun and peaceful but at least its not water hemlock, which kills you way worse , and i even thought that i deserved the pain that it would bring, but now i am scared. dying from respiratory failure sounds awful. imagine someone sealing your mouth shut, and then plugging your nostrils. i wanted a way to knock myself out very quickly after eating the leaves so i would not feel anything. chloroform? steal horse tranquillisers from the farm on the way to the woods? seemed too unachievable. and i also had second thoughts because my brain was flooded with things to live for despite them all being highly romanticised, when in reality i know that my life is shit . and now the stress, shame, anger and everything else that accompanies continuing to live is upon me. i have put off all my work because i thought id be deadwell now what? i do not exactly have the motivation to catch up with anything, and my family have planned a bunch of outings that i am way too depressed to go on, but i do not want them to know that. honestly being dead is practical if nothing else. can we talk about how stressful it is to plan it and not go through with it?
i just want to end my life, but i am too cowardly to do it. i know my death will upset the few who claim they still care about me, but existing is so fucking painful. i really do not want to go on, i can feel the fear of going through with it slowly starting to disappear, because i am so beat up by life it is looking like the only viable option left. i almost went through with it on tuesday morning, while my partner was at work. i had the pills in my hand and everything, but i just... could not do it.it started getting really bad around february of this year, when i randomly started reliving some past traumas from my youth. i was drugged and raped when i was 17, on top of that add a shitty upbringing from people who were supposed to protect me and an even shittier school life, where i was mercilessly bullied by my peers. i have always not been great at speaking to people or expressing my emotions, so i always come off as awkward and weird. it really enrages me when people who used to give me a hard time say ah, it was just harmless teasing . i am now 35 and that shit never leaves you. then we have the emotional vampires in my family who need me to drop everything and help them with a problem, but when it is time to return the favour, there is nothing but silence. i am currently receiving therapy but it is just not working. the only thoughts that bring me relief is the thought that if i killed myself, everything will be over and i can finally find the peace of mind i have been searching for, for so long now i think the next time i am on my own. i am going to do it. i do not belong anywhere
i am so sick of constantly feeling tense, stressed, depressed, hopeless, false hope, anxiety, social anxiety, shame, guilt, pretty much every negative emotion i can think of. my entire childhood has been a hot mess, and my biological father has been a beacon of intense excruciating pain for as long as i can remember. i have done drugs, failed 9th grade twice, been bullied, done bad things, been arrested, been a victim of abuse and i am too scared to reach out for help. i have recently started seeing a therapist and she seems nice but i feel like a total burden to have to give therapy to, she is also diagnosed me with mdd. there is so much uncertainty in my life that as a indecisive low confidence dude as my self, suicide is looking like sweet relief. i have given up on religion already, and recently moved thousands of miles away to a new place, which makes me feel even less confident and uncertain. my biggest goal in life is to help other people, but i cannot even help myself. i have never truly felt happy in my entire life, and i just want to feel happy so so so painfully bad. i have not exercised consistently at all in 2021, nor have i had a consistent diet since i lost 40 pounds this year thanks to feeling too unmotivated to even drink water. i have recently bought 4 very long games for my ps4 to escape from my life, but i can barely concentrate on the game due to the intense dread i constantly feel irl. i hope to have a normal time playing these games because they are unofficially my only excuse to not commit suicide yet. i am 17, and suicide is the only thing i can look forward to.
i have attempted suicide when i was only in third grade. why? because i am sick of my parents arguing, sick of being that one weird kid at school that nobody talks too, sick of seeing my family in poverty and trying to raise a family. of course i still love my parents, but i hate watching them struggle for my needs before there is. and then they split. i hated seeing my single parent cry as they handed me a 50 bill on christmas with tears in their eyes, barely able to keep it straight. i, however, was beyond belief and grateful for getting 50 as i have never owned that much money before.now here comes my self insecurities, self doubt, depression anxiety, and love trust issues. i spend hours a day wondering why i am the ugly kid and how life would be so much easier if i was dead i know, killing myself over how i look is not something i should do . my insecurities of wondering why i am so skinny and not like the other people i have seen who have has the physical appearance that they eat enough. my self doubt of am i good enough? am i a burden on my parents? have they ever had suicidal ideation but held it together because they do not want to see me in pain? and it circles around in my head eventually driving me to madness and causes me to break down in tears. i do not know how to love and have a hard time trusting people, causing me to push them away.if it was not so hard to talk about feelings with other people reach out to get help and getting them to understand what is going on inside my mind and life, maybe id be in a different point and state of mind. rant post about my thoughts life
my entire life i have just wanted someone to love me. i do not have friends, nor have i ever had a girlfriend. i feel like giving up. i am very introverted and shy, i have asperger's so i cannot socialize well. i struggle to look people in the eye, i do not know how to start a conversation, small talk is hell for me, the usual. i feel like i just do not fit in in this world and i am not built for dating especially. it is killing my mental health. i want love but everything i try fails. people do not want to be around me because i am depressed and suicidal, all i want is for people to want to be around me. i feel like it is a paradox and i am just stuck forever. i have been to therapy for years and years, i have tried working on myself since i was born, and i still have gotten nowhere. and yet the people with everything and the people who have dated or had friends their entire lives tell me that i will find someone eventually i get messages from people online when i post on here and it is very kind but i feel terrified to respond and i feel like a jerk for not responding. i just do not want to be told that i am annoying, ugly, stupid and all the other things my friends called me. and i do not know how to respond.i do not know what to do anymore. i have tried to stop caring about it but it is impossible for me to not get jealous of people who are happy. i feel like i am not built for this world because of what i was born with.i want to fucking die but i am too much of a coward. i am sorry this is very much a rant. i did not know where else to put it i feel like i am not meant to be loved
i know its hard to starve yourself and to actually die from it. but at least i can say it was not an impulsive decision. long story short i came out of the hospital 3 weeks ago. that was the 4th time i have been in the hospital for trying to overdose and the social worker told my mom i could no longer manage my own meds. my mom has been overbearing all my life and i tried to keep things from her so that i could have a sense of control over my health and life. so this was devastating to me. i attempted to regain control by hiding all the new meds i picked up from the pharmacy and she found them. this was 2 days ago. i made a huge mistake at work and ended up giving a patient nerve damage after i injected a medication in the wrong spot. i can still see her glare full of hatred towards me. i do not belong in health care. i was going to be a doctor or a nurse but i am just going to end up harming or even killing patients from stupid mistakes. my lifes purpose was to help people but i cannot even do my job right. life just is not worth living if i am going to harm patients. i have been thinking about this all day yesterday at work. i am refusing to take my meds and have just been eating junk food all day long. i have got my mcat exam in 2 weeks and supposed to be starting dbt skills group in 2 days. but i could care less. i have got nursing school starting in fall. but all i can think about is just watching myself waste away. its peaceful knowing i do not have to care anymore. ill just get weaker and eventually pass out or something. and no one will know. i think i am going to starve myself
hey so idrk where to start but i am a 16 year old girl and recently have been diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety which all started when i began my accutane course. but it basically started when i went on the pill, rhat gave me acne, so i went on accutane instead. i have not felt happiness since about february this year. its currently mid july. i used to be beautiful before all these drugs fucked me up. i am super sensitive to medication and i was on erythromycin, accutane, prednisone a steroid and the pill. now i am off everhthing and just on minocycline to control the acne. but accutane has left me with crazy side effects like extreme facial swelling and bloating i look so fucking ugly and people have been commented on it, calling me a catfish and looking at me like i am some disgusting piece of filth, the ugliest thing they have ever seen, shocked that i have had the biggest glow down ever. anyways, i have had enough, i have been waiting for the depression to get better it has not, for my face to return to normal it has not abs i have no hope that my face ever will return to normal . so i am giving it another week, and if i am not better by then i am killing myself. i do have a wonderful life in terms of family and some close friends, but i cannot live with this depression any longer. i give up. its weak i know. ill probably just jump off a cliff or overdose this one seems easier . does anyone want to give me some advice on anyhing before i go, because i really think its over for me . i really really want to kill myself but i do not know when or if i will find the guts to
i am so fucking tired of this my life sucks i got held back again so i am a freshmen when i should be a junior because i never do my work i have no irl friends no actual hobbies ill play videogames n stuff but what 16 year old boy does not play videogames i have some online friends i even was edating someone and they were the only one of the people online i feel i could actually talk too i wanted to help her i wanted to be their for her, her guardian angel as corny as that sounds because she has severe depression i was the last person she talked to after she tried killing herself by taking pills when we were close friends i always liked her romantically tho and she tried to kill herself after we broke up once she asked me if id be said if she killed herself. and she is also anorexic she only eats 500 calories a day. i found out when we were dating that the reason she tried to kill herself was because she thought noone would ever love her flaws and all i thought of how i told her i thought her cuts were beautiful never encouraged it and how she must be happy now. and then she broke up with me over some stupid shit on my end and now i have no one and apparently she is already with someone i feel she might have been lying to me. it does not help that i have been upset over her since march before we even dated. honestly idek if i should be posting in this subreddit its not like i am about to kill myself right now or anything but i want to die i am just afraid of suffering so guns would probably be the only way id kms wonder how long ago i would have done it if i had a gun i want to die
i am in a weird spot. ever since covid, i feel like suicide is actually inevitable to me. like i want to know when i am dying, opposed to dying any other way. i am close to quite a few people but i feel like no one actually cares about me. i am the one that reaches out, i am the one who cares more than my family and friends. i just feel so alone, like i am trapped in hell. i am 23 almost 24, been dealing with suicidal thoughts since i was 11. had a traumatic childhood.. and now i just live with this eternal emptiness inside of me. like no matter how good life can be at times, its never enough to eradicate this personal sadness and hopelessness that seems to plague me from time to time. i think about death, dying, and mortality all the time. the strange thing is i do not want to die, i just do not want to deal with life. does that make sense? it feels like there is no point to me being here. i want to die before having to face the days my siblings or parents or friends die, i want to end this cycle of hopelessness that sits with me for years. can someone tell me what is the fucking point of life? work a job and scrap together money for survival? spend most of my time alone in my head? death is inevitable for everyone, i just want to control and know when its my time. depression and anxiety wear me down constantly, i just wish i could feel actually happy and understand the point to repeating these days over and over again. does anyone else feel like this? i hide these feelings so well, i feel like people would be shocked if i pulled the trigger.. i do not know what to feel anymore..
kind of hard to explain in full detail, but i kind of always thought i was a worthless piece of shit but also thought hey i am kind of better than other people at this one thing which was useful as a job so i figured i would just tough life out so my parents would not be sad and all that stuff. but recently i realized that no, actually, you are not very good at your job, you should have been fired years ago, you cannot get a new job, and you are too useless to do anything else. so my options are essentially to leech off my parents for my whole life or be homeless. or, possibly, constantly get hired on for low wage menial work and be fired within a few weeks for sucking. i choose option 4 as i do not see any value in life anyway. my desire to not have my parents be sad is no longer strong enough to keep me here. too bad for them that they took the chance and had a child. i am only partially delaying as the method i have chosen could be dangerous to people so i am trying to figure out how to avoid anyone getting hurt. it should be quick and relatively painless though. i just need a very empty space or something to counteract the toxicity after i perish. of course i would prefer to have nembutal but getting your hands on it is such a hassle and it is hard to be sure you are actually getting nembutal if you try to get it from seedy sources. i bought a shit ton of candy and sweets and am enjoying eating them though, probably actually truly enjoying them for the first time in my life since i am no longer thinking boy i should not be eating this crap. pretty sure i will kill myself soon
it is honestly the worst feeling in the world have the one person you care about and love the most tell you they hate you.. yeah i know i have fucked up but i am doing everything i can to change for her.. the night she told me that i got up out of bed, went to the backyard. found some good strong and long rope and set off into the darkness.. as i was preparing for my departure she comes and finds me, taking my escape with her.. after this she goes back inside.. that is when i went too look for another escape route.. ended up finding some old ratchet straps and set off once again, this time to the horse trailer.. i tied up a half assed noose and pit it around my neck and sat down..as i feel myself drifting off into the darkness i hear her call out to me with a worried tone.. that is when i thought to myself, maybe she does still care about me, maybe i can keep on living.. that was almost my final goodbye and at times i wish it was.. but no.. instead i stood up and removed the strap from around my neck and just sat there crying to myself.. she ended up finding me saying i could come back inside.. that was 3 nights ago.. and she still will not sleep in the same bed as me, say i love you , call me babe, hug me, kiss me.. nothing.. i feel like a stranger in my own home.. and i do not know if i can keep going on like this.. i have promised myself that if one more thing happens then that is it for me.. i hate to say it but i am serious.. i do not want a life that does not have her in it.. i just wish she could know that before it is too late.. my own wife does not even want me anymore..
i am a 26 year old male. never had a girlfriend, never kissed anyone and a virgin. i do not know what happened really. i basically never asked a girl out properly. even when a few of them showed interest in me. i even had 2 girls ask me out on their freaking own. i never asked them out myself on a second date. i just do not get it. when i have to do it i get nervous, like i am about murder someone is entire family. even though it is a completely normal and natural thing to do. i am scared to set up a dating profile too... it is like everyone started dating at 16 and i just got stuck at 12 years old. i feel pathetic for it. the funny thing is all the other aspects of my life is good. i have friends and even girl friends . i have a master's degree and i am building a solid career. i am independent from my parents too... just this dating aspect of my life is not existent and never was. most of my friends have girlfriends and boyfriends... just not me. however as i get older i feel the urge to have kids and a wife. i really want. i think there is nothing more magical then having a strong long marriage with a woman you love and to see your children grow up to be adults. i cannot imagine how happy that would make me. yet i am not able to do anything to accomplish that. the realization i will never have a wife and kids depresses me more and more as i get older. it will probably eat me alive from within one time. i am writing all this here because suicide has come up in my mind several times and i feel really lonely today in my studio apartment. i want to have a wife and raise a family.
i am a 26 year old male. never had a girlfriend, never kissed anyone and a virgin. i do not know what happened really. i basically never asked a girl out properly. even when a few of them showed interest in me. i even had 2 girls ask me out on their freaking own. i never asked them out myself on a second date. i just do not get it. when i have to do it i get nervous, like i am about murder someone is entire family. even though it is a completely normal and natural thing to do. i am scared to set up a dating profile too... it is like everyone started dating at 16 and i just got stuck at 12 years old. i feel pathetic for it. the funny thing is all the other aspects of my life is good. i have friends and even girl friends . i have a master's degree and i am building a solid career. i am independent from my parents too... just this dating aspect of my life is not existent and never was. most of my friends have girlfriends and boyfriends... just not me. however as i get older i feel the urge to have kids and a wife. i really want. i think there is nothing more magical then having a strong long marriage with a woman you love and to see your children grow up to be adults. i cannot imagine how happy that would make me. yet i am not able to do anything to accomplish that. the realization i will never have a wife and kids depresses me more and more as i get older. it will probably eat me alive from within one time. i am writing all this here because suicide has come up in my mind several times and i feel really lonely today in my studio apartment. i want to have a wife and raise a family.
i am 17 now. and i do not want to hit 18. if i reach 18 at this weight, looking like this, with no friends, having never had a job, and never even having my first kiss then i will be so embarrassed.i am done living, at this point its clear that i was destined for suicide.. some people are destined to get married, be a parent or become a successful adult like a doctor. i however, was destined to kill myself.i have contemplated doing this for practically my entire life, i was bullied the moment i walked into year one second grade and i have not had one year of my life of being bully free and its because i am fat, ugly amp worthless.mummy, i love you. you are my best friend and i will miss you so much. it might hurt at first knowing that i am not here anymore but after a few days you will realise that i was only a burden.daddy, i love you. you are also my best friend and despite how silly you are you have always been amazing, i was always a daddys girl but it did not fix how nasty i was to you and mum. i am nasty and horrible and i know you blame it on my depression but i am clearly just a nasty person.brother, no name for privacy you are my best friend. even though you act like you do not i know you love me, i know you will miss me amp i know you always have tried to protect me. i remember my first ever suicidal thought semi attempt was interrupted when you ran up 2 flights of stairs and nearly broke my door trying to get to me. you listened to me for hours trying to help me whilst i was crying like a maniac. i love you and i am sorry that you cannot help me this time. this is it.
i do not know what to do anymore, i really do not. its not like things have gotten worse or anything, its just the same suffering like always. it is just that i am close to my breaking point i cannot take it anymore. everyday i just wish i could die. i tried slitting my wrists it failed and jumping off also failed, i was too much of a coward to do it . my parents know that i slit my wrists and they were angry about it. i suppose they did not know how to react. i asked them to bring me to a mental hospital psych ward but they shouted at me and told me that it was not serious and that there is nothing wrong with me. do not get me wrong this is not about my parents they are only trying to help but i really do not know how much longer i can wait. my dad told me to leave things to him and to just focus on my studies normal everyday stuff but firstly, he is very busy with his work. secondly i do not know how much longer i can take it and just sit down and wait i need to die. my parents do not understand that i cannot function like a normal human being i just cannot. everytime someone talks to me or asks me a question it takes me so long to process it and i end up stuttering. i do not know what to say when i call the suicide hotline and i do not know what they will do. i would like them to bring me to the mental hospital psych ward but i do not know how and i do not know how i will explain it to my parents. someone pls help thanksps my parents are really nice i am just saying that their way of helping me is making me worse not doing anything at all what to say to the suicide hotline
i am very bored of life at my 20s, so many years doing the same, just breathing with 0 interest to follow the human social structure born gt grow gt work gt get a girlfriend gt reproduce gt work gt die i am very tired to continue, there is a lot of irrelevant things that i do not matter. my existence is the result of ignorance and ego of the human being, i am not special, just a genetic algorithm running in auto mode. our lives are a constant loop...i remember my feelings since kid, questioning my existence and that i should not be here because there is no real purpose and i do not fit in this reality.i learned a lot in this life and reached a high education level fortunately, i enjoyed the books i read while pursuing my search in complete solitude, i am proud of me creating light and purpose when there was not, supressed all aspirations and roots on this earth because i know that nothing matters, all of this will be forgotten in thousands of years, this fragment of galaxy will collapse one day, humanity too.20 years walking and preparing the path of death, now i am ready to leave my physical body. i am happy because i know i will end it soon and it will be a honorable death for me. no suicide note, nothing to say nor leave, just a mysterious and clean death that no one around me could have expect of me and they will not understand because they cannot see in deep.hope for you, dear reader eating popcorn amp enjoying last moments as an spectator while seeing my life ending slowly... i know how my life ends soon, i am happy because there is the only purpose that it makes sense.
i do not know what to do anymore, i really do not. its not like things have gotten worse or anything, its just the same suffering like always. it is just that i am close to my breaking point i cannot take it anymore. everyday i just wish i could die. i tried slitting my wrists it failed and jumping off also failed, i was too much of a coward to do it . my parents know that i slit my wrists and they were angry about it. i suppose they did not know how to react. i asked them to bring me to a mental hospital psych ward but they shouted at me and told me that it was not serious and that there is nothing wrong with me. do not get me wrong this is not about my parents they are only trying to help but i really do not know how much longer i can wait. my dad told me to leave things to him and to just focus on my studies normal everyday stuff but firstly, he is very busy with his work. secondly i do not know how much longer i can take it and just sit down and wait i need to die. my parents do not understand that i cannot function like a normal human being i just cannot. everytime someone talks to me or asks me a question it takes me so long to process it and i end up stuttering. i do not know what to say when i call the suicide hotline and i do not know what they will do. i would like them to bring me to the mental hospital psych ward but i do not know how and i do not know how i will explain it to my parents. someone pls help thanksps my parents are really nice i am just saying that their way of helping me is making me worse not doing anything at all what to say to the suicide hotline
like the title says i have been thinking about killing myself all day today. now suicidal thoughts are nothing new to me, but usually they are fleeting and sort of go away on their own, but not today. i am serious about it today, i typed up and suicide note while i was at work and put some thought into a method today shotgun in the mouth . i feel guilty that i feel this way because i actually have a pretty ok life, i have wonderful family and friends who are nothing but supportive of my struggles, i have a decent job, and with the exception of my severe bipolar disorder i am in good health. but i am also dealing with addiction and trying and failing so far to get sober is putting me in a state of mind that thinks suicide is a viable option. i am in pain, and the only thing i want is to be free of this pain and i just do not know how to go about accomplishing that. the intellectual part of my mind tells me that these feelings will pass and i will feel better, but the emotional part of me is telling me there is no hope and i should just end it all. pretty much the only reason i have not already done it is because i love my family and friends too much. my best friend in college killed himself, so i know firsthand what its like the be the one who is left behind, and i would not wish that feeling on anyone. but that leaves me just living a life i do not want to live for the sake of other people, i feel trapped. i do not know i suppose i am rambling now, i just thought if i got this off of my chest i would feel better, i guess well see. been thinking about ending it all day today.
i am constantly crying myself to sleep over the pain of not being able to kill myself. i do not have a horrible life but it feels so routine and its exhausting. i find myself wanting to just end things because its just so much easier. but every time i have thoughts of suicide i just think about how my mom already lost one son and her husband, i cannot put her though that again. i cannot hurt my family and friends that i know care for me but i just do not feel close to them anymore. i feel like the affection or compassion i show towards them are fake. all my emotions i show them feel so forced. i cannot even say i love you to my family without cringing. i just want to rest peacefully and the thoughts of hurting the people around pain me. how is that fair! its not their life, its mine. i should be able to do what i want. its selfish that people want me to say alive because they will miss me. this constantly battle of wanting to die but i cannot kill myself hurts and i just bottle it up until it all comes out in tears and i am just left sleeping of exhaustion.i have never attempted to kill myself but i am afraid one day, probably when my mom goes, ill end up doing it. and i cannot bring myself to talk to anyone because i can never be so open with anyone, not my family and not even my girlfriend to an extent. maybe i should try therapy but every experience i hear from people is horrible. so i am just forced to sleep it off and when i am asleep it all just goes awaythe pain, the exhaustion, the pressure. its the best feeling in the world. the best drug. i just cannot stop crying
i am a drug abuser benzos and meth mostly and have been diagnosed with schizophrenia 11 years ago. my psychosis is getting worse although my drug use is ceasing. i dissociate heavily and i barely even feel like i am a real person typing this. the voices and visual hallucinations are constant, but worst at night when i am alone and not doing anything. my best friend barely talks to me anymore and its killing me to think that i care more about her than she does about me. worth mentioning i am kind of in love with her. she was the best at calming me down in severe episodes of psychosis and was always so patient and caring and gentle. and now that i do not have her in my life anymore, its tempting me to use drugs to cope with the depression which i know will make the schizophrenia worse so its a lose lose. every night now i lay in bed and listen to the voices telling me awful things about myself, usually in the voices of people i know, worst of all, in the voice of my dad who passed away 4 years ago that i never grieved over because i was so out of it on drugs. i feel so alone and i get so scared at night because i have been known to dissociate and black out and harm myself, coming inches from killing myself, literally i had a gun pointed at my temple and the trigger was being slightly pulled, came to just before the bang . i constantly struggle with the decision of whether i want to live the rest of my life trying to deal with this horrible disorder, or if i want to just say game over and call it quits. i do not really have a point to this, i just needed to rant. i need help
nsfw trigger warning my whole life i have fantasized about the idea of dying. i met death once, it was a dark and quiet place, and i experienced what it truly was to be alone. expect this alone did not hurt, in fact it was relieving. so relieving that when i when i opened my eyes again i cursed every nurse and doctor who thought it necessary to save me. i, at the age of 11, decided that i no longer needed saving from the mess that i called life, i wanted to return to that darkness. i truly wanted to die. and with every year that i grew older, i fell more in love with closing my eyes for the final time. 11 years later i sit at the door of another birthday, another reminder that i am alive. a burden. a curse. what could i do the expire naturally? nothing, no disease i have or could possibly have would kill me any time soon. it is a matter i now have to deal with personally. suicide. suicide is such a scary word to utter. but not just because i am afraid of dying. i am. i am terrified. almost as terrifying as choosing the wrong number in an almost winning lotto ticket. if i go, would i possibly be missing a reason to live? but everyday the possibility of that seems unlikely, almost silly. suicide. i attend to commit suicide. i attend to revisit that quiet darkness and make it my home, a place where i can finally belong. to close my eyes and know that i can finally breath and be relieved of trying. today, maybe tomorrow, or maybe i can hold out a little longer, but eventually my only plan is to rely on suicide and finish what was started 11 years ago. today i made a decision
i am dreading my birthday. it will be a day of people are celebrating me but it does not feel rightive always had my own issues stemming from my childhood that i never really tried to fix and they often come up and ruin things for me. but the last year or so has been the hardest for me. i started my first year of university in the midst of a global pandemic. i struggled hard and could not find it in me to attend those online classes. i ended up doing very bad which is hard for me to accept because all my life i was an a student. during the pandemic my best friend boyfriend dumped me, got back with me after 6 months and then dumped me again a week ago. the last break up i was sad but now i realized he was probably the only thing that made me forget how miserable and bleak my life is. a month ago, all my friends that i have been with since high school completely dropped me. it was very sudden and i have not heard from them since. i reached out to an old friend and we met up but he just tried to get in my pants after i told him i have been struggling. i did hook up with him though because i am weak and i like to please people. i have nothing. people tell me the future is bright and time will heal but i am so afraid of the future. i am afraid of the hurt i will experience in the future, i am afraid that things will not get better. i am afraid of the uncertainty of my future. its one thing after the other. why am i being challenged? i am not sure what i want from posting this maybe just someone to listen i am turning 19 in a month but life has felt too long. i am tired of it.
i went out further than my local store for the first time in many years today. ever before the pandemic i had not been out in a while due to depression and the increasingly massive weight gain it caused. for years i have been living and working in a small bedroom alone wearing the same pair of ripped leggins everyday. recently i have been trying to diet and get out of my funk, and i thought i was ready to go out and enjoy the day! i made a special effort to dress properly and put on make up etc. i knew i did not look goood but i thought i was pretty innocuous, at least...but i could not even walk a few hundred metres without people making fun of me and mimicking my walk waddle, i guess it happened two separate times this morning and i have been crying ever since. its pathetic....i thought i was getting better but today has just proved i am not, and likely will not without professional help which just is not coming. my mum she is the one who came with me today, since i have no friends lol called the mental health crisis team and my gp earlier today both just kind of shrugged and said that thoughts and threats of suicide were not enough for them to intervene, i would have to try st first. now my mum is frustrated because its 1am and i am still sobbing! she said she is not going to spend time with me like this again because of my bad attitude which means i have absoloutely nobody anyway i hope everyone else is doing better haha. any tips on how to get through the night without waking my mum up crying again? what should have been a nice day made me realise its time to go
i am only 16, and i cannot do snot thing right. i am stupid compared to everyone around me, i am fat, like really fat, i have no skills academically or physically and cannot find the will to actually do anything or get skills i can actually use anywhere.i am effectively incapable of being aware of my surroundings and kind of just get lost in my own head all the time.i am not funny and all my friends up until not too long ago have left me one way or another or just straight up ignored me, i am that weird pit stop people make from one point to another, i am a side character in even my own story.my family keeps telling me to just get better, loose weight, study, but than provide no help. once my great grandmother, pop, and what not die and my current friends one at lunch leave who will i have? my mom who keeps putting me down and screaming at me for the slightest inconvenience to her? my dad who i barely see? my little siblings and cousins? i do not care if they will miss me, in enough time they will forget me like everyone else does.the only people who truly care talk about me behind my back, i have no mental stability, i am self conscious to the point of it being crippling, i have no skills or knowledge on how to get a job nor a reliable path i can take for a career. i am just another voice in the crowd.nothing but a sad pile of memorys stick in the past. i can do dnd but it feels like everyone is life is moving forwards but mine and i am stuck in the past, nobody can make time anymore.if i die world anyone care? what can i do? i feel like a mistake, and nobody cares
i went out to walk in the park an hour ago and i had my hat on with earbuds,i was dressed very bad as in i did not put much thought of what i wore,i walked a bit, it was time to come home and when i was leaving i looked up and saw two girls sitting on a bench,one had her back towards me and the other was facing my direction, at first i did not really put to much thought to it when my dumbass was still looking at her thinking who is she, she looks familiar.and when it hit me,it was the two girls who used to pick on me in middle and elementary school,i did not know what to do,my feet stopped moving they did not fuckin budge,my heart started pounding and i started breathing heavily.the girl looked at me up and down,and i lowered my head and finally my legs started moving,i had to pass them,i just know they were talkin and looking at me.i never wanted to see them again,they picked on me because of my weight,they made fun of the way i talked,they put the whole class against me,and made me embarrassed in front of everyone.they made me want to kill myself everyday,they are the ones that made me turn out this way,they made me hate myself in everyway possible now i cannot talk to anyone i cannot make friends,i am always alone,and have a fucked up mind.they had gotten prettier,in good schools,all a's,while i am the ugly loser,all because they were bored,i cannot get over it,now i am in highschool but still think about them,afraid if i am going to run into them.idk what to do anymore,why whyyy must they have everything and ruin my life.the damage is done. i saw my bullys today
my name is june.i have struggled with depression and social anxiety since i was 10 and i have only gotten worse.i was exposed to the internet when i was 4. i learned, well, just about everything i know now.just after i was diagnosed with a learning disorder, my depression and social anxiety were diagnosed. i now struggle with severe social anxiety and depression.i have had 2 friends that i have had for 2 years until earlier this year.they were assholes. i am glad i left them.in may i was admitted into a special ed school. i am being forced into attending their summer camp for the following week.it is terrible. it has only been one day of it and i can tell i will not make it out.i only have 1 friend. it is an online friend.my family could never know. i would have the only person i can trust taken away from me.i struggle with suicidal thoughts. i have wanted to die since i turned 11. i hatched a plan to do it in october, but never was able to.i want to die.the only things keeping me alive are my friend and genshin impact. if i lose my friend, it will fall apart. it is all too loud. the yelling, the banging, the screaming...it is everywhere. the house is too loud. i want everyone to shut up. but the family could never understand it.i came out as a non binary omnisexual to my parents in early 2021.i felt as i was being made fun of by them. they never ended up using the correct pronouns for me. they try, but it never actually happensi want to kill myself. i cannot tell anyone else.tl dr non binary kid rants abt their life and how they want to kts i am at my lowest point
i have felt suicidal since i was about 12 years old. emotionally abusive parents, absentee father and mother while i lived with my grandmother who was the emotionally abusive one. i met my wife in my 3rd year in high school and we started dating in senior year. we were both awkward and she was my first real girlfriend outside of long distance ones that also did not end well. we have changed as people throuout the 12 years we have been together and mostly for the good, growing in empathy and ability to communicate. one thing that did not grow was my self esteem. i can see objectively i am not particularly ugly or anything and i have a few skills but nothing has really added to my self worth. my wife was my primary source of confidence. last week i had found out that she had been involved with someone via the internet. this has destroyed me and even though she has cut contact and been saying and doing a lot of the right things so that we can stay together. she was a major anchor for me to this world and now i feel like its really just not meant for me. i have told her before that i never thought i would make it this far and right now my feet are dragging. i guess i am just venting as i work out where i go from here. i have had some good moments with my wife since this but i still feel like the life is be drained out of me. i know that plenty of you have it worse and plenty of people would not have their wayward spouse show remorse. for that i feel selfish, but honestly everything feels selfish when you feel like you deserve nothing but death. broken after infidelity.
contextin 2018, my life was finally looking up. i had busted my ass and got my weight down to a good place, i was eating well, and i had finally found another job that was... well, sort of related to my industry of choice graphic design, but i was working in a trophy shop . my boss verbally abused me, i quit within a month, i went back to junk food, i found another job at a t shirt shop where i was paid to steal designs from amazon literally, my boss actually had me do this , got fired from that too, and the resulting trauma destroyed me. i could not even pick up a pen for a while to draw, i was so distraught. my weight ballooned, going from 168 to 250. i even tried killing myself for the second time.it is three years later. i busted ass, finally got out of the food delivery game the only stable line of work i have known for about a decade , and worked my way up to being an hvac apprentice after working in the warehouse for a year. now i am out here and the job feels like it is going to hell. i do not see much of a future in this position, and this feels like 2018 all over again. i do not think i will survive this again. yesterday i even formulated a plan if when it all went down.it is not fair. i have busted my ass for the past year. i work out more, i sleep... better than i did i am human , i have been doing all the usual self care bullshit, and it is still not enough. i am going to die. i am going to die by my own fucking hand because i am going to lose this job that i worked so hard for. it is not fucking fair. i did everything i was supposed to. it is not fair
almost 29 years old. only child. shitty childhood with divorced parents and neglectful alcoholic mother. diagnosed at 14 with depression and anxiety. tried antidepressants and therapy. dropped out of high school bc anxiety and bullying. groomed by 19 year old man when i was 15 and dated him for two years. moved interstate for an ldr i started with a guy in a video game at 18. lasted one month there then ended up in a mental hospital bc i tried to kill myself. went to uni. dropped out bc anxiety. lost a bunch of weight and stopped playing video games. dated an amazing guy for 3 years, made tons of friends etc, life was good. then i ruined it. moved out to a new place with friend. met another guy eventually. he cheated on me and was talking to girls our entire relationship. it made me angry and i caused a buttload of fights every day. we accidentally got pregnant and were not ready. i had the abortion. we broke up. spiralled into a mad depression from abortion guilt and being lonely. tried therapy and antidepressants again. became raging alcoholic and binge eater. gained about 40kgs. moved out of my share house and into my mums new house. hardly ever leave house unless for therapy or other appointments. mother drives me insane. thinking about suicide on the daily now. the depression is very very deep. i hardly ever leave my room. i do not care anymore. supposed to be going back to uni next semester and trying new antidepressants. i have not given up but i want to. also i cannot drive and i have never had a job. i am a failure to my family. i cannot do this anymore
now i know, i know, me killing myself is supposedly bad and i should stay alive for the sake of my family and friends, but let me ask you this, why? why should i keep going in this horrible, corrupt world? i am told there is beauty in this life, i am told that i should live for the sake of not hurting others if i go, but that is not enough. you can only live for the sake of others for so long before you just drive yourself insane, and i am sure they can manage without me, would they really miss me if i was gone?as for the subject of there being beauty in this world, where is it? this world is dying, plain and simple, global warming is going to destroy everything and there is nothing we can do to stop it, the elite oppress the impoverished working class people just to get more for themselves, famine, rape, war and so on all still happen with no signs of ever slowing down. humans are inherently hateful, greedy, self destructive, and short sighted creatures, and there are no signs that humanity will ever change, so why should i give them the benifit of the doubt? what is the point?at this point, suicide seems like the only logical conclusion to my thoughts. i tried religion to find meaning in this existance, and it failed. i tried to find meaning through my friends and family, and it failed. and i tried to find meaning through fucking anything else i could think of, and any reason to not just tie a rope around my neck and end it all, and all of my attempts failed.well, i will see you guys on the other side, peace out. only a few more weeks and it will all be over.
you work up the courage and do it. no afterlife, you simply cease to be. you are buried. your family grieves but eventually move on. everyone you ever knew and their children and their children live and die. humanity goes extinct. the rocky mountains erode into a flat steppe and the hawaiian islands sink. the sun swallows the earth and becomes a white dwarf. so on and so on until all the end of the universe. then the big bang happens again. the earth forms again. dinosaurs live and are rendered extinct.rome rises and falls. the world goes to war twice. and then you are born again. this has happened an infinite amount of times, there was never a beginning. time is a circle. you do not retain your memories, in fact everything plays out exactly the same as last time down to the last atom. the time passing in between, though trillions of years, was nothing to you. your birth the next time around was upon you in a blink. and next time you will find yourself here again, and you will pull the trigger again. the ride never ends.the possibility of this is what keeps me going. if you see yourself as etching the grooves in the gramophone record that will decide your happiness or suffering as it plays on repeat for infinity, it might be best to squeeze all potential for happiness out of it, you will be living it out forever. or maybe your life was amazing up until this point? in that case maybe ending it now and reliving the time when you had it all might be the logical choice. the choice for how you spend eternity is your own. a thought that might keep some of you going.
my life feels like an unending hell. a lot of people cannot even believe how fucking ridiculous my life has been from birth. there is been the bright moments, and for awhile it was enough to push me through. but last year i woke up from a cult, and lost my foundation. shortly after, my wife of 6 years mentally tortured me, then left me for my best friend. i was coasting around for 6 months living out of 3 boxes. i moved back to alaska, a place that made me really happy when i lived there previously. i was still miserable, and even more alone, so i moved back home. i moved in with my girlfriend recently, it felt like life was going back up. then both of our cars broke down within a week of each other. i have no where to turn anymore. i have no outlet. she started drinking very heavily because of how fucked up everything has become, so i am trying to stay strong for us. i have always been strong enough to stand firm for myself and those around me, but i am finally breaking.i have no means to get help mentally, i ran out of meds a month ago and am falling apart. i just want to die, nothing makes me happy anymore, and when i think about the future, i see none. there is no god to cling to, no paradise when i am done. the world is probably going to end any time now, so why the fuck should i bother. i tried to commit suicide when i was 16, and promised myself i never would again. i even got a tattoo to represent that promise. but i do not think i can keep it my whole life is a joke, and i am the only one not in on it for the first time, i do not feel strong enough
hi all,i want to start by saying i have a good support system at the moment and am utilizing all of my resources to push through this. but i have made an observation about myself and my thoughts recently. lately i have not been drinking much. and that is good. but when i do, i indulge. subsequently, i feel painfully depressed for days after. the physical symptoms of my hangovers are bad, but the mental symptoms are much, much worse. i struggle with depression and suicidal thoughts when sober, but have a regimented self care method to manage it. and i manage quite well. so the spiral i feel after one single night of drinking is distressing.i know alcohol is a depressant, and i know that it does not particularly make anyone feel good. but i was wondering if anyone else feels this way after a night of drinking, where you cannot shake suicidal thoughts and feelings for up to a week. my friends are normal in that they obviously feel shitty the day after drinking, but not for multiple days. so i am feeling alone. evidently the solution is to probably stop drinking altogether, but i just wanted to see if anyone else has felt such intensity from a single night of drinking, and if anyone has any advice. from alcohol, to sex, to social media consumption normal human experiences never feel normal . i either feel things too intensely, or i feel completely numb. i just want to be able to enjoy things normal ly, and to react to setbacks like hangovers in a perceivably normal way. but i cannot. but i am going to keep trying.thank you i just need a place to talk about this
never thought i would post here but i am just at that point. there is a hollowness in my chest that aches with resignation. i feel like i have done everything to try to stay alive, to make it another year. i have tried most everything to keep the spark of life glowing. i just do not have the energy anymore. i honestly feel like my family and friends would be better off without me. i am way too sensitive for this world and i feel like such a burden. i do not have the heart to tell anyone that i am on my way out. everyone is going through shit and i do not want to add to it. i also do not think that the people i have curated relationships with would care. i have the kind of relationships that if i am not the one to check in on them, we could go months without talking to each other. it sucks, but i always budge and reach out because who else can i talk to?i have not felt loved in a really long time, if ever. i do not know if i am capable to love or if i am someone that can be loved. i know that if i left, it would destroy my family financially, so i have managed to stay this long. i know i am being used. i have called it out so many times, i sound like a broken record. my familial situation is not something i can easily break out of, and even if i did...where would i go? i have no one. i am so fucking broken that i would not know how to create healthy relationships anymore. i do not have the heart to try.if you read this i am sorry to take up your time. i will keep trying, maybe, we will see. i do not want to die, but i also do not want to live anymore. welp.
hi all,i want to start by saying i have a good support system at the moment and am utilizing all of my resources to push through this. but i have made an observation about myself and my thoughts recently. lately i have not been drinking much. and that is good. but when i do, i indulge. subsequently, i feel painfully depressed for days after. the physical symptoms of my hangovers are bad, but the mental symptoms are much, much worse. i struggle with depression and suicidal thoughts when sober, but have a regimented self care method to manage it. and i manage quite well. so the spiral i feel after one single night of drinking is distressing.i know alcohol is a depressant, and i know that it does not particularly make anyone feel good. but i was wondering if anyone else feels this way after a night of drinking, where you cannot shake suicidal thoughts and feelings for up to a week. my friends are normal in that they obviously feel shitty the day after drinking, but not for multiple days. so i am feeling alone. evidently the solution is to probably stop drinking altogether, but i just wanted to see if anyone else has felt such intensity from a single night of drinking, and if anyone has any advice. from alcohol, to sex, to social media consumption normal human experiences never feel normal. i either feel things too intensely, or i feel completely numb. i just want to be able to enjoy things normally, and to react to setbacks like hangovers in a perceivably normal way. but i cannot. but i am going to keep trying.thank you i just need a place to talk about this
i will be using letters instead of names.my friend n is the reason i am alive today, we have been friends for a long time and hes the closest friend i have ever had. i introduced him to my online friend t a month or two ago and they have been inseparable ever since. i cannot text either of them because they say that they cannot talk because they are talking to the other. so i am all by myself now. i tried to kill myself a little while ago but it did not work. i thought, well even if it did not work, maybe something will change .nothing has changed. in fact things have only gotten worse. i am being completely ignored. i lost two valuable friends. t because i was an idiot and introduced him to n, and n because i am not enough. n was the only thing keeping me alive, and now that i have been replaced i do not have anymore value. but what if i try and fail again? what then? all i will have accomplished is making everyone around me feel like shit. i do not know what to do anymore i feel so stuck. i wish i was never even born, so many people could have lived a better life if i was not born. i am just an expendable sack of flesh and bones why should anyone care about me. i cannot believe i ever thought i was important to n. it was stupid of me really. i have never been important to anyone so why did i think he was different? even so, he is the most amazing person i have ever met and i will never forget him. i hope he knows thatidk what else to say i think i am done. anyone got something to say that might be helpful? i did not realize i could be so easily replaced
i have struggled with my mental health to varying degrees over the last 5 6 years, at some points feeling like things are finally getting better and others times feeling prepared to end it all.in the earlier years, the thought of suicide and death would strike fear in me. not necessarily the permanent nature of it or the endless return to nothingness. however, more the process of dying, the act itself, the internal fear of building myself up to commit.this distinction must have had a lasting effect, over the last 5 years i have developed a pattern of having dreams where i have died in life life realism. moments of fear before the moment of death, the moment itself followed by seconds of nothingness, all before waking up in a panic.i would say i have experienced 4 5 of these dreams per week for the last 2 years. these night terrors have developed and grown in detail and frequency over the years, however, this growth in frequency has seemed to diminished my personal reaction and how i feel about the act of dying. i caught myself thinking that death no longer scares me because it feels i have died 1000 times already. now that i have returned to contemplating suicide in recent months. i reflect on how i am feeling now to when this all started those thoughts a few years ago. as of right now, i have never felt more indifferent to the nature of death and how relaxed i could be if i were to end things in the near future. what might this feel like in months and years to come.this numbingness should scare me more than it does. my dreams have prepared me for death.
my girlfriend 36 and i 28 are very in love, we do everything together and i am afraid she will kill herself once i am gone.we were about to move to hawaii and get married there but unfortunately i was diagnosed with the most painful condition on earth trigeminal neuralgia and tmj a year ago. unfortunately there is no cure and i am in agonizing pain most of the time. i am bedridden, shaking, kicking, crying and screaming. my pain is 10 out of 10. it is like getting tortured in a basement somewhere, and getting my head bashed in with a sledgehammer on a daily basis.this is my life now, and i do not want it.i am still trying to convince her to let me go but it is not easy. i think she is kind of ignoring the situation and she believes everything will go back to normal soon.she is planning the move to hawaii while i am planning for my own death.i am still trying to wrap my head around the fact that my body and mind will get erased from reality for ever, and it is fucking with my mind really hard.i would have loved to spend a few more years with this amazing girl, i had plans to travel the world and do amazing things with her, but i guess the universe had other plans for me.i am very concerned for my girlfriend's wellbeing. i have a feeling she will go completely insane once i am gone.it is going to be very hard on her, as we have been together 24 7 for quite some time now. we are inseparable.i want to make this transition as easy as possible for her. what should i do? i am getting euthanized soon, i am scared my girlfriend will kill herself once i am gone.
i 15m feel like i have been living the same day, every day for the last 4 years. i hate the fact that i had to move out of town because of my mom's addiction to cocaine. i hate the fact that my dad overestimated me so much when i came to live with him. i hate the fact that now he thinks i am useless. i hate the fact that now i am really useless, i have time and energy but i do not use either because i am lazy and i stay all day either on the pc or in bed, not wanting to do anything, i need to change the way i i live but i also do not have the courage to change. i always end up doing shit when i try to be more outgoing and i always give up after saying i am going to change. i have time and i do not use it. i am a bad person who wanted to have a worse life just so i could justify myself for being the way i am. i am disgusted with myself and instead of growing as a person i am considering continuing to do nothing until i am 18, and when the responsibilities start to show up i run away as usual, jumping from the 15th floor of a building or something like that. or i kill myself now, there is nothing stopping me now besides about 4 or 5 people. it is just that as the lazy, disgusting person that i am, i am not really into living in a third world country earning a minimum wage a month that does not quite cover my basic expenses, and that in the best case, i probably would not even get a job. i cannot talk to people normal ly, i would get anxious and just freeze at a job interview i feel like i have been living the same day, every day for the last 4 years.
2020 really amplified the issues in my marriage. my husband finally came clean and let me know he would been hiding and addiction from me for years. my constant loneliness and depression finally made sense he was unable or unwilling to be there for me while he was using. he started his recovery and we started couples therapy again, but things remained stagnant.on top of all the issues, we were not intimate anymore. he told me he was not attracted to me because i had gained weight. that was brutal to hear. i reconnected with an ex at the end of 2020. i shared my problems with him and he listened. he told me i was beautiful and that my body was perfect to him. i ate it up.. an affair was born.yesterday my husband confronted me he would gone through my phone and seen messages with my ex. he was devastated.. packed up and left. i have been a mess. i cannot function, i cannot eat, cannot go too long without the sharp pain in my heart. our relationship was filled with toxicity, but i want him back more than anything. i feel so lost and abandoned. we face timed last night and the pain in his eyes killed me. i realized i am grasping onto the idea of a relationship that never was. i am so scared of starting over. i hope he reaches out and asks that we try to work it out, but part of me feels that i should not even if he did. please help i am codependent and my separation is tearing me apart. my world is crumbling and i am barely holding on. my heart is hurting so much and i do not know what to do. co dependent and clinging onto my marriage. i feel so alone.
i 15m feel like i have been living the same day, every day for the last 4 years. i hate the fact that i had to move out of town because of my mom's addiction to cocaine. i hate the fact that my dad overestimated me so much when i came to live with him. i hate the fact that now he thinks i am useless. i hate the fact that now i am really useless, i have time and energy but i do not use either because i am lazy and i stay all day either on the pc or in bed, not wanting to do anything, i need to change the way i i live but i also do not have the courage to change. i always end up doing shit when i try to be more outgoing and i always give up after saying i am going to change. i have time and i do not use it. i am a bad person who wanted to have a worse life just so i could justify myself for being the way i am. i am disgusted with myself and instead of growing as a person i am considering continuing to do nothing until i am 18, and when the responsibilities start to show up i run away as usual, jumping from the 15th floor of a building or something like that. or i kill myself now, there is nothing stopping me now besides about 4 or 5 people. it is just that as the lazy, disgusting person that i am, i am not really into living in a third world country earning a minimum wage a month that does not quite cover my basic expenses, and that in the best case, i probably would not even get a job. i cannot talk to people normally, i would get anxious and just freeze at a job interview i feel like i have been living the same day, every day for the last 4 years.
writing this down as i comtemplate if i should kill myself later. i am a 21 year old dude and i am writing this down just to express myself and just for the sake of distracting myself from this thoughts. i have been having this dark thoughts every now and then, but they have been the only thing i only ever think about for the past few days. there are times when i actually think of doing the deed and when should i do it. the only thing that keeps me going is the thought of my mom sobbing uncontrollably as they lower my grave down. its just so hard to keep on going when you literally have no motivation to just keep on living. the only person that i can turn to is my mom, since she is the only person who actually givesa shit about me, everyone else just does not care or they pretend to care and then they talk shit behind my back.i just burst into tears as i am writing this down. i actually never had considered the fact that i would kept this shit inside for so long and and now that its out in the open everything just burst out. i have been trying out the hobbies that my mom's been suggesting but they only provide temprorary relief.to be completely honest, writing down the stuff i have been feeling has helped a bit. i never thought i would use reddit like this, but i had to let it out somehow. to those who read this, thanks for giving me a bit of your time and i hope none of you would ever have to go through i am going through right now.p suicidal thoughts have been popping in my head recently, and it scares me how willing i am to actually kill myself
i know its hard to believe, its just something that rarely ever happens and there is such little information on i feel so alone on this. but it all started two years ago, i met up with this girl and her friend she then got me extremely drunk with her. she then asked for us all to go to her room where we then starting spooning, and then i fingered her then she said your bad at that i pissed then left. i told her i did the next morning because nothing at the time made it seem unconsensual, she then told me to never talk to her again which i agreed on. i felt so bad about how she felt about the situation that the guilt made me attempt my own life and made me end up in a psych hospital for 1 month. everything was fine until a few days ago where she and specifically a bunch of people who disliked me in the first place kept posting a image saying i molested her and multiple girls on the side. this made me lose most my relationships with people understandably, because its a obvious choice in who you want to defend you know. so i could not blame most of them, and there is not a single name to any of the other victims when i asked the people who where posting it. i know this whole thing is made up wether that girl feels that way about the situation or not. this might not be the best place to talk about this, but for obvious reasons i feel so alone. its also just so hard to defend yourself from accusations like this. my whole life feels over, and its just getting harder every single day. i have been falsely accused of sexual assault and its ruined my life.
dunno what to say, actually.i was doing quite good for a while and like really thought, that i overcame the worst part. guess, i was wrong? or maybe i kind of jinxed it. orrr i just do not really deserve to be happy. who knows.now everything is worse than before and heck, if my cat would not be here, i think i would be over for me. multiple of my friends since months now have been ranting to me how horrible their life and how shitty everything is. which has been fine, everyone needs someone, right? and i am happy they come to me! it means they trust me and i really value that.but...why does nobody ever ask how i am doing? and even if they do, and i honestly answer, why is that, the conversation and ranting just carries on like i had said i am fine. the same with my parents. nowadays i cannot listen to these rants anymore, bc my head is about to explode. and i feel so bad about this. i feel so horrible for, i guess, complaining about this. people talk to me, i should be happy. yet i feel lonely and question, if i just should drown myself in the bathtub. i am tired all the time, but cannot sleep at night. i oversleep daily. not only failing my friends, but my boss and my coworkers too. my head says there is nothing left for me. i tried fixing myself. i changed my diet, did sports regularly and always went to my therapy sessions. i even went ahead and agreed to anti depressants. they promised, it would make me happy. so i must be faulty, right? something must be wrong with me.maybe i am beyond repair now? i was doing good for a while...not anymore.
no more loneliness. no more cptsd from hell. no more voices screaming at me in my head all the time. no more isolation. no more guilt and shame. no more stress and anxiety. no more burnout. no more self hatred. no more vicious circles. no more being left out. no more overwhelm. no more panic attacks. no more horror. no more nightmares. no more intrusive thoughts. no more heartbreak. no more watching yourself slowly die a painful death. no more putting up with all the stupid and horrible shit in this fucked up world. no more reliving the traumas. no more fighting everyday to just survive. no more being misunderstood. no more being invalidated. no more coping with all the horrible fucking shit i have been through. no more starving for love and connection. no more overthinking. no more abuse. no more fear. no more eating disorders. no more awareness. no more shutting down. no more racing thoughts. no more self harm. no more being completely fucking miserable. no more spending everyday alone and becoming more and more insane. no more shaking and screaming out in pain and have nobody to comfort you. no more rage. no more sobbing and screaming for help. no more abandonment. no more hopelessness. no more helplessness. no more being torn apart. no more failing. no more being useless. no more derealization. no more depersonalization. no more catch 22. no more being stuck in hell and burning alive day in and day out. no more suffering. no more pain. amp x200b i have had enough, this ends now. i am ending my life soon, thought at least someone should know.
so i only have one sister, and growing up i have seen how different we are raised. as the eldest i am expected to learn all the household stuff, do them quietly and perfectly. but when my sister was at the age where she should have learned and done the stuff i did my mother never forced her to do any stuff it is the culture but really? how fair is that? mom would also guilt trip me whenever i refused to do my sister's homework or project.i spotted a lot of difference as we grow older. whenever their is conflict between me and my sister, no matter whose fault it was, they will side with her. sometimes my father would just stay quiet because mom would get mad at him. that is why right now my sister thinks that she has the authority over me especially if i would defend or in their term retaliate to my parents. i am just tired with how things are at home.just recently my sister and i fought, i am partly at fault because of my temper and i am just tired of them not remembering any of my preferences they forget even the smallest thing about me. i knew i am at fault too but for her to use the stuff that i fought over with my bf she overheard it during our fight is below the belt. so i told her that she has no right to use that against me. she burts out and threw things at me. she also tried to charged at me only to be held back by my mom. i do not know what to do anymore. i do not even have a safe space at home. i want to leave the house but if i did i can no longer supply their needs. because i have my own bills and needs to pay for... eldest of two
false allegations from old friends who hate me because i got somebody we used to hang around with arrested to protect my nephew who he threatened to hurt now like if you read my other post i am under investigation undercover police are watching me i speak to much and have incriminated myself idk how long i am going away for but i need a way out my suicide attempt was took out of context and now the police are watching me i know i am wanted but i further incriminated myself by letting the carers know why i am feeling like this now i am and trying to explain myself and get help now i am going away for a long time they took my pictures i have been drawing and are trying to pin me for things i did not do i know this is my word against 10 people but i just want to die i cannot defend myself my autism effects my speech so anything i say they manipulate it i need help any advice from people in the uk i have no money they have all my things if i run away to try kill myself they will think i am running from the police but no i just want to die and its made me look guilty idk what to do i have nothing no friends people always bullied me and tried to ruin my life and now they have successfully done it ,not using my autism as an excuse for anything i have done but i over explain things and its incriminated me i am just waiting around to be arrested help me if i get took into custody the people who made these allegations have links to police family members in the force so i am fucked the corrupt system are taking me away i am scared wish i could end it all
i have been saving for a year now after struggling heavily with alcoholism, depression, anxiety, and isolation for the last seven years which in turn caused me to fail and drop out of college two years ago after six years. i was never able to get hold a job for very long until the past year, and i was starting to feel somewhat better about myself myself until i passed up on the opportunity to make 50,000 in the stock market in january guess from what? . missing that golden opportunity caused me to chase getting that money once again, and it caused me to lose 11k nearly 6 months of paychecks. i had opportunities to have the best life ever since i got out of high school, and i have messed all of them up. now i am a 26 year old, virgin, friendless, college dropout, loser who lives with his parents. i have no social skills, trade skills or talents. i am useless. there is nothing special about me. all i do is make my mom more depressed than she already is due to my failures. i just want to not think anymore as i am drowning in shame and regret. i do not know why i did this to myself. but i did and i cannot undo it. the only thing i can do is jump off a cliff or smoke cigarettes until my lungs collapse and hope that life is all just a nightmare. i know no one can really help. i want nothing more than to be okay and be a loving positive force in the world, but my mind is just too fucked up. lost half of my life savings because i am a fucking idiot. i should have taken profit when i did, but i got greedy, once again, and this time it has destroyed me.
i used to be a good writer and more than capable expressing myself with words, but i have not been able to do that for awhile. soo i am just writing as i think, i cannot sleep, i have work tomorrow, i feel like shit, and i frankly do not care how jumbled this post will be. i do care a little, i just am do not feel well enough to structure it. that takes a lot of energy, which i do not have. i used to do martial arts and exercise all the time but it did not cure my mental illnesses, it basically worked like medication dojo in particular made me feel like i was important to them which i had never felt before in group settings , but because of covid and personal issues i was booted out because i left for 3 months. i keep trying to work out again but always fail, i hate when people say just do it well i do and i cannot follow through. its so hard to explain that feeling of wanting something so bad but you lack the energy to get it. anyways had to get a job after high school so i did not seem like a waste of space. ugh so much to explain i do not care to explain anymore actually anyways i feel like shit and i want to die. i do not usually post or comment on anything in reddit because well i do not know why. anyways i just wanted to get my thoughts out. i feel awful. yet i want to go to the military? it makes me anxious because it feels like that is my only way to survive on my own. i got engaged today to my boyfriend, if i died he would be sad and my rats would have no one to care for them. i am such a selfish person. but yet i want to die? okay
context my girlfriend just turned 17and i am 20, we met in high school and she had a huge crush on me, and i had one on her as well. we have been dating for about a year now and she is constantly been under mental abuse from her grandmother ill just call her mother whose her legal guardian. her mother has been slowly deteriorating mentally over the last year. and now she is fallen into this paranoia that me and my girlfriend are sexually active with one another.every time i go on a date with my girlfriend now she watches us like a hawk, and today i received an unexpected phone call from my girlfriend, with her crying horribly with her mother in the room. i made out the words the police have been informed.. muttered in the distance by her mother. crying my gf says after this call we cannot talk to eachother... and that they are forcing me to break up with you. she begged that i not come after her. i did my best to remain calm and agreed, telling her not to worry or panic she is been through very bad experiences in the past and suffers from anxiety attacks and depression she also thinks she is causing me trouble all the time, i do not want her to hurt herself or worse... now i wait on my porch wondering if ill see police drive up in a frenzy caused by the lies of a senile and evil woman. oh god this hurts so much, it all happened a few moments ago. please if you can help me, or guide me in the right direction, please do. i am considering going guns blazing or putting a bullet in my head. i think a restraining order was put on me, i need help
i do not want to die honestly, i am close to enjoying my life. but i cannot handle being the bad guy.i was fucked up and mentally unwell for years, he wanted to stay, but now he resents me and is abusive to me. i do my best to be impeccable with my word. to be kind, validating, supportive, etc. he tells me i owe him a place to live, while he tells me he does not owe me telling me what he is planning to do when he takes the car that day. i we live with my family. i am shamed by him about my toxic attachment with my narcissist grandma we live with.he calls me her pet and shames me for having a support system basically, because when he leaves here, he will have nothing, and while my relationships with family are strained, i have them.i was awful for years and if i do not do everything he wants now, i will be cast as so evil and if i make him homeless before he has the money, i will be damned basically to be considered awful and evil by him forever. why do i care about what he thinks? idk.but i am so depressed, desperate, and i cannot stand sleeping in the bed with him in a sexless trash abusive relationship any longer. pretending to my family that things are fine because i will be the evil one if i use my family's help to make him leave. he will be homeless. he is getting settlement money in a few months but until then i try my best and am consistently told it is not enough. my relationship is truly ruined, i do not even care anymore, but he lives in my house and will not leave until he gets money in 3 months and we sleep in the bed together
i am a failure. i failed my mom, i failed my dad, i failed the girl i liked and most importantly i failed myself. i use to be in this sub to understand others, maybe i will build some empathy and love myself more or at least forgive myself for my mistakes. i have always tried to do good, i swear. but life keeps fucking me in the ass with no lube. i try to act normal , go out with friends, work harder, learn new things but i feel everything is just an act. i still feel empty, with no clear path to follow. i am just a tragedy. i never noticed it but all the signals were always there. there is no time during the day or night i feel painless. i am really trying but fuck man it is as if god or idk who the fuck is in charge assuming there is someone is just making fun of me, making my struggles bigger day by day. i am young, in less than a year i would have graduated from a top tier uni and hopefully things will improve. but is not the prospect of a better life that keeps me from harming myself. but that of my family, friends and her. most of them do not even know what is going on. the ones who know kind of understand and tell me that it will make me stronger. thing is, i am so tired of being strong. i am just weak and pathetic. the idea of doing it keeps popping in my head, but i will keep fighting. if i decide that is is not worth the fight anymore, that i want to be a coward and do not care about my love ones. here is the proof that i do. i care more about them than i care about me. i will give my life for all of them. there is no escape
my life is going nowhere. i cannot see myself happy in the future. i am a burden to my parents. surrounded with assholes who just laugh and are glad that i am in pain. told a friend about my mental state, next time i met him.... he was shouting telling our conversation in a room full of people batchmates, juniors . what an asshole. i have sensed that some of my friends have just cut contacts with me ever since they came to know that i might take a step. i have one friend whom i tell everything, but every time i call him, it is about my mental state. i do not want to pester him as what choices i make, will not affect him, why it will. nobody gives a damn about anyone.the things i used to enjoy, are not enjoyable any more. i do not think about how to make myself better. no goal directed actions. short term motivation only lasts for 1 2 weeks. i just cannot take it any more. i just want to break free from all this. everybody i know just look down on me, like i am nothing. my friends, sheer assholes. i have cut all contacts with them. sleep and awake, all changed. i sleep when ever i want, how long i want.had a girlfriend, but she left me a year ago saying that i am a loser and i had no future. i was emotionally dependent on her, but she just shattered me emotionally. i am a sensitive person. i am too emotional. i am too friendly. i am looking for options to end my life. i just want it to be quick, painless.i have few high rise buildings near my residence. but only thing that stops me is my mother, i know she will be devastated. hopeless,
my little brother has been and will always be my world. he grew up privileged with two loving parents who did everything for him. i grew up with the same parents. my mom and i no longer get along, but we used to be very close. my dad was emotional, verbally and physically abusive towards me all throughout my teen years. my brother told me i should not talk about it to people because it tarnished my parents name. that they took care of me, fed me, clothes me, took me on vacation. while i recognize my father feels guilty for how he treated me, he has never apologized, and has not made any effort to be in my life. i do not see why i need to protect someone who never really protected me. i feel like once again i am being considered as overemotional and that my feelings, pain or my experience is not valid. yes my father is not the same person, but that does not change my nightmares about him, nor my ptsd. today is the first night in a while i felt worthless and did not want to fight any longer. i have my loving husband in my corner, but that is it. i love so deeply. why cannot others love me.i will not do it, but i really just want to end this. i have lost so many people i have loved more than myself or anyone. i am so lucky to have my husband and if it were not for him i would not even have a second thought, but i am tired. i am sad. i am lonely. i hate myself. the only person besides my husband also thinks poorly of me. i hold his opinion almost to the same regard as my husband. i am so hurt. i cannot do this anymore. why. just why. why.
i feel so alone and just my heart's breaking. i do not really have friends. the only person i really trust with talking out is my boyfriend. i have been diagnosed with ocd and am experiencing some symptoms of depression. i think about suicide daily just because of my intrusive thoughts. i am going to contact a psychiatrist tomorrow, but i still have to live through today. i cannot stop crying. my boyfriend currently requires his alone time and i am severely worried about him because this is basically the first time he has done that. but without him all i really have left is just my bed, my computer and random people online. i have been trying to go to different subreddits or facebook groups trying to find a place i can genuinely ask for help in and just i am starting to give up and think that i am not going to find someone to talk to.i have been eating less and less because that is one way i because suffering on myself. my intrusive self harm thoughts are continuously there. i have quite a few problems and i really just want to talk to someone about this but i lack the courage to start talking about it. i just want someone besides my boyfriend to actually care, someone to talk about my problems with and also help the other person. but it just seems so hard to even start trusting someone because it does not seem like they care they do not persist or just leave it at 'i am not okay but ill be fine'.life is just currently plummeting down for me and i honestly need some reassurance and care from anyone, even strangers online. please help
i do not condemn anyones decision to take their own life. this world we live in is truly awful and we all know it. i know how hard it is to feel desperately alone. i am just asking to please think about your loved ones before you go through with it. on july 5th my 15 year old cousin attempted suicide via firearm. fortunately i was able to see him the day after, though in an hour or two they will take him off life support and he will pass away. me and him had nearly identical situations growing up, and i am overcome with guilt because i just know there is something i could have done to let him know he was not alone. my grandparents have to go in and say goodbye to one of their two grandsons for the last time. my aunt and 12 year old cousin are not doing well either. my cousin has to grow up without her only sibling, her older brother. my aunt will live out the rest of her life feeling she failed her only son. my sisters have to go to bed tonight knowing that our cousin that we grew up with will not be alive when they wake up.i am not trying to dismiss anyones pain here. i know how hard it feels everyday to keep going. i have been very suicidal in the past and the idea of me giving my pain to the people i love the most, namely my two sisters, has kept me from going through with it. all i am asking here is to please think about those that love you. please reach out, talk to someone, do what you have to do. i am a person who has struggled with suicidal thoughts in the past and now my younger cousin will be taken off life support tonight
i cannot deal with it anymore, the constant battle of fighting my head about everything. i do not eat properly and its fucking with my own self image, i have the want to eat more and look better but the thought of actually pushing myself overwhelms me, i have tried reading so many diet plans but i cannot do it.i do not find enjoyment in playing games anymore, i feel like my friends have forgotten about me when i play games with them because i could not because of work. i am shit at relationships, i am a dickhead sometimes and now i am single again, i cannot be single, it fucks me seeing anyone else in a relationship, whether its in real life or on a tv show or anything, i just start overthinking and cannot do anything but just sit there and wallow in self pity.i am not working right now because of trying to kill myself i even fuck that up and i feel like i am fucking attention seeking just not working , we are already understaffed and now i am making things worse by sitting here doing nothing to help.i have not done anything but sit in my room and cut my entire left leg until the stinging shuts this fucking ocd up, what the fuck is wrong with me, why cannot i be happy. its taking another week for the therapists to get back to me on how to handle this entire situation but i do not think ill make it until then, things are just getting more shit by the second.what is the fucking point, fuck everything, why cannot i just be normal and happy, why cannot i just tell that stupid fucking voice to shit up. fuck this. ocd is killing me slowly
i am a 17, nearly 18 year old trans girl. i have not come out to anybody i know irl or started transitioning or anything. i love my girlfriend so much and we have been dating for almost 3 years. in april of 2020 i realized that i am trans and that there is no way i can keep living as a boy. every cell in my body wishes i would have told her i was questioning my gender when i first started to like 2 years ago. once i was sure i was trans, i thought id tell her i was questioning and come out to her as non binary to test the waters because i was too scared to officially come out. she started crying and said she was scared of a lot of stuff that i do not exactly remember. i feel so so so stuck. to make it worse, my sister is also trans, and has come out publicly. she moved out before coming out and my parents constantly deadname and misgender her, including to her face. my parents are paying for me to go to college but i do not know if they would keep paying for that if i came out. i want my girlfriend and i to live the rest of our lives with each other but she has bpd and i am her fp. if coming out to her does not go well, she will probably kill herself, which would make me kill myself, which might make my sister kill herself. i have no idea how much longer i can live as a boy but i do not know when i would come out much less if i ever can. it feels liket here is no way for things to go well and for me to live. please, i just want to be heard. it feels like there is no way my life can go on. i do not want to kill the love of my life
i went to college, got a useless degree, and now work a shitty job for shit pay and that i despise every second of. i would literally rather be dead than have this be my life.i tried starting a company, it failed. i tried working in different industries, no one will hire me because i am not qualified and i sometimes bomb interviews because i get nervous.i have dealt with so many fucking addiction issues nicotine, amphetamines, alcohol, steroids and i did them fucking concurrently that ill probably have a heart attack in 10 years anyways. i literally have nothing to live for. my family and friends are great but i have suffered for much too long because of the guilt i feel for feeling suicidal. my teeth are fucking rotting because i have never cared about myself and i never expected to make it to this age late 20s and now i owe over 10k in dental care to try to fix that. i am in to much debt i cannot even fucking think straight.i am done, its not my fucking problem that other people are going to feel how i literally feel every waking moment of my life when i choose to end it. its not fucking fair to have to live this way. i break down crying literally every day at this point. i have some of my good friends weddings coming up and i literally am suffering every day until they are over because i cannot ruin that for them but like what the actual fuck. why am i forced to be miserable just so other people are not? how is that fucking fair at all. i am sick, i am tired, i am done. id rather kill myself than work my shitty job any longer
to be honest, i have felt like that for years, but the only thing keeping me here is the fear of the nothingness that comes after you die. i am 21f and i have been depressed since i was 12 i think, my memory is not that good and each day i feel like my mental health deteriorates more and more. yes, i have been able to hold down a job, and i do attend to my college classes, but i feel completly empty, there is not a single spark of joy inside of me.covid worsened my life by x100, and my country's brazil current situation has been so triggering lately that i have not really been able to watch or hear the news. i miss my friends, i miss taking the bus and petting the stray cats that live on the streets, i miss actually living my life instead of being inside 24 7. i am so tired of how things are, and it feels like nothing ever improves. i want to leave, to give up and die. too bad i am too scared of what comes after death. i was raised catholic, but i am no longer a believer. i feel like god is punishing us for all the sins the human race has commited. oftentimes i want to scream and scratch myself, pull my hair and release all that anger and sadness that is been building up inside me for the past year and a half, but i cannot.i am so tired of the pain i have been enduring for nearly a decade, and i am so tired of the recent events that have made this pain increase so much that it hurts to do the simplest of tasks, such as showering. i want it to stop, it hurts so goddamn much to be alive. i do not feel like life is worth it anymore
i am a 27 yr old woman. bc of the pandemic and stuff i had to move back in with my parents. my step dad was very inappropriate with me as a teen. my mom blamed me for it and is still married to him. i have to see him every day bc i do not have anywhere else to live. i am the first person in my family to graduate college. i recently got a new good paying job but i work from home and do not get my first paycheck until august bc it is monthly pay. i do not have enough money to leave yet. my bio dad was in prison for manufacturing most of my life, he just married a woman he is known for a few weeks and is raising her kid now. i have nightmares all the time. i am in therapy. last night i had a dream i had my own house but lost my job so my mom told me to move back in with her and my step dad. in my dream i unalived myself so i would not have to see him again. i woke up in my parents house and my step dad was in the living room. i feel like my waking life is worse than that dream. i cannot afford to go out or drink or smoke right now. i have not left the house in many days and will not be able to until sunday when i babysit for a little cash for gas and cigs. i just have to deal with it.i know i will be able to leave by the end of the year. but i do not know if i will make it that long having to see my step dad every day. i feel so isolated, i only have my dog to talk to really. no one else likes me to talk about this stuff. he started drinking again too. i am so scared i am not safe here. i do not want to be me anymore. i am so alone
so i have decided to do something pretty reckless, but something that i feel i need to do. i am going to go and stand somewhere high, somewhere that i can throw myself off of and kill myself if i want too. then i am going to ask myself whether i truly want to live. because right now i am in limbo everyday what it is i want to do. do i want to kill myself? or am i just sick of struggling and if i give it my all maybe it will be worth it. i have a feeling i want to fight, but then everyday i get up i do not do anything. so i think if i said to myself, either from this point forward you fight with everything you have or you might as well jump it would help.i have lost everything i fought for, absolutely everything. this is the first time ever i am asking myself honestly, do you want to be alive? like i fought so hard to make my mum proud, then i met my gf and i did absolutely everything i could to be worthy of her love. we had a miscarriage and from that point onwards my life has been hell. i then lost my mum which killed me, then after being stuck abroad thanks to covid i missed her funeral.. for me to get back and all my possessions are gone. then my gf leaves me. so genuinely i have no reason to fight, only for a future that is not even a promise. i know who i want to be, but it is whether i have the fight and energy left to make it. which is why i need to do what i said. because if i stand on that bridge and ask myself have i got the fight in me left , if the answer i come back with is no i will jump. next week, i might do it
i thought i was getting better with my depression and self harm but everyday seems to be slowly getting worse and worse and i do not know how much longer i can deal with it. my only friend will not talk to me and i have no one else to go to about my problems. my mom has been doing some semi abusive things for a while now and as much as it is not abuse it still makes me feel bad and only makes it worse. she always points out my insecurities and makes jokes about my trauma. she never listens to anything i say and she gets mad over everything, where i feel scared to even leave my room. she will not let me see my therapist anymore, she threw away my adhd, anxiety and depression medication and refuses to get more. she pretty much neglects how i am feeling physically and mentally 24 7 and there is nothing i can do about it because she is the adult in my life. i feel unsafe in my home and i just want to go somewhere else. i want to be admitted to a mental hospital and get help but every time i bring the subject up my mom tells me i am fine, she is not spending her money on that, and to just stop being so attention seeking. the only way i could live without her was if i went to live with my dad, but he already struggles with money ever since my parents divorced and my mom kicked him out. i doubt he would be able to provide for himself and a kid kids. but i feel so hopeless and stressed out, all i want is to feel free and i have been contemplating suicide non stop. i do not want to die, i just want to be happy but i just cannot. vent.
i am tired, i feel like shit 24 7. the older i get the worse things become. i am the youngest of 3. i am in my late 20s now and everyday is just as shitty as the next. people want nothing to do with me, i am ugly, every interaction i have has so much negativity towards it its ridiculous. i can just sense the awkwardness and how much someone wants nothing to do with me. people do not want to talk to me or look at me. it gets hard. it gets harder when you see how people treat others so differently. i mean your own parents do not like talking about you and in all honestly they wish you would just get the fuck away. like i do not exist. i know everyone secretly hates me and it in all honestly it all comes down to appearance. if i did not get trapped with the worst fkn genetics life would be sodifferent. i would kill to be either one of my brothers. life is just natural for them, they have friends and no constant reminder of how unwanted they are by society and any one for that matter. like everyone has a general understanding of their own self awareness and where they stand among others. like my own self is such ass. i am not lovable. i also have an underlying body infection that i believe has messed with my mental and physical health severely. however i think about to high school and college days and i have always been a loser loner since i can remember and its all because of the negative feedback i feel from others like it sucks. its to the point now that if i kill myself now no one will bat an eye. i just cannot go on anymore
go on mock me and make fun of me that is all i ever get from you people i deserve it. .i am mentally ill and weird most people have a problem with me or do not notice my existence. i get looks of disgust by random girl and i come of as creepy. i walked by a girl ones and she was looking at me like if i am about to molest her. or i am walking behind some girls and they think i am following them even though i am just fucking walking minding my own business. i have had a kid pull up to me in a car and point a finger at me and laugh at me. i am a fucking loser with no social life and talents. i am a complete worthless animals and i do not consider myself a human. i still cannot get over a girl that like me a year ago and i have dream about her its the third night in a row. all her friends think i am a creep when they see her. a cannot cannot tell time on non digital clocks or tie my shoes. i do not wash my face or teeth because i am disgusting and lazy. i am to stupid to do most things. and nothing in my life ever goes right and if it does it dosen last very long. when i have actually made friends i was to big of a anti social pussy that i will not hang out with them. i do not belong in society or in the world in general i am subhuman that shouldent exist i am only here for validation because i have nothing else to do. i sleep all day ad jerk of to 2d women and talk to myself and listen to music made 200 years ago and i am fucking offing myself because you hate me. and yes this post is pathetic most people hate me and vice vera
my life used to be ok. friends, university, life was good. it about ended there after i was diagnosed with mental illness, dropped out and proceeded to waste 7 years until now.i never felt the same, people never used to look at me the same.i recently had a child with a woman who i honestly do not have the emotional energy for.mom died who was like my best friend.i have been contemplating suicide for the past few years every single day. through all the years the only thing that kept me going was belief in my capabilities, but now i honestly do not feel like i want to live anymore. i have lost the drive that once resided in myself. i have given up on my fantasy of success. there is nothing that i want in this world anymore. i am pretty certain that nothing will ever make me happy again, no matter how big or small. i think i have been completely hollowed out.perhaps a last ditch effort can be made by running away, living on the street and turning back to substances. perhaps it shall invigorate something inside of me again, but i honestly cannot see the point of trying. i do not see the point of having to live anymore.even though i picture killing myself all day, i cannot put those around me though that. i have just been living with this hole inside of me, getting emptier as each year passes.i feel terrible every single day that i have to subject those around me to my sadness. it is hard because i know they try and are there for me trying to pull me out, i just cannot see any possibility of it happening anymore.i am sorry empty
i feel burnt out. i like being by myself but i still feel envious of people with good connections to other people. i have no energy but caffeine gives me anxiety. i actually try to actively change things in my life by being more active, and i want you to know that exercise and being more social does help. it is just a little difficult to undo 8 years of depression. it feels like it is a part of my personality now if i am honest, and i do not think i would recognise myself without it.it is overwhelming thinking about how much i need to work in the future. i feel empty all the time. i just want to stop thinking. i tried counselling. it got annoying after some time as i was hoping for more insight to help me, but most of the time she just asks what i want to do. it is always the same follow up question. it gets repetitive and does not feel like i am getting much value from it all the time. maybe i just had the wrong expectations? has anyone found counselling helpful?i have had medications too. it stops me from feeling intense sadness which helped, but i did not feel happy, just a void numbness. i am just tired, to be honest. what helps me keep going is just taking this life as an experience and not too serious. it is easier said then done though as i still cannot help but consider how other people think. i come from an asian family, and i do not want to bring shame to them, but living in a western country, i cannot help but dream of the freedoms my peers have. the only thing that keeps me going is that i am going to die anyway
when i was around four, my brothers kicked me off a bunk bed. i do not remember if it was intentional or accidental, but it does not matter now. i fell from around 7 10 feet up and landed flat on my stomach. had to get stitches in my chin. my whole life, i have been told i have adhd, autism, etc. but just recently it occurred to me. the incident aforementioned is most likely the root of all my behavioral problems.all of my memory loss issues, uncontrollable emotions, and all of my problems with society in general. i probably have half the brain processing power of the average person. you can imagine how that affected my academic performance.i will never be able to follow my dreams. its like i am stuck in a she will of my true self. the passion is there, but the motivation and critical thinking skills just are not. i have been suicidal my whole life for not fitting in, there has always been a screw loose that just puts people off. as a result, i have no friends. i think back on my life and i wonder what it could have been. what it would have been had i not had the tragic incident destroying any hope for my future. my future looks grim.i do not even want to die, in fact, i am quite terrified of dying. i just want a solution to what feels like eternal suffering. i just want the pain of my existence to end. i do not want to live a life if it means i have to spend one more minute in my broken mind. i know there is no cure for tbi. what can i do at this point to cope with my situation? early childhood tbi has ruined my life. 20m
i checked myself into a hospital as i was having suicidal thoughts. i wanted help. i thought i would see a psychiatrist or mental health nurse and be able to go home soon. where i live, it turns out they are allowed to hold you involuntarily until they do not think you are a risk to yourself anymore.before i knew it, they took me to the unit that is completely locked up. this place was the absolute worst. its so confined, people are screaming some screaming about how they want to leave , the food was garbage, there were no group activities to learn how to cope and get better. it felt like i just checked into a prison. the outside area is all locked up and super small. it felt absolutely suffocating. i am pissed because i thought i would be helped on how i can cope with these thoughts, what to do, etc. instead, the nurses just medicate the hell of you when you tell them you are anxious because you are locked up and all you can do to pass the time is wander the halls . and you see the psychiatrist maybe once a day, sometimes every other day for literally under 15 minutes. what a goddamn joke. i will never, ever check myself into a hospital ever again. granted it made me grateful as hell to leave and actually enjoy the outside, but i really thought i was going to lose my sanity in there. mental health seems like such a fucking joke. i had to beg and plead with the nurses and doctors that i was fine and feeling so much better to eventually be let go. i just left a psychiatric ward and it was the worst experience of my life.
i do not have the rent, again, i am tired of not having the rent... i am tired of having to call my landlord and explain that i need a few more days when i have already used that more than once already. i am tired of trying to fight to survive in a house like this, my family does not even care about me at all and i just do not know what to do anymore. i sit here in my apartment and hear all the shouting of glee and people setting off fireworks, they are all having fun and they do not have to worry, but i am worried about everything, i am worried about being homeless, i am worried about losing my cat, i am worried that i will get covid and be hospitalized, i am worried that i am going to have a breakdown and get thrown into a mental hospital, i am worried, and i have been worried for well over two years and i am tired. today i got another message from my stalker, who claims it was not the same person and i am just lying to get pity and sympathy from other people, they call me out for having a dr g problem which is not even remotely f king true and i just... do not know what to do anymore, they claim to live near my house. i have nothing and no one and nobody will listen to me and i am screaming out hoping that anyone will hear me, but nobody does, and maybe my stalker is right, maybe i am just playing the victim yet again, and this is all my fault. you threaten suicide every week but you have not done it yet is what they said to me, and i feel sick reading it. i am exhausted with pretending this is going to get better
i am not happy but i am not sad, i am kind of just living. its been this way for probably the last 3 years but recently i have had a little bit too much time to think. my family is toxic and just full of negativity, i have always know my life was kind of shitty but i used to think it will be better when i distance myself from toxic people but with this more time to think about life do to the pandemic i have realized that may not be true.my mom and dad split before i was born.my mom is a selfish person who did not really care about me or my brother, so she shipped us off to our grandmas house, my dad, well hes a drug addicted who also live with my grandma his mom my grandma while she tries her best but she is simply not a good parent. she keeps clothes on our back and a roof over our head but when it comes to raising a child she not the great, long story short i have never had anyone to really raise me, teach me life skills, and discipline. so i feel like i was kind of fucked from the start.not to mention that my social skills are absolute dog shit. i am too awkward to get into a relationship, and i do not really have friends only a couple acquaintances that i send memes to sometimes. i also have no skills whatsoever that could carry me to a good life. i have no motivation or dreams, so i am basically just wasting space. i simply cannot imagine a future were i am happy, so i am going to quit wasting time and just end it now. i am planning on injecting myself with 500 units of insulin this friday. my last week on earth
my mom was my only other teammate in life. she died suddenly and unexpectedly. she was 57, and i am 28. no father. i am alone. i am stressed from life, loss, and handing her things without a will. one other person close to me spends time with me but not present in my mess with me. unable to be communicated with currently. its been almost 2 months and i somehow feel worse than i did the week of her death. i have a lot of regrets about our relationship. i know i am only human, but she deserved more in life than what she got and i should have given more. i hate knowing that after all of her life, she went back to the nothingness that we were in before we were born. i do not want to die because i think ill be reunited with her. i want to die because i will not be without her anymore.i am 4 days shy of not having shd for 1400 days. i am struggling tonight. alternatively, i want to drive away from the city and turn off my phone for a day. stop being a mourning daughter, an invisible girlfriend, a tired pet parent of ill animals, a lawyers client, and executor, etc. i truly believe ill take myself out one day. maybe ill give myself the same amount of time as she had. sometimes, i just do not see how i can make it that long, though. i do not know how i can love the same things i loved before she passed. what did i even love? i foolishly gave a lot of my heart to others. that is about it. i do not have the energy. i do not want advice or solutions. thank you for reading. my mom died. i am finding it difficult to keep living.
each day that passes by, i seem to find solace more and more in the thoughts of death. how relieving it must be to be relinquished of our suffering, loneliness, anxieties, worries, hardships, failures. ah, it must feel like an era of constipation succumbing to a small opening. i want to feel this energy coursing through my veins dissipate into everywhere and bloom like branches of lilacs. i want to feel the end of everything. i have had enough of this mystery of life. for some, it is a great joy to explore life but for me, i am an actor being excited about the joy in life. as a child, i remember feeling so different from everyone else and begging to know the answer to the reverberating question why me? . but back then, i was hopeful. scratch that. i was nave. to think that i will know why? that the future will get any better? i wish to revert back to him and keep dreaming about happiness. i want to rid of these thoughts. my future stinks of failures, it constantly shouts worries at me, it exudes some disgusting repellant, it cripples my mind with the thoughts of never ending loneliness. death has fooled me for so long. why is death hidden away in the pockets of the dead? why is death so stigmatic? why do we fear death so much that our fear sometimes leads to it? each day that passes by, the more i realize that death is our hero and savior in our transient lives. death is our true god that hides. death is nothingness and nothingness sounds more sweet than everything. death is sounding more sweet as each day passes by
prior to this extremely sick and twisted prank being pulled on me i was already struggling. i am not sure if i would go as far as to say depression, since depression is a very serious clinical term. i am writing this shortly after having everything revealed to me. a month ago my friend introduced me to his fiance's friend and set us up on a date. we started talking prior to the date and semmed to really hit it off. the date itself went great as well. fast forward a month now and the girl is upset with me over something i said. it was a poor choice of words for sure, but it did not warrent a reaction as big as she gave, and this confused me. i got her flowers to try and make it up to her, but she said she still needed space. i obviously went along with her wishes, and that night she started to post pictures with another guy obviously one that was close with her . i was hurt, but thought maybe it was just a misunderstanding and decided to ask her before jumping to a conclusion. turns out this whole relationship, one which had us talking daily, going on dates during all of our free time, intimacy, and sharing of extremely intimate details, was a prank for her and my friend's fiance to pull on him. so yeah, before this i was not exactly an outgoing person. i was not a social outcast either, but now i have got to explain to the friends i introduced her to that i was being played and all for some game. her response to all this was unforgiving of course, just confusion on why i would be hurt. i am at the lowest point ever
i have run out of weed, the only thing that kept me going. i hade a horrible day yesterday. had a woman from home start visit, my brother called during the visit. after the visit, i called him back. he asked when i was coming to visit, i a started explaining how my current mental health is making it difficult to leave the house, let alone get into a car. or a bus! his immediate response 'are you still letting that old shit affect you? you just got to shake that shiy off, or you are allowing it to ruined your life.' i had to hang up. i have been subjected to child neglect, child abuse, domestic abuse, and it is taken me until my 40s to realise it was not all my fault. yesterday felt like the last straw. i have battled nhs for 2 years to get some meaningful help, and i am still in the 'fighting' period. i am not getting any help that makes a difference. i had some horrible dreams last night, woke up in a horrid mood, sat with my knife on my wrists this morning, but i did not want my daughter finding me. she is just been picked up by her dad, over 2 hours late, and now i am chucking alcahol to build up the nerve to slice my wrists. i have got an ice element i am putting my wrist on to de sensitise it, and i have managed to cut a bit. just got to get a bit deeper. i hate this pain, but i just do not want to exist any more. just a tiny bit of pain, and then no more pain. there was a guy that was maybe coming to visit, but he just said he is coming next weekend. i will not be here then. i have cut deeper than ever before
this is not a cry for help, this is not a sympathy post, this is just how i am feeling.i am 22, have a 2 year old, own a house.. but i want to die. i recently lost my job and have been on the search for something new but it feels i have failed. i have been battling depression for 10 years now and still not only contemplate but more often than id like to admit think about suicide. what is keeping me from doing it? my kid that is it, the selfishness it would be to leave her w out a father. i have got no parental support system, my relationship with my bm fianc has been on the rocks and losing my job has sort of pushed me to think about it more and more. anti depressants are not working like they used to, i am tired of being medicated at such a young age. i often think maybe my fianc and kid would be better off with out me. there is something about depression that i have only realized the past 5 years and that is that it literally takes over everything in you. your sex drive, your motivation to get up everyday, your motivation to play with your kids. my thoughts tend to go to the gutter and think wow what if my kid gets this depression just like i have got? do i have something to do w that considering as how it runs in my side of the family? how do you continue going on everyday w out the urge to just leave this earth? i have got a whole human that depends on me.. why do my thoughts always go back to killing myself? especially when i know its a selfish act its hard to keep going but i know i need to i just want to die
today's a bad day. and i mean that kind of bad that i thought i would never experience again. it is so fucking hilarious tbh. it is like life saying 'you thought bitch' straight to my face. anyways it got me thinking. ever since i can remember like 3 5yrs old i felt like i was not supposed to be here, like i am not a human. i do not really feel things and i mean it. whether we talk positive or negative feelings i do not think i have ever truly felt them. i feel nothing. i learned how to act by watching others but never really understood why people would feel e.g. sad, happy or excited. so my life turned into a larp a long time ago. i have realized that me being happy and wanting to live is just a phase. and those phases always come to an end. and then i realize nothings going to change. and i get kind of scared. because i know no matter what tomorrow, in a month, in 10 years i will always feel empty and disconnected and it will always haunt me. i am like a broke good that needs to be shipped back to the factory.so, i am 26 now, unemployed, a neet, have no insurance that is a new one, to spice things up , have no friends, been faking that everything's alright to my family for 5 years, am broke as fuck about 1500 in debt , am unhealthy and have an existential crisis when i go to sleep and when i wake up.so, like why should not i? because i really cannot think of a good reason rn. btw the only reason not to i used to have was the fear of traumatizing my siblings, but that fear is fading more and more ok hear me out..
my ex of a few months, more than a few months but we got back together started fucking around 6 months after our initial breakup but since they have found someone else and that has stopped all together. i am being ignored, in fact. anyway, long story short every person i have ever dated has gotten married to the person right after me, but this time, this ex, this one person i thought was my person even though they were terrible to me 75 of the time, its different. i have self harmed over them in the past but i know, as of right now, if they end up marrying this new person they are seeing i will off myself. i will not be able to take it. not this time. maybe they have not changed and this is only short term for them, but maybe it will turn out differently than our relationship did. i have spoke to my therapist about it and she had nothing to say except its an understandable fear. i want them to be happy. i want them to change for the better and not be alone, but this is still hard. i am alone. i still love them with everything i have. i feel i always will. i do not want to kill myself to make him feel sorry or any other reason other than i will consider myself completely unloveable. unworthy of someone wanting to spend their life with me, as this has already happened to me 3 times i can count. this time though is the first time i was dead set on the person. i saw a future. i realistic one. one i wanted to live in. this all terrifies me. i feel like i am preparing for the inevitable. fear of ex marrying new partner
i have had depression since i was a kid i am 25 now . the only thing that got me through when i was a kid and teen being abused was thinking about my future career as a professor. now i am a phd student who was kicked out of her home by her family they did not approve of me getting a phd instead of doing something productive , and has ptsd from my abuse. i actually let myself think i was okay for a few months, that maybe i could make it through, but today i received a scathing email from my boss. apparently my job performance is terrible and as i am a first year ta at a university this was verified by a negative email to my department head from a student . the only thing i live for at this point is teaching, it was the only thing i was ever good at and i am not even good at it. even better, my boss made it clear that if i do not improve my performance ...which they will not be training me on as they did not this year either they will rescind my scholarship and i will have to drop out. i feel like this is the sign that i have been waiting on for years, that its time for me to go. that i really am defective and there is no place for me in a world that claims to care about mental illness and then acts surprised when a person with acute illness displays symptoms. i am so tired. i feel trapped in my body, my life, my mind. i feel like giles corey, every small thing is another stone on my chest. how do you live when you are the person that other people say deserves to die? today i received my sign that it is time to go
i always think how easy it would be, i have guns. i also have a little sister and cannot imagine what she would think or go through if i did it.i am always paranoid, i literally trust no one. not even my fiance. i have read every self help article and book and they all say the same thing.. worrying is pointless and if something does happen you cannot control or stop it. but i fear cheating so unbelievably much and i know it would be no different with another girl. it is my head, and i struggle every day to live with it. if she is not cheating then i would feel horrible if i tried, but even then i always think she is. i see the bad side of everyone and do not believe there are a lot of good willed people in the world. if i knew my anxiety and paranoia would never get better i would quit in an instant, but i want to hold on to the hope that i can come through the other side and start to trust people. all i am doing right now is ruining the few relationships i have because i make up scenarios in my head and they alone give me reason to not trust the people their about. i cannot give my all to my fiance because if i did and she backstabbed me i would feel so much worse. i feel trapped in my own head and i know i cannot live like this forever. i would do it somewhere else because if she is done nothing wrong then i do not want her to see me with a bullet in my head and think it was her fault. thinking of partner cheating basically all day every day and scared it will not ever get better, even with a different partner
i wish i could be the life is meaningless so i can do what i want type of person and not the life is meaningless so i want to die person, but i just do not want to live anymore, i am tired of being alive, it is so much work to just stay alive and i do not want to.i know, i am just under 17, you all are going to say you have so much to live for , but what? a lifetime of adult responsibilities? pressure not to be the failure i am going to end up? i was always the gifted kid when i was little, i never had to put any effort into school, so now i have such a shitty work ethic that fucking washing the dishes to too much effort for me to be bothered to put in. i have one real friend, but they are 3 years older than me, live 400 miles away, and i have never actually met them. i am repulsive, nobody wants to be friends with me, and i do not blame them. i am cynical, nihilistic, impatient, self absorbed, self destructive, narrow minded, absent minded, stubborn as fuck, argumentative, clingy, insecure, paranoid, lazy, short tempered, unintelligent, and indecisive. i am never going to have friends, and my aspirations for the future heavily rely on having a network of friends. so yeah, i am going to fail, i am going to be the burnout gifted kid.so what do i have to live for? nothing my life is just going to end up being disappointment, loneliness, and misery. i just wish i had the guts to actually off myself and not just sit here and bitch about my problems to internet strangers who could not care less. i am tired of living
i think i am going to kill myself tonighti've been living with mental issues since about middle school. mainly, being depressed and having a lot of issues with who i am how i look. the only time that i started accepting myself was when i was in a relationship and had someone there to remind me that at least they thought i was attractive, and that was all that mattered. however, my insecurities eventually got the best of me and i became toxic and jealous, which led to the end of the relationship several months ago.i deserved that, and she deserved better. i know that i hurt her a lot, and i have trouble living with that. it also reduces my self image further, to where i have trouble living with myself in general. i think i was incredibly lucky to have been in a relationship with someone like that, and i do not think it will happen again. i do not want it to happen again, because i know it would end the same way. i have been in therapy and help groups since the break up trying to deal with myself and be a better person, but i have not noticed any improvement.i think at this point i am just a burden and holding the people around me back. i am always bringing up my issues and wanting to deal with them, but it is just at a point now where no one wants to see me anymore because of that. i am also scared of them seeing that toxic part of me that i am having trouble changing and leaving me.i feel bad that people will be hurt by this, but i hope that they will be able to move on quickly. someone always loses in a fight
i really should sleep i have work in a few hours but half of me just feels like quitting. i do not want to say i am feeling suicidal but if i could just not wake up again i would. i do not feel rational at all and i recognize that but it does not help. i am overly concerned with everyone is opinion of me and it sounds insane because actual strangers not seeming happy enough at work or not getting a response on something i post just overwhelms me. i feel like a child again. i did not get the place i wanted to move into and it feels so personal. i know its not really? but it does not help, i have this underlying feeling my roommates hate me and my room will be the worst and ill get there and hate it all. its not even two months now i am moving 6 hours away and i do not even want to.nothing really makes me happy anymore i just want the pain to stop. this is what happened last time i just could not deal with it. i do not know what is wrong with me but i am not even sure i care to treat it. i think i just want to sleep and never wake to deal with it all. genuinely i think what is stopping me is the fear failure like god if i failed and had to face everyone after that i could not deal with it.i am wide awake and i wish i was not. i do not want to get graphic but i did a number on my leg and i cannot even feel it anymore i cannot feel anything and i know its just in my head i mean i do not know i am too tired to do anything but i cannot calm down enough to sleep. i really do wish i could see it through. feeling lost
a circle is 360 degrees. its the full completion of life. in religion, jewish tradition holds that the number 36 has had special significance since the beginning of time according to the midrash, the light created by god on the first day of creation shone for exactly 36 hours. i even read, growing up, that we do not finish puberty until the age 36. sounds crazy but i believe it has some truth.i am 35 and i do believe that i have lived a long life. my circle is completing. gods light only lasted 36 hours and i am in my 35th.i was born into poverty teenage parents who hated each other. consequently they both hate me. from the start i knew that my life would be doom!i started attempting suicide to piss off my mother, swallowing pennies at around age 2 3. i really wanted out!i ran away from home and moved out once. i was being neglected, was not being fed and was not clothed. i promised that if running away did not work at age 9, i would definitely kill myself. i had a ton of fun but ultimately it did not work and caused me more harm that pleasure.i have attempted a few times recently, to no avail, but they were all learning experiences. i think that i may have only one natural year left on this earth. i am not sure how ill go, but i feel confident in my numbers and rational.i was actually born on 8 27 which translates to automatic 8 suicide club 27. i was also born at 11 34pm which if turned 180 degrees spells hell. my life has been hell and i am coming to that conclusion right on time. at least i made it to 36
hi! it is currently 1 am when i begin writing this i am a 15 years old french dude who has been learning french for three years and still sucks at it so apologies to all the potential readers out there.you are probably thinking 15 ? he is just a kid who lost a fortnite game he cannot be serious! , if you are thinking that way, forget my age, although i am quite darn young i feel more mature than most of my friends probably sounding like an awful white kid who think that he is mature cuz he listen xxtentacion and rlly understand the lyrics you know , and maybe that what i am after all ! but.... i can explain my advance in maturity since age 2 i have been speedrunning life, i have been diagnosed with mucoviscidosis and a bunch of genes disorders and no it is not cuz my parents are siblings all these awesome disease shortened my life to around 30 miserable years at least i know that i will not have to become an old man fuck no i cannot write that shit , sorry to have wasted your time and ruined your brain with my shitty syntax i have so many things to say but just... no as much time as i would want overly dramatic and climatic bye....notes to alexia small not so goth gf and my mother who will come across this eventually je suis sincrement dsol je vous aime putain vivez vos vies a fond maman je sais que de toute faon j'ai toujours t un dtail alexia j'ai toujours su que tu prfrais adam ou meme elie shit i forgot to explain properly my maturity guess that is a job for my reincarnation as i said goodbye hi and bye
what am i supposed to be fearing regards to death? the religion i was raised in says it will be a deep sleep. science tell me it will not be anything. but for some reason i still cannot do it. let me not say for some reason the truth is i know why. i am a pussy. honestly, i cannot take my life in to my own hands because i am a pussy. i do not want to try to live my life out of this religion because i am a pussy. i cannot tell anybody how i feel about the religion because i am a pussy. instead of just shutting up and moving on i am here because i am a pussy. i know i am weak yet i still cannot penetrate my skin with my knife. why? because i am weak, i cannot do it because i am weak. all i have to do is endure pain for a couple of minutes and i will not feel anything anymore, yet i still cannot do it. i lost my god, i lost the one person that always had my back. i lost jehovah. i have been with out him for 6 months, trying to pretend i am not sad. telling my self that i am ok. i know i am not but whining about it on a forum is not going to help, yet here i am. i do not even have fucking friends, all i have is people on a server. they do not even care for me, they care for a username. i wish there was just a button to press to die. i with there was a bus or train to stand in front of. i wish i had a gun to go out in a painless way. but no, i do not have any of that stuff. i have a box cutter and a pocket knife. i keep pressing it against my skin but i am not man enough to break. i am a pussy. i am not strong
so the other day i kind of had a breakdown when no one was home, a severe one that i was not sure i would survive. this has not happened to me in years. but now today, my situation got even worse, and everything seems so hopeless that i cannot feel anymore. i need to cry but i cannot, i want to be happy but i cannot. i even tried to masturbate the past couple of days but it is like my brain is devoid of all and any serotonin.so now, i am kind of stuck in a drifting state where i am just completely tuning out my emotions until it is safe to feel them again. honestly not sure if i am a sociopath because surely this is not normal. usually i would try to feel sad anyway or make myself feel really down like i deserve it, but that does not really help anything so i just choose nothing today. i do not want to fight feeling nothing today as much as i would rather have emotions but after my breakdown and what i almost did, i do not feel like it is safe.anyways, i thought i was getting to a point where i was finally emotionally healthy but everything came crashing down within a couple of days. i just feel concerned for myself for the future because this numb thing only happens when i am at the very lowest of my depression and cannot take it anymore. i would not wish it on anyone. i feel like i am missing out on life because i cannot feel right now. i cannot do anything right now. hoping maybe someone with the same problem can help when this wears off and i get to the scary part again. thanks. choosing nothing today
i have no friends, i have no life, i have never kissed a girl and i am turning 22 this year. dropped out of high school because education in china is dog sh t, yes i am from china basically a psychological conditioning education designed to break you so you do not go against the chinese government when you are old enough to understand what is going on. internet censorship is increasingly restricted, could not afford to study abroad. i was given many opportunities to make a difference in my life but i threw them away like garbage, taking things from granted. i was young and stupid, chose comfort whenever possible. now i am at the lowest point in my life, i am tired of fighting, tired of not having the rights a human shall deserve, worse yet i am cannot leave the country because china is denying passport for ordinary citizens, the government keeps telling lies in faulty logic. ironically my english is way better than my native language, chinese language is really stupid in terms of thinking. i am really tired of admiring a freer life that i could never have. i am think i am going to say peace to this f cked up life of mine. good thing there is a pandemic going on making suicide less inconvenient. i have respiratory problems, substance abuse, long story. if i am contracted covid i am think this is it for me. was thinking about seeking international protection, i was persecuted for being a more open minded person, but from what i have seen unhcr in asia is a joke. i really do not know what to do. i am tired.
so i am a mess, a shitstorm of you will. i am in my early mid 40s, single, no kids, trapped where i am, drinking problem, sporadically employed, deeply depressed and a glutton for taking on other people's shit. not a cuckold because that would take effort into actually starting having a relationship but not some bullshit alpha, just someone who does not see the fucking point of dragging anyone into my bullshit. get the picture? i have had about 14 beers are still going writing this, probably the only reason for my honesty.i am living back in my father's house explains the dryspell having failed as a trucker and most recently and twice over an amazon employee, my manager at amazon killed my transfer to the trucking dept without a word to me and while i was supposed to be covered by their blue vest rookie rules which are bullshit as are their sign on bonuses and the job that i left for jb hunt died on the vine too. there is a woman who i was involved with years ago that i still have strong feelings for, but i have no idea how to voice any of it. would probably be worse if she in any way felt the same.i have been having suicidal thoughts and impulses for longer than i would admit, thinking of more than a few ways of getting it done. pills, a nose, driving of a bridge, i have put too much thought into it.i am seeing myself as beyond any help at this point, i am mainly wiring any of this just to get it out.probably too much text for even reddit at this point, damn sure twitter or probably facebook. my damage
i do not understand why i am so ugly, i could have been born at least somewhat attractive.. have something somewhat decent about me! but no, i had to turn out the way i did.. every morning i wake up and have to live with the constant reminder that nobody and nothing will ever want me. that something in my genetics had to go so wrong that i ended up looking like this, i could not have been given 1 decent thing about me.. i just had to turn out the way i did, my eyes are far apart, my nose is fucking huge, my lips are not even, my cheeks are fat, my body is gross.. and my voice makes me sound like a 12 year old at 15 years old.i have tried so hard to be happy with myself, to convince myself that there is a small chance somebody of the opposite sex will find me average, or that if someone gets to know me i would be just as good as someone 20 league's ahead of. but every time i do, i just end up looking in the mirror and remind myself how bullshit that bullshit is. what makes it even worse is all the fucking bullshit i hear when i mention this to anybody. oh do not worry! your looks do not matter! it is your personality that matters! . you are not that bad! you are just getting in your own head! . you think too much! i think you just need some more self confidence. ... fuck you, i am tired of hearing all the same bullshit. every morning when i see my reflection, i notice something wrong about me, and all i want to do when i do is blow my fucking head off. there is nothing attractive about me whatsoever.. tw
i often think about how different my life would be if i happened to be born in a more attractive body. how can the way people treat you be based on something which entirely comes down to luck? i feel so alone in the world, i try and enjoy life but deep inside of me there is a sense of self loathing that consumes me daily. i fantasise about how it must feel to truly be beautiful, and to truly enjoy existing as yourself. in the end this just damages me more.i just want to be loved, truly loved. not just used when i am convenient and discarded when i no longer have purpose. i have convinced myself i am some hideous troll like woman l, disguising myself in a facade of beauty. when i do not wear makeup i feel like an ogre and when i do i feel like a circus clown. i hate feeling this way. in summer this feeling becomes so much harder to ignore. you suddenly become surrounded on social media with size 4 girls in bikinis, and you feel more inadequate than you already do. i have analysed every inch of my body in such close detail that i can pinpoint every flaw. i hate summer because these flaws become harder to disguise, i want to enjoy life in the same way a pretty girl can but i cannot. because this self loathing is destroying me. it stops me from wanting to exist, i want this shame to stop. i know in two weeks from now ill feel optimistic about life but soon after that the spiral of self loathing will return. it always does, like clockwork. its hard to be ugly in a society that places so much value on looks.
i have no friends, no family, no social interaction since the pandemic. for the past few months i have been dreaming of travelling to europe and see places i always wanted to see however it starts to look impossible this summer. i have worked hard to earn money for this trip. soon i have to work term and will not have time do anything. if i do not start working i will probably go into a lot financial trouble. if i do i will probably underperform due to severe depression due to isolation and cannot keep the job. i had suicidal thoughts my whole life and have a few failed attempts. i have been trying to keep my morale high and improving myself greatly past few years however the suicidal thoughts are back since the pandemic are i cannot stand living anymore. social isolation is literally hell and i really wanted to make that trip to make up for my wasted youth. i really need some advice. i do not want to start working i just want to live a little i think i earned it with all the hardwork i put into my future and my finances. if i start in this mental state i will most likely get fired because i really need a break from what i have been through all my life abuse from family and not being accepted by others all my life, just as i started to fix what is wrong with me and started making friends for the first time the quarantines started . if i do not financial trouble. either way i really do not have any hopes for the future anymore suicide is starting to sound rational again. almost 1.5 years of isolation.
hi. hope you are all having a good night. i am just tired. really tired. i have got mental health that is been degenerating for the best of a year. even with meds i cannot keep episodes down. i am paranoid my gf is talking to someone else even though there is no basis and i cannot get it out of my head. it is not fair to her so i will best be moving on to the next life, world whatever. even if its just a big sleep with no afterlife i would be okay with that. i am separate from her. she lives in prenont and i in houston. she is the most wonderful girl i have met. she is grown so much from the person she was and i am proud of her. me on the other hand, am just getting tired of lifes hardships. i lost two best friends because one of them was unhinged. i knew they were not my friend at that point when she went off on me for trivial reasons, but it still hurt coming from a best friend. i have nothing positive to offer her and i can tell she is getting tired of being patient for me. just a massive combination of things that all oule up that make this all feel like it is not worth it. i did not ask to be born into this life.there is nothing anyone can do to change my mind. i have a plan, i have access as a means. finishing my social work masters exam in a few days will be my last accomplishment. pass or fail, i am going to drive out somewhere, take my favorite snacks, smoke a final few bowls and let the carbon monoxide take me . painful or not, i just want to sleep. might end it after my licensure exam
i am tired man. i just do not feel like doing anything anymore. the only thing i actually look forward to is getting high. i am not interested in anything, and to be completely honest, the very process of learning new things has become a burden to me . the only thing that keeps me going is that by doing the bare minimum i am able to maintain a lifestyle where all i have to do is show up at work and do a good enough job and afterwards i can just get high and have a place to go home to. everything is a burden. learning how to socialize is a burden. socializing is in fact the heaviest burden in my life. everything i just said could be completely directed at simply learning how to socialize and that alone would be reason enough for me to be over and done with life.i am tired of trying to become the best version of myself. i am tired of having to greet people awkwardly over and over again just to get better at it. i am tired of trying to use body language or my own voice in a communicative manner. i am tired of fighting my brain and forcing it to at least pretend to be interested in another person. i am tired of having to fight all of the automatic negative thoughts whenever i have to interact with another human being.i am never going to what i want out of life because of all this so why even live. my motivation is all gone and i am just not capable of enjoying other people. i would rather just go to sleep forever than have to something. i do not want to do anything with my life so what is the point?
so i did not have a normal childhood, but i do not want to talk about it today. all i can say is i was not a happy child like i should have been. and i really think this made me who i am i cry easely, i am the most sensitive person i know. it is like a curse ti be honest. i hate myself so much for that. it is not smth i can control because if i could control it i fucking would, but no one ubderstands that. you cry for the most insignificant things!!!!! i have always been invalidated. even when i was a little stupid child i was invalidated for my feelings. they made me fucking believe that jokes about appearence are normal . they made me believe abuse is normal in a relationship my trauma comes from second hand abuse, long story short i have been born and raised surrounded by abuse, screams etc . anyway. sometimes my dad jokes about me being a mistake. today i was talking to my parents and i do not remember the conv quite well but he goes you were not even planned . and mom laughed. i know not every child is planned but... like, is it normal for someone to hear that occasionally? like, i am wrong for being upset? a short time ago he was like i did not even want you . am i crazy? after what he told me i started to cry and my mom told me i cry for stupid things and i should not care. i told you she even laughed.. is this funny? i do not fucking find it funny i find it so wrong. like it hurts me, how can i laugh at that? why is it normal ? why should i find it normal ? is it?.. i was not even a plan
reposting here because i got removed from r depression, because apparently i do not belong even among my own people. i did not fucking ask to be herebut now i am here, and people love me, and they will be devastated if i leave, and i cannot do that to them. when i am around other people, i feel ok anyway. so fine, ok, i will not kill myself. i will do it just for you, loved ones, even though living is misery every second of every day, i have no spark inside and i just want to sleep. but i will get out of bed, just for you, to make you happy.but..... society keeps society ing, does not it?i cannot just 'stick around' for your sake. i have to actively work . i have to work hard . and i have to work hard in the way that society wants me to . cannot just be a part time barista, oh no. that is embarrassing and also i will be homeless within a month. no, i have to study and internship and make something of myself. and even then, i better study the right thing . because we only appreciate certain kinds of hard work around here.but i do not fucking want to live let alone work to live. is this a joke? i hate myself. i hate society. i hate being here and i do not fucking want to be here!! i am only here because it will make people sad if i leave!! but here i am shoveling societies shit because i am not allowed to just exist!fuck off! i hate it!either let me kill myself, or let me simply exist!! i would not mind staying alive for my loved ones if i did not also have to fucking fight like a dog to survive.
i once had this psychology professor who was lecturing on depression and how it has biologically evolved from the beginning of our ancestry. she made a statement that still has not left me, which was some people are meant to die. as hard as it may be to come to terms with, not everyone is meant to live long, fulfilling lives. i am an example of this as long as i can remember i never belonged anywhere. i do not remember a time where i was not thinking about wanting to kill myself. i feel like my whole life has just been this never ending cycle of loneliness and disappointment..no matter what i have achieved. i try so hard to be the best person i can be for others and for myself, even though dying is always raging at the back of my mindi fuck everything up. i ruin things. i am not good enough because i just was not meant to be. i have tried to kill myself three times and even managed to fuck that up. it would be better for everyone else if i was no longer around. the verbal abuse i receive at home and at work is never ending, consistently reminding me of how much i do not belong. my friends love me, but the stakes are low for them, always at arms length and never going out of their way really to maintain communication in person, and never keeping plans. i am so tired. tired of existing on this planet that was never meant for me. my future only consists of misery and loneliness. the future that will not exist because i know when i try for the fourth time, i will not fuck it up. i was meant to die
so i did not have a normal childhood, but i do not want to talk about it today. all i can say is i was not a happy child like i should have been. and i really think this made me who i am i cry easely, i am the most sensitive person i know. it is like a curse ti be honest. i hate myself so much for that. it is not smth i can control because if i could control it i fucking would, but no one ubderstands that. you cry for the most insignificant things!!!!! i have always been invalidated. even when i was a little stupid child i was invalidated for my feelings. they made me fucking believe that jokes about appearence are normal. they made me believe abuse is normal in a relationship my trauma comes from second hand abuse, long story short i have been born and raised surrounded by abuse, screams etc . anyway. sometimes my dad jokes about me being a mistake. today i was talking to my parents and i do not remember the conv quite well but he goes you were not even planned . and mom laughed. i know not every child is planned but... like, is it normal for someone to hear that occasionally? like, i am wrong for being upset? a short time ago he was like i did not even want you . am i crazy? after what he told me i started to cry and my mom told me i cry for stupid things and i should not care. i told you she even laughed.. is this funny? i do not fucking find it funny i find it so wrong. like it hurts me, how can i laugh at that? why is it normal? why should i find it normal? is it?.. i was not even a plan
hey, never thought i would have somehow ended up here, but i really just need to let it all out to someone i guess. here is a summarymy dad got covid recently, and yes, shit has been going wrong, my mom tried her best to gave him medicine but he just will not listen, he always gave reason that what my mom gave is not medically approved, altho many people use the same medicine that my mom gave him.it is been days with fights, quarrel, you name it, it is there. my family economy is not also great since we need to buy vitamins in order to make him feel better altho he will not listen and act whatever he want i want to help my family, but i have tried invest in share but always make a loss, and it is nearly impossible to start a business since i feel bad to ask money to start a small business as i do not want to burden my family economy morei do not knows guys, i feel like suicide is da wae but sigh i just do not know....i literally plan out my suicide, it woud be me cutting myself under warm water while listening to rem end of the worldanyways that is it guys, feel free to comment anything or whatever it is, i am sorry for grammar mistakes since it is not my main language. stay safe out there guys lt 3ps i am an agnostic so i do not really believe religion and the people who says, god will provide a way . i know he will but it just seems the only way he provide is suicide, at least, for now.i am mentally not fine.sorry for the whining guys my dad got covid and shit has been going wrng ever since
disclaimer, i am not encouraging anyone to commit suicide but proposing a hypothetical scenario rather than the typical post here as a precaution so as not to incriminate anyone. if it reads as anything else i will gladly change the wording. let us say hypothetically someone is a pedophile, and though they have never actually hurt a real kid, they have done things that are borderline or actually illegal you can fill in the blanks . they tell themselves that they would never actually hurt someone but then again people who have hurt kids probably thought that once too. let us say to make it even more complicated they live with a child, who again they would never hurt but pedophiles should not live with children anyway, right? on top of that they are also in absolutely no position to move anywhere else. let us also say that they have a slew of other mental illnesses that make living a normal , fulfilling life very hard if not impossible on top of the pedophilia. furthermore, the urges keep getting stronger and harder to resist, and therapy and meds are doing nothing for it. for the sake of the children who might potentially be hurt down the line when the affliction gets worse, is not suicide actually a moral decision for this person? does not this person have the obligation to end their life before they destroy others'? is not it best for society? i am hoping that there are other alternatives and that this is not the only option, but it is the only one i see. someone please convince me otherwise
24 male i am the black sheep of my fam. everyone behaves and acts the same, even have their futures already planned. i am totally different and tbh i stopped worrying about my future some years ago whatever happens, happens . everytime i feel things are changing for good it always ends bad. literally, everytime. i studied a career i did not want to. mum and my fam was like oh you have to do this and when i suggested other career they said you will starve! . now i do not even care if i get the title. father left home like 10 y. ago and my mum only pays attention to my older brother and my younger sister. i have been the forgotten middle all my life. she feels joy when talking about them, and when somebody asks her about me she says oh, yeah, he is there and that is it. now that i can afford it i started having some therapy sessions, but i guess i have bad luck. my last online therapist prefered to watch a football game even though i make some free time from work i wanted to watch the game too but responsibilities are first . tbh i feel envy seen others enjoy their life and have what they want. i just do not know what i want and feel like a garbage. being a 24 y.o man without a future plan is like a scum for my fam and circle of people. i have been depressed almost all my life highschool, uni, now . already tried to finish everything some years ago but well i gave my life one more shot.now i think i should have done it. i really want to end this struggle pain. i really want to end this struggle
spent my last day of school crying. took too many paracetamols in the bathrooms and just felt sick and sleepy the whole day. everyone seems so happy to have these 6 weeks off but all i can think about is the expanse of time i am going to have to spend alone in my room just overthinking and caving in on myself. i miss them so, so much. they do not care. i cannot do this alone and this time nobody is coming to save me, nobody has my back, nobody is going to reach out and pull me back to my feet. i am completely and utterly alone. how am i supposed to survive 6 weeks alone in my bedroom? it is ironic really i avoided school all through year 7, 8 and 9 but now it is become my crutch. i know if i just held on i could beat this, but i am so tired of holding on. staring a whole 6 weeks down feels so hopeless and so draining. i cannot do it. maybe i am just better off dead. either way, i am spending this afternoon with my friends for one last time, then i will probably sit down and this evening and draft a note. maybe i will write some letters to the people i care about so they have something to read when i am gone if they do not hate me for what i have done. i am only 15, but genetics have me marked for an early death anyway so really i would only be speeding up the inevitable. i do not know, maybe my mind will have changed between now and writing that note, but either way it feels good to get it all out. i hope anybody reading this has a nice day. i have had it. i do not think i will survive this.
i was raped at age 7,then beat up by the friends of my rapist for being gay .mentally and physically abused by my bipolar mother until it got so bad she lost my guard to my father after she beat me and my sister so hard we went to the police.after getting to my father's house were 6 long years of tremendous phycological abuse,i was kicked out of my house a total of 3 times one of those spending a year living in my grandfather's house.backstabbed multiple times by multiple friends who just used me manipulated me and discarted me.4 relationships were i heard the word love followed by a sudden cold shoulder and a goodbye over the phone for no apparent reason.i live alone in a apartment with no one trying to get to college ,no mother,father, sister friends or anything,only a cat that i am afraid would die of hunger if i kill myself cus i spent 1 month with no cellphone and had no call or knock on the door,if i had driven my car into a wall and died maybe my cat would get a new owner and not die starving,so i did thatas soon as my car was about to hit a wall while i had no seatbelt at 90 km h another car passed by blocking the way, i almost hit the car but i managed to avoid a car crash and killing people who had nothing to do with me.i rather die than spent one more day living in this purgatory,i have night terrors from past traumas,some sort of ptsd sometimes i shake and fall on the floor.why am i still alive?what does it take for me to finally end this? no mother,father,sister,brother,friends.
i am tired of living life everyday i have no motivation to do anything and lost all pleasure doing things i use to love. my whole life is fucked up. i graduated from college with a biology degree lived a shitty life after college were i was not getting paid shit, was in a toxic relationship and had a major weed addiction, which actually made me happy. i finally turned my life around a commissioned in the army which is where my life got even worse. i ended up meeting a girl and moving here to fort hood with her son to live in my new house. she fucked my entire life up and caused me to commit a felony involving prostitution. this has lead to me getting separated from the army. i lost all my friends, i am broke and in massive debt. i feel like i have nothing to live for anymore. i see no more value in life anymore. i let everyone i know down and most importantly fucked up the one opportunity to escape and be successful. i wish to die. i have though about it so many different times and think now is the time to go through with it. i wanted to raise a family but what is the point in bringing someone into this corrupt world. i have seeked mental health help and medication but its all bullshit. they really do not care about you at the end of the day and i am back to where i started if not worse. i just see know point in living anymore. nothing makes me happy anymore and i feel trapped. please wish the best of luck for me and do not be as weak minded as me and make the same decision as me. fuck life
i just do not see a point anymore. i am tired i am done. i know people have it worse off than i do so i feel fucking selfish even saying any of this. my mental health has only gotten worse over time and i have managed to trick myself it got better for a bit. well it did get better initially. until i realized completely i had got taken advantage of. i grew up in an emotionally absent abusive home. my mother still guilt trips me even though i have moved out. she is the reason why i have developed what i am pretty sure is an eating disorder, if not that its at least disordered eating. i am not offically diagnosed. i am not insured either right now so i cannot even get help for anything, i am too fucking broke. but i stopped being receptive to therapy anyways the last few times i went so i do not even know if there is a point. i do not hate my job completely, i mostly hate the patients i interact with. i am just overworked more than anything. i have thought about stealing and overdosing on meds from my job but, 1. if i live then that will end me in jail time 2. my manager has treated me so much better here than my last job there is separate management that makes schedules . so i am not going to do that. i have annoyed all my friends because i cannot get over it but its like if i try to heal then. what is the first fucking step to healing. i am just exhausted. i just want want it to fucking stop. the only thing keeping me here is i have not found a way that will mostly gurantee i will be dead.
hi. i am pretty young under 18, if that counts , and dealing with bpd that keeps getting worse and worse. every night it gets worse. more suicidal ideations, more intrusive thoughts. its awful. its absolutely agonizingthe icing on the cake is, ill never be able to have a stable relationship. been there, done that, i always end up hurting them or splitting. i do not know what to do. like i said, they keep getting worse. i have had 3 breakdowns today i cannot stop sobbing because i know its all going to end and i was put on this planet just to fight for my sanity and die. i hear voices. i am obviously not stable i cannot even act put together anymore no matter how hard i try. i feel bad for even posting this here because its not going to matter, plus i am showing weakness to abunch of strangers online. i am too exhausted though. i need somewhere to vent before i blow up.. i already kindof have if i am being honest haha. well. yeah essentially i feel like a bag of shit because ill never be correct or normal . i am flawed, i am majorly flawed and i cannot confide in people none of them understandthough i was still suffering from this a few years ago, holy shit i did not know it was possible to feel this much dread. and its never 'valid' enough because my mood swaps so much but i am not even happy when i am manic just ahehhshs its painful and i want to slit my throat whenever i am manic because i say dumb shit i never shut up and its beyond annouongebsbs okay thanks cya. an interesting title.
where do i begin. i am 19 year old but i feel like i have already lived for too long. i honestly never planned to make it past 16 yet many suicide attempts later earlier this year being my worst one i am still here. it feels like a sick twist of fate. like i am being kept on earth just for suffering. i am my moms only child and she depends on me for everything. due to this i constantly have to worry about being employed or else ill be the reason were homeless. i just completed my first year of college while working two jobs and it was the worst thing that is ever happened to me. i always thought once i ditched the shithole that was high school, id have a fresh start in college. as you can tell, not true for me. i had the worst breakdowns, falling out with a very close friend and i was sexually harassed by my professor my first semester after he found out i was vulnerable. i bombed my first two semesters of school and i am so scared to tell anyone that i am such a failure. i am a first generation student. i am supposed to be the one in my family that becomes something but i have achieved absolutely nothing. i have just been an imposter acting like i am worth anything. between the financial stress, mental illness and family issues, i just want everything to stop. i get so worked up because i hide everything all the time but i want to just let go of all the responsibilities. i do not want to be anything or do anything. i just want to die. maybe there is not a light at the end of the tunnel?
i knew not to open instagram and look at your new gf's vscoi knew it i knew it would destroy me and it didit was the last drop that made me overfill i cannot i cannot i cannot she now has my hair short, brown, and curly she fucking looks like my doppleganger for fucks sakethe way you look at her, with love with admiration with affection as if she is the sun in your sky. it should have been me. for all the time i spent on studying things you liked fucking history and shit, for all the other men and friends i abandoned to make more time for you, all the insults i did not take personally so that we could laugh them off, you emotionally abused me, you manipulated me, you told me i was imagining things that were real! i even forgave you for cheating on me with my friend!you took my pride, my dignity, my time, and my soul, you took it all until i was no more. that is murder. i am a dead woman walking at this point and the worst part is? it was for nothing it was for you to adore and love your new gf after i have gone through shit to be with youhow could you use me, to give you attention, to give you a shoulder to cry on, as a fucking therapist and then discard me like a disposable glovei hate you for what you did to me i hate what you turned me into and now you are not even here to deal w the consequences, you get to live your best life while i suffer i cannot do this anymore i really cannot my god i was so naive to think that you meant it when you said you loved me destroyed then abandoned
i do not know what to do. as most of you know staying at a psych ward is extremely expensive. i do not want to go to geisinger, as they do not give a shit about you and treated me like trash when i was in a ward last. but i am extremely suicidal, and i cannot handle it anymore. i have been suffering for years and no matter where i go or what i do i cannot function. my mom is telling me i need to go to the emergency room and i can tell them to take me somewhere besides geisinger. she is working and too busy to take me. on the other hand, my dad is worried about money and he is set on the fact that psyche wards are prison, as he has been at one....i just....i do not know what to do. are there any places that can be fully covered by insurance or anything at all that i can do? i do not feel safe being alone and i have no other options left. please, someone, just help me.i am struggling severely with depression, hallucinations, anxiety, social anxiety, and panic disorder...and i cannot work at all due to these issues and i am having trouble being self sufficient. its embarrassing and obviously you need money to live....i have a therapist and a psychologist but they really are not helping like...at all. meds for years have never worked. countless therapy and psychologist appointments. nothing. i live in pennsylvania and i have blue cross blue shield insurance. if anyone had any success getting fully covered or found a place that really helped them please feel free to comment. please help me
i have trouble expressing how i feel so this might be a little confusing but i am 17 and i am tired. tired of my own existence, tired of living, tired of feeling the way that i do, its like a feeling that i cannot describe but it just will not go away no matter what, everyday just seems to get worse. seriously like does it ever get better? about 2 years ago i was the type to look forward to the future, the one who dreamed of going to college and doing great things in life, now its the exact opposite. i do not see a future anymore, i barely graduated high school, i do not even want to do anything, i do not want to wake up tomorrow i do not want to continue living. i do not want to go to work i do not want to go to college anymore i do not want to be here anymore. the feeling i talk about gets me so irritated because it just will not go away and it bothers me more that i cannot seem to explain how it feels. i feel empty and just idk i do not even know why i am here in the world, i do not see my purpose here, i do not know who i am nor do i see myself making a change or leaving a mark on the world. why me, why did i have to come into the world, i feel like everything would just be so much better if i left. i would no longer carry this feeling around. i cannot even talk to my family about this because they have a tendency of invalidating my feelings and making me feel like i am crazy for feeling the way i do. i just wish this feeling went away. the feeling that will not seem to go away.
as the title says. my life is a mistake in itself. i am a mistake and my dad left us when i was a child then my mom uses me to get child support. when i turn 18 the already bad treatment i get from my mother got worse when we moved to the city. dad came back and got mom pregnant again and now i have a little sister, i am a ghost and they did not even look at me. to be honest, i used to be jealous of my little sister, haha hell they did not even bother asking where i went when i got home after days of being missing. what did i do? i studied hard then at the day of my graduation they just went ahead and died at a fucking accident. now i got a job, poured all my soul to my job in hopes of being promoted and have it easy. i did get promoted but that is it, i enjoyed it for a few weeks until it became repetitive and i feel like an npc doing everything it is programmed to do, no thoughts, no imaginations. i want to kill myself but no one will look after my little sister. i cannot even play video games at the afterlife and i migjt even go to hell. games saved me back then, i remember the time i play mario and thinking how good it will be if i got born into a world with magic. like books to other people games served as my safe place. once my little sis got herself a job please someone kill me so i do not sin. never told anyone this story. haha glad i found this sub. man. this is just like taking a thorn out of your chest i want to end it but i have a little sister and i am afraid of hell
i will try to make this short. i have terrible social anxiety and depression. i am addicted to xanax but have not used since february. my parents just today found out i will be obtaining more very soon. they do not like this because of the issues its caused when used improperly. we have had a rough few years because of this aspect of things. i abused it and caused a real shit show for everyone. my social anxiety is the reason i have no friends and no real relationships besides my close family. i am non functioning. i need the right dose of a benzo to be functional. in response to finding my plan out, my mother cancelled my government subsidized phone plan, changed the wifi password, and told me i need to be out in a week. my mental health is fucking terrible and i have already wanted to die for a while, but have never been willing to go all the way. now that life is going to be x100 harder than it already is i just cannot continue on. i am currently changing clothes at least a couple times a day due to anxiety sweating. what am i going to do homeless, just sit in my own puddle? life is miserable already. throw homelessness in and it is complete hell. i am done trying. at soon as i am on the streets, i am going to go buy a few fentanyl pills, then go into the woods and take a bunch of xanax and then the fentanyl. it will be like going to sleep. i truly believe i will finally be happy when i am dead. it will be like a weight lifted off my shoulders. going to be homeless, i am done
when i was 8 years old i told my mom i wanted to kill myself. a fucking 8 year old looked at her dead in the eyes while crying and saying, i do not understand what is wrong. i do not know why but i want to die. and she did nothing and continues to do nothing. it is 9 years later and i cannot take it anymore, i cannot get professional help and the one time i did it was me texting the suicide hotline then just changing my mind because i felt stupid and guilty for bothering that poor woman. i wasted all the years i had to be free and be a kid and not have to worry about money on being sad and in a abusive relationship where i was raped almost daily. and my mom knows i was in that abusive relationship because the school counselor forced me to tell her and all she did was cry about how terrible of a mom she is then move on like it never happened. i am going to be an adult in a couple of months and i am not ready, i will not be able to handle it i know i will not and i do not want to suffer anymore. but hey i am probably just being a dramatic teenager and i will get better with time right? i do not actually want to kill myself i just say i do and never go through with it, and when tomorrow comes even though i will still want to kill myself i will not be any less of a coward. a pathetic stupid coward who will not even try, and if i do i will fail like before. i just want it to be over with. i cannot take it much longer. i have been struggling since i was 8 and i cannot take it anymore
my mom told me to drop dead. and she wishes i was not born she said she wish to go live with javier her ex boyfriend who controlled her and is now selling drugs so she said that and i i said where we going to live she said i do not give a fuck you think i care. all this happened because she rushing to go to walmart because she thinks its going to rain and when we were waiting to cross the highway she is said why are you just standing there i said its a highway what do you expect then she hit me and started telling me to die and she wish she never had me also this stared because she is wearing my shoes and she is creasing them because she does not fit them because she has has small feet so i said do not wear my shoes no more because your creasing them and she got mad again and so then i went home and went to the bathroom opened up a pill bottle of loratadine 10mg each and put 20 in my hand i slowly raised my hand to my mouth but could not do it i started bawling my eyes out i am tired of this life i was born into poverty and feel trapped i am only 17 about to be 18 i am trying to hurry up and go to college but even that seems impossible because of my gpa, also on the way back home from walmart i had a breakdown because i was just think what if i actually did what she said and killed myself and wrote a letter that says i did it because of you are ya happy now mom huhhhh sorry this is so long i need to vent and i need some advice xoxo anne i am tired of life its because of my mom
i am a male in my late 20s. i use to be okay. not perfect but i reminisce about who i use to be. i use to be proud of myself, i use to think i was attractive, i use to be ambitious. i have been in a relationship for several years. at first it was fun, we connected in odd ways. the first year. over the years its destroyed me. i have not felt desired in years, were in a dead bedroom, i absolutely hate myself because the only way i can see her naked is her old content that was online that everyone else could see, i am made to feel inadequate even though i am the sole income and have a good career, i am told i do not help out enough even when i do, there is always backhanded comments meant to be a joke, over the years i have been worn down. my self esteem is so bad now that she said i smelled today i shower daily and do not work a labor job where i sweat , and i literally cried in the shower as nearly a 30 year old man over something that would have never bothered me before. my self esteem and self worth is so bad that i cannot even bring myself to leave this situation anymore. this has made me pathetic for literally no reason, i have not done anything wrong. the only thing that helps is an obsessive thought that ill always be too pathetic to act on to end my life. its the only comforting enough thought when i am laying down that let us me fall asleep. i do not have any plans nor am i actively suicidal but its the only thought that helps. thinking about suicide is my only release.
21m a couple weeks ago now was my latest attempt to end my own life. for years my mental health was stabilizing, getting better each and every year. then this year with the pandemic, relapsing depression, my girlfriend breaking up with, and a new stressful job has led me down a very dark rabbit hole that has gotten out of control. then i finally tried taking my life again. i was found by my parents hanging from a tree, unconscious and losing my last bit of oxygen. i was taken to the hospital literally just in time where i got tested and treated for my injuries, and then held for my own safety for a week. my life is back to normal now but...i want to try again.last time i did not have a note prepared now i do. i bought a new rope, and now i stare at the rope for tens of minutes before something else distracts me.i want to die so badly... and i do not know what i can do anymore.i do not have enough money or insurance for counseling or medications, so i do not know what direction i should go towards. also, none of my 'friends' are serious enough people to where i can to them about what i'mit feels like such a pressure on my chest that only death can get rid of.i am so sick of the typical it is selfish or people will miss you arguments since it is obvious at this point i do not give a fuck about that. i know it is bad to think that, but it is really bad right now.i feel so lost guys... i might just actually try to end my life again... i failed my attempt, but i want to try again.
21m a couple weeks ago now was my latest attempt to end my own life. for years my mental health was stabilizing, getting better each and every year. then this year with the pandemic, relapsing depression, my girlfriend breaking up with, and a new stressful job has led me down a very dark rabbit hole that has gotten out of control. then i finally tried taking my life again. i was found by my parents hanging from a tree, unconscious and losing my last bit of oxygen. i was taken to the hospital literally just in time where i got tested and treated for my injuries, and then held for my own safety for a week. my life is back to normal now but...i want to try again.last time i did not have a note prepared now i do. i bought a new rope, and now i stare at the rope for tens of minutes before something else distracts me.i want to die so badly... and i do not know what i can do anymore.i do not have enough money or insurance for counseling or medications, so i do not know what direction i should go towards. also, none of my 'friends' are serious enough people to where i can to them about what i'mit feels like such a pressure on my chest that only death can get rid of.i am so sick of the typical it is selfish or people will miss you arguments since it is obvious at this point i do not give a fuck about that. i know it is bad to think that, but it is really bad right now.i feel so lost guys... i might just actually try to end my life again... i failed my attempt, but i want to try again.
do not know what to call it, but a person i go talk to and they give me advice and help me understand myself and my feelings better.i do not want to go. i am the one who wanted help but it causes me so much pressure. i feel like my problems are not enough big and that there are a lot of people who need the help over me. i do not take the advice she gives me and going there i just wait for it to be over. it makes me feel sad when she makes me think about my emotions. i am too tired to go not because lack of sleeping, i have just had this weird issue of being too tired emotionally and not really able to do shit because of that, do not know why and it is starting to feel useless to go because i keep most of the things inside of me and overthink. it would be so much easier to just stay at home and act happy. no one understands anyways. i cannot find a way to tell her i do not want to go anymore and at this point i feel like help is useless. it will not help anyways and i am not going to have any dreams for the future because i do not want to stay. i just want to have my last night of sleep, last meal and last gaming session. and then end it all. that would be a thousand times easier and end the pain. i do not really mind dying because i have no dreams and i am just living my boring npc life. it does not even feel sad to leave everything, except friends and family. but i am sure that is not going to stop me if i really choose to end it all. i do not want to go to 'therapy' anymore
anything positive will do! i am very tempted to just give up. ironically the trigger was posting on reddit but i have nowhere else. i have all i need to die. i was planning on it but i managed to get myself out of it, but again i have ended up back here. probably my own fault, though was not helped by how negative most spaces online are. i want to die because there is no point. i have wanted to die for years, i have attempted plenty of times. i finally found a reason to live recently in that i am trans. that realisation gave me hope, but that is long faded. its years on waiting lists, its the stress of fighting my corner all the time. constant abuse online. no one in my life understands. i wake up and i see a man. an ugly pathetic man. it does not feel like me, and i have to go through the day colleagues, and strangers seeing me as a man. dead naming me. all because nobody understands. the constant hate in the media, on social media, even at my university! then i think is it even worth it? what if i do not pass, what if being a women is not enough? what is the gain from continuing to live? the only reason i am reaching out is i made the mistake of convincing myself i could cope. i wish id never done that, wish id given up long ago. i have written this in a rush at work, sorry if it makes no sense. i am used to people ignoring me.i know i am not worth the time. i have been told i am selfish and attention seeking. so that is probably all this is. need help! plan to die tonight.
people do not care about me because i am here. and i always will be. but our friends who have taken their lives are loved and remembered and celebrated and cherished. when i say i am going crazy or spiraling or my depression is worse than usual i am ignored. when i post a sexy pic or make a funny joke i am complimented. when i mention wanting to die, there is a short burst of attention to make sure its not serious, followed by crickets once i confirm that i am not imminently going to kill myself.if i died, id be remembered for how smart and funny i was. i actually really like myself most of the time, and i imagine that people would laugh about the silly stupid movies i loved to watch or how i always listened to taylor swift instead of new music and how i gave really good hugs. they would probably think it was my insecurities about my body, my ongoing mental health struggles and recent turbulence after graduating and not finding a job. but it was the friendship, or lack thereof. i miss my friends and i fear the only way they will care about me as much as i care about them is when i die. none of them would even read this if i posted it on facebook or instagram or even texted it to them i bet, but if i looked them in the eyes and said it, they would deny it. unfortunately i think i am not that bad and i do not totally want to die, so i might just have to find new friends which sounds so hard i might just kill myself anyway i want to be loved and celebrated like dead people are
i had my daughter 9 weeks early 8 weeks ago from preeclampsia. i found out this week that my boyfriend her father has been cheating on me the entire year we have been together. i found out by seeing a picture of his ex blowing him. they had been doing stuff for a month. she is now pregnant and does not know who the dad is, but it could be him, even though he has fertility issues and it took us months of trying with doctors help to conceive our daughter, and him and that ex had tried for 2 years and it never happened. he is the first and only person i ever wanted a child and to get married with. i met him when i was only a few weeks away from carrying out my first attempt which i ended up not doing , after ending a 10 year abusive relationship with an addict. i have bipolar disorder and was recently diagnosed with post partum depression. i do not have an exact plan or date when i am going to do it yet, but i plan to by november if things continue going this way. my life was finally getting better and suddenly, i am self harming and starving myself and nonstop thinking about suicide. my daughter is the only reason i have not yet, but it is early enough she would not notice i was gone and could have a better mother, who actually deserves to love her. i know how i am going to do it, i am starting to plan the letters i will leave for her and for my parents. it is just a matter of when. i just had to get this out. i do not know if i want someone to care or not. dead by november.
every person in my life that was supposed to love me and be there for me betrayed me and completely fucked me over. npd mother and grandmother. two year relationship with an npd woman that was 8 years older than me that completely broke my ability to trust. two faced friendsis it me? do i really deserve this? i am alone now. not one person to even so much as talk to. this is not a post looking for anything. just to vent.i am reaching my limit. the only thing i am capable of doing is laying in bed and drinking getting high. i cannot even watch tv or movies because nothing interests me. i have one show i watch and i am sick of it.scrolling reddit makes me feel like complete shit about myself. everybody is good at something and i cannot even try anymore because my families abuse has made me feel so worthless and shitty about myself i cannot even put it into words. i feel mentally paralyzed and crippled. i cannot even bare to face or talk to anybody i feel so worthless and ashamed of my existence. is this really what i deserve? the worst part is as badly as i want to die and hurt myself i cannot because i am a coward and pussy and the only method i can see not being scared of is impossible right now because i do not have access to opiates or benzos anymore so ill continue to sit here and suffer until i can finally get my hands on what i need. this fucking sucks and i pray for some kind of freak accident or terminal illness to have some fucking mercy on me. fuck. life is unfair
hopelessly traumatized braindead from strokes poly drug abuse seizures a lot of suicide attempts i have been this way since a kid and have decelerated in coordination identity impulse control and social interaction. all the friends ever made and the love of my life have been traumatized by me, lost my best friend this morning and the cat we shared and its really fucked me up. ignored me for the past month, i started to get the idea but i almost died last week nde intensified my depression and panic attacks to soul crushing extents, i had no one so i did what i have done to officially everyone now. i have really never heard seen her act this cold, in my life to even enemies. she was so amazing did i do this from my problems? its confused shocked and hurt me so bad, have not slept all week because i am just so alone and i have not left the bloody floor in my room all day or stopped crying bleeding not even for food now i just need the exhaustion to get me at least an hour of unconsciousnessit cannot happen tonight blocked so the only message i can send is torturing myself one more night so they dint get the news they all want just yet also tomorrow i will have access to enough fentanyl to end this shit show this will be my last post i believe its our right to choose if we have the will or desire ti suffer existance i am not sorry for ruuing everything i touch because i did not choose this life i need to die but now that i know how happy that would make too many people happy
i just cannot take this shit anymore no matter what the pain just does not stop i am in therapy, i am on antidepressants, i try and try for so long and everything just gets worse. i do not want to die but what option is there? there is not one i have tried everything else i do not care how i go anymore but it has to happen soon. i just feel so alone i am drowning. being told to keep going is being told to swim while wearing concrete shoes life is so ducking painful and there is only one way to stop it. i feel like i do nothing but push everyone away i deserve everything that is happened to me and i do not deserve to live anymore. why am i supposed to want to live what the fuck do i have to live for? i have been so fucking lonely especially since spring its just gotten 1000 times worse. lifes been nothing but breakdown after breakdown and being punished for trying to escape. why cannot i just fucking kill myself already have not i had enough i do not want this anymore i cannot take this anymore how can anyone deal with this what the fuck is wrong with me i feel like i cannot ask anyone for help anymore because i am nothing but an exhausting person to be around i just cannot the only minor escape is sleep and i torture myself by not taking my sleeping pills and staying up for days crying until it hurts. idk why i even decided to make this i am just desperate for someone to listen but i do not deserve someone to be there to listen to me i cannot stop myself for much longer
how does one exist in a reality where the thing that ultimately governs it and your existence within it is something you truly hold no motivation to acquire? money is nice, money buys me things i like, money feeds me, but if i have to do things i am not passionate about for money, id rather cease to exist. what is a life lived, if not lived every single second chasing the things that make your heart flutter. what is the worth of an existence that you are plunged into without your choosing yet are confined to its realities otherwise you die? many would say these are the ramblings of a child, who is experienced nothing at all. nobody to provide for. if i have no will to provide for myself, how could i possibly obtain the will to provide for someone else? i am all i want in life, i do not need to lean on another. what is maturity? why are their limits? i think of being confined within this reality and i detest it i refuse to be boxed in and conform. if my passions bring me wealth, then by chance ill live a full life. if they do not, ill continue them until i starve. i have no fear of death or the inevitable end that awaits someone of my mindset, i am more ecstatic ill be spending every second of my time chasing my dreams until my bell tolls or until i cannot chase them any longer and i pull the curtains early. how does one exist in a reality in which the thing that ultimately governs it is something you have no desire to acquire whatsoever. a question... a few actually...
so i was feeling insanely suicidal, more so than ever in my life. i am 20, no job, very few friends. i texted my friends online that i was taking a mental health break and id be gone. so that night i got very drunk for the first time, and i was a wreck all over twitter. just voice audios of drunk me talking about being sad. and then, i was finally ready to go. i went and found my dads gun, which he kept in the bottom of a filing cabinet in his spare closet. i took a picture of it and posted it basically saying goodbye. the problem was that the gun was brand new and barely touched. it had some sort of safety feature on it i think? , something coming from the barrel. i do not know anything about guns, so drunk me was pissed as hell that i could not figure it out, to the point i start sobbing. anyways. i fall asleep in the spare closet. dad comes home and finds me fiddling with his gun. anyways. i am recovering now. after all this, i worked up the courage to go back to my twitter and see all my pitiful tweets. what really hurts me is that nobody reached out. i have about 10 friends on there that i interact with. not a message. some friends were even tweeting like normal a few hours after i posted the picture of the gun and goodbye. am i being too dramatic? people did not even notice or care enough to reach out. that hurt me a lot to see. i expected to be profusely apologizing and feeling guilty for all of these friends, but it was practically nobody. feeling very unloved
so i was feeling insanely suicidal, more so than ever in my life. i am 20, no job, very few friends. i texted my friends online that i was taking a mental health break and id be gone. so that night i got very drunk for the first time, and i was a wreck all over twitter. just voice audios of drunk me talking about being sad. and then, i was finally ready to go. i went and found my dads gun, which he kept in the bottom of a filing cabinet in his spare closet. i took a picture of it and posted it basically saying goodbye. the problem was that the gun was brand new and barely touched. it had some sort of safety feature on it i think? , something coming from the barrel. i do not know anything about guns, so drunk me was pissed as hell that i could not figure it out, to the point i start sobbing. anyways. i fall asleep in the spare closet. dad comes home and finds me fiddling with his gun. anyways. i am recovering now. after all this, i worked up the courage to go back to my twitter and see all my pitiful tweets. what really hurts me is that nobody reached out. i have about 10 friends on there that i interact with. not a message. some friends were even tweeting like normal a few hours after i posted the picture of the gun and goodbye. am i being too dramatic? people did not even notice or care enough to reach out. that hurt me a lot to see. i expected to be profusely apologizing and feeling guilty for all of these friends, but it was practically nobody. feeling very unloved
my life is going nowhere. i lost half the money i had been saving up over the past year from my full time job in the stock market because i am stupid. i absolutely despise my work because all it is done is show me the lack of compassion in the caregiving world and how little i am valued as an employee. i have let it ruin me mentally because i am scared of quitting and trying to find a new one, lacking any self confidence that i would be able to do anything else. i have isolated myself and no longer have any friends or anyone i talk to outside of my family. i cannot form close relationships and everyday am depressed, anxious, and stressed out about my life, the world, and the current state of my mind. i have failed at nearly everything i tried, and now have to work a minimum wage job because i blew the opportunity to graduate college and find a good career. i put off living life and becoming an adult. i have no skills, hobbies, or interests. i am awkward and cannot express myself emotionally or intimately with another person, so i am a virgin who has not been in an adult relationship. i see no reason not to smoke, eat and drink myself to death. i am such a fuck up and have shattered my hopes and dreams and ability to have any sense of normal cy for my life. the best option is to get the gun, go out in the forest, and shoot myself in the head before falling off a cliff. everything about life is just so absurd and i hate it. seriously thinking about buying a gun online.
me and my boyfriend are about to break up. only one online friend and we barely talk. just graduated highschool with no real life friends or connections and no direction. disappointed my family by being too stupid to get into a university so i am going to community college and i still have not figured out how to register for classes. i always told myself once i turned 18 if i still wanted to kill myself id do it. i turned 18 and i am still miserable. i am tired of people, i am tired of myself, i am tired of always trying my best to get better only to backslide worse than i was before. i wish my eating disorder would kill me already so i do not have to do it myself. i have tried to tell both my boyfriend and my friend about how bad its getting, but neither of them really give a fuck. its getting harder and harder to resist the urges. i have been self harming to try and resist longer, but i am losing the will to stay. the only thing keeping me here is my family, but i fear when my breakup becomes official it might be the thing that pushes me over the edge. i have no one to talk to. at the same time i am starting to become bitter. i have been mistreated and bullied by others frequently throughout my life, and to have the only two people left in my life completely abandon me in my time of need fills me with despair. i keep trying to find reasons to go on but coming up empty handed. i do not know how much longer i can take this. i do not know how much longer i can hold on
my life is going nowhere. i lost half the money i had been saving up over the past year from my full time job in the stock market because i am stupid. i absolutely despise my work because all it is done is show me the lack of compassion in the caregiving world and how little i am valued as an employee. i have let it ruin me mentally because i am scared of quitting and trying to find a new one, lacking any self confidence that i would be able to do anything else. i have isolated myself and no longer have any friends or anyone i talk to outside of my family. i cannot form close relationships and everyday am depressed, anxious, and stressed out about my life, the world, and the current state of my mind. i have failed at nearly everything i tried, and now have to work a minimum wage job because i blew the opportunity to graduate college and find a good career. i put off living life and becoming an adult. i have no skills, hobbies, or interests. i am awkward and cannot express myself emotionally or intimately with another person, so i am a virgin who has not been in an adult relationship. i see no reason not to smoke, eat and drink myself to death. i am such a fuck up and have shattered my hopes and dreams and ability to have any sense of normalcy for my life. the best option is to get the gun, go out in the forest, and shoot myself in the head before falling off a cliff. everything about life is just so absurd and i hate it. seriously thinking about buying a gun online.
hello, new account new me, right? as such, i think id like to let you know that i am a 22 year old bachelors degree holding female. i am college educated in what i am struggling with but that has not helped. i have been dealing with delusions and hallucinations for years. lack of sleep, follows, of course, and while i am not medicated for these happenings i am well versed on how to.. handle them. at least i thought i was. it all started at work, right? last monday, a week from today. i was asked to speak with my supervisor right before she was to leave. she and her boss had written me up. fine, fine. that is fine. i was fine with it until i realized they were lying about it. i had the proof. proof somewhere, proof everywhere. everyone id told said it was ridiculous. i said it was fine.until i looked at the proof. that spiraled into getting a binder to hold the proof. a notebook to write down times, a box of paper clips to hold proof together, a box of sticky notes to annotate my work lists and proof. i called off yesterday. i stayed up all night the tv yelling at me, bugs crawling on me, my husbands itching disturbing me. it was rough, and it happened again last night, i did not get to sleep until 5ish am. but i got up dreading life at around 8am. the people at work are staring at me, my bosses plotting against me, my coworkers talking about me. i cannot handle this. i just want to sleep forever but i cannot even get to sleep in the first place. post title required
i have so many reasons to live for but damn it is so damn hard too keep going i wake up do the same damn thing every day wake up do my thing all day just excited till it is time to go back to sleep no one else to blame but me for not having anything to do but i do not want to do anything i can barely get the energy to even do things i used to love doing just turning on the tvs so much damn work i am 18 and feel useless as hell not having a job makes me feel so useless but like i said i barely have energy to turn the damn tv on i have literally done the same thing for the past 5 years eat wake up and sleep sleeps really the only thing i look forward too if i did not have a 2 year old little brother i would not be here rn only thing that keeps me going and honestly if i am still alive in 5 years it will be a miracle i just feel it be so much easier if i was dead like being asleep but damn ik how much it would hurt the people that care about me and my little brother....but i just do not know how much longer i can keep doing this it is just so exhausting waking up idk how i will be able to get a job if waking up is too much damn work and to top ir all off i am addicted to cutting myself hell yeah life is fucking great ik my life is not even close to being hard compared to other people's but damn i am just tired of life and doing the same thing every day but yet again in too damn lazy to do anything else so who else can i blame but myself.... i just need support idk...
i have not gone to school in weeks. went to the mental hospital and have not gone to school since then. my mom keeps telling me that my studies are important and that i am not realizing what i am missing out. she asks me how i am able to not feel guilty for missing out on my studies. she scolds me for not studying. but no one in my family actually realizes my mindset. i hate life and i give up on everything. i do not want anything. i do not want to get better i do not want to get worse but i do not want to stay like this either. i do not even know what i want. but i know that i do not want to do anything. i am ready to die, but i still have not started planning my next attempt. i am still scared over what happened the last time because i ended up in the mental hospital. the only thing that is keeping me from doing it i think is the fear that i might fail and end up in the hospital or that i will have to explain things to my parents. i am seriously done with everything i have no energy pls i want to go away.i think i have exams next week. i went to school for maybe 4 or 5 days after the online classes ended but nothing went into my mind. i still have last month's homework left and i have not learnt anything from going to school in the past 2 months. i do not see the point in anything and i do not know what to do anymore. there is nothing left for me.if anyone could give me some ideas to find some motivation to do it, i would be very grateful everything is tiring
i hate every thing about myself. i am told pretty regularly that i am an attractive woman, and it makes me want to break my nose or cut my face. nothing about the inside is attractive. i cannot even have a conversation with someone without my skin crawling. i am always so aware of everything, i just want it all to be silent. and i know it will be once i am dead. this is my nail in the coffin, which really illustrates why i can no longer be around. i was frustrated with my family celebrating me graduating from college before i am even done, because a. i have been working nonstop for years, have sleep deprivation induced horror hallucinations, wearing sleeves in the summer, just basically trying to stay out of the hospital, and b. i hate jinxing things because growing up, id be told that my dad had a job for sure when he did not and id end up crushed and fearful. i tried explaining that again to my mom last night, not looking for a fight or anything, just because she asked. well she has a brain condition that causes memory loss, and decided to scream in my face about how delusional i am. i wish this was the first time this type of thing happened, and i know its not her fault, but after saying every day you can kill yourself after your mom is gone this has just shown me it would really just be better if i did it now. not looking to be talked out of it, this is just as close to a note as i am going to get. pretty pathetic. it is time to lessen my burden on others.
i just really do not have anything else. no one listens to me when i say i cannot just be positive or when i tell them id rather die then transition most if not all of the time. there is not anything i can accomplish that i feel confident enough in to dedicate my life and time to work towards. so i do not see any reason to live most if not all of the time.i do not want to have to dilate my vagina weekly. id honestly prefer a menstrual cycle. at least then i would not have to die with the secret embarrassment that i have felt bad about not being able to start a biological family with a partner. its not even something i want. its something i silently beat myself up for not being able to give to someone else if it was something they dreamed of. another possible let down of being in a relationship with a fake woman like me.i do not want to have to pay tens of thousands of dollars to change my face and body just to feel vain and petty. because i know it will not make me happy. and everyone just seems to get mad with me for talking about it. like they can tell me, a trans woman, how to view the extent of modern medical gender transitioning. i cannot just get silicone tits and be miraculously happy for everyone else to see. i cannot just be told that all these things are what it means to transition from male to female over and over when to me its literally not. i am forever trapped in a way that just makes me feel stupid. i think i am losing the battle with myself.
i do not really know how else to title this other than, i really just am struggling to live. i want to die so badly, but not at home where my family can find me. but it is not because i care about their well being well except from my brother and my niece . i know what would happen if my mom found my corpse. i do not know why she did it, she was so happy . i was such a good mother. i am not happy. and you were not a good mom.i hate myself, i hate my life. i am so ready to finally kill myself, but i do not want to because a mess or anything for someone else to clean up. that is why i am not going to actually do anything.nothing brings me joy or pleasure. everyone uses me. i am never going to be really loved by anyone. the only time i was loved was by my abusive ex boyfriend, r. at least, it felt like love. then every other relationship has been just as bad. i get all stupid because someone tells me they love me and i am special.as it stands, i am trying so hard to live and try to make it to the next week. i am not hopeful, but i am still forcing myself to get up and exist. it feels like labor. thank god for studio ghibli. hayao miyazaki's work is the only thing keeping me going. that probably sounds stupid, but it is the one thing that helps me think that maybe if i hold on for tomorrow i could also be happy.i am not going to kill myself right away or even this year. but i wanted to get this off my chest. thanks in advance for reading. i am struggling to live.
everything says to call someone you trust. i have 1 friend who is busy at work, my mom does not help, and everytime my boyfriend tries to help we just end up arguing. seriously, i texted him saying how i was doing and that i was frustrated because i do not have a safety plan. he said its okay lay it on me, and i said no, because you always get frustrated not being able to help or you get sad. he said no its okay talk to me. so i did, and i told him why i feel like it does not make sense for me to keep living and how much i hate this world. he takes it personally and gets sad because i do not even want to be here with him . i told him this is exactly why i said i do not want to do this. hes upset now and says its all his fault because he said it was okay for me to vent to him. i just stopped responding because as much as it makes me feel like a see you next tuesday, i do not have the capacity to comfort him rn. i do not even have the capacity to bring myself down to just being okay to be a person, i certainly cannot talk him into a better place. so that leaves me with no one. and i really mean no one like, i have a single family member on this side of the country and the rest are in other coasts or in another country. i feel pathetic and like i must be a bad person to have no one to be able to lean on. more so i feel like the fact that i am not able to make an effective safety plan is more of a sign that i just should not be here. safety plan does not work
hello all,i am a 20yr old male, who is 1.82m 74kg of athletic build who is generally regarded as attractive. i have had girlfriends, lovers, and much more on the spectrum of intimate partnerships. reading this subreddit it seems many wish to end their lives due to something they view as missing. i cannot help but feel guilty for having so much of this yet still wishing to be erased. as a 20yr old i am graduating college summa cum laude a year early. i have coauthored a paper with one of my mentors which is going to be published soon, i was on full scholarship plus received grants for research so i have roughly 100k to my name. i have also been accepted to do a fully funded phd in my desired field of study. i am also fairly athletic, having been on a national team for a relatively unknown sport, and ran in college. due this i am also fairly well travelled having visited 16 different countries in my time competing. my only true ailment is that i mourn for society, as my chosen field of study is the environment. i sadly am bipolar, and despite finding a drug routine that has kept me feeling the best i have ever felt after 8 iterations of various regiments. despite having finally found stability in this last year, despite having so much that so many yearn for i want to take my own life. currently i am dog sitting for my professor for the next week. caring for her as my professor visits her family is the only thing keeping me alive. ideation despite privilege
i am currently working 10min walk from home, so i walk there everyday. the thing is, i am back at my grandma's in a small city in brazil and here there are soooo many stray dogs and cats on the streets, at least half of them in awful conditions, looking like they are about to die at any moment either too skinny or with a lot of ugly bruises .i have to see that everyday, therefore i cry everyday and want to end this everyday, 4 times a day the street i walk to have lunch has the worst dog of them all, he is barely breathing, supper skinny and there is nothing i can do . i lived here when i was a teen and it was so hard. when i moved out i was so relieved to leave all of this hurt behind, but now i am back, and details aside, i cannot really leave.does anyone have any suggestions for me to feel less like shit being that i cannot help them because i am goddamn poor and barely have time and money for my sick cat at home. i cannot quit my job. there is no way to get to work without bumping into those poor creatures and relieving my trauma. i will only be able to afford therapy by september.it is hard and i do not see any solution, i am actually skeptical about anyone helping me with some kind of idea solution, but i do not really see an alternative, i am hoping for the best. feel suicidal daily and cannot really change things in order to be ok right now. wonder if there is anything i can do to feel better even if i am in a shitty situation, can someone help?
i am having suicidal thoughts lately just because of my health issues.it all started in 2018 initially, i was all heathy and good but all of a sudden i developed frequent urination, along with that kicked in my health anxiety. it took my some months but finally i got over it! for a year it was all good, then i got acidity issue then later on i developed tinnitus which was the most devastating phase in my life. i lost my girl, whom i loved more than anything because of this, i cut out myself from social areas. for an year you can say entire 2020 went in recovering from that, finally when i was feeling better and started moving on, bamm, another issue popped up, i had allergies.then while dealing with that at some point i got severe upper respiratory infection because of which again meds!now after that, i took the vaccine, now i see i have pigmentation in my buccal mucosa, all the dentists are saying its normal but dermatologists stated its oral lichen planus! idk what to do, all these diseases which are non curable re coming to me! what is my fault, why m i having to suffer all these?now i am scared of cancer and this gives me heath anxiety most of the time! i really feel so hopeless, i feel like my body is not supporting me. i am scared, angry, frustrated and what not!this is why suicidal thoughts came into my mind! idk what to do.doctors are not helping much in accurate diagnosis, i feel like i am in a loop of experiencing bad events! i need help!
i 20nb get triggered so easily these days by people just living there lives. i feel so miserable in my own life and feel like i have not been able to grow or make lasting change in my life so seeing people my age or younger just doing it and living makes me so sad and insecure. i do not have a job, i did not go to college, i do not have my own place, my girlfriend left me for someone else, i am super mentally ill and its getting worse. i am constantly comparing myself to the people around me and wondering what is wrong with me why cannot i do the things they do why cannot people love me like they are loved even though i know comparison is the stealer of joy. i have been doing better mentally lately but i am still in this regressive fragile state and my brain feels like mush after everything i have been through the past few years. i just feel like shit about where i am in life and sometimes i feel like there is no hope that it will get better. i get so anxious about being an adult and having to step up and take care of myself i am paralyzed by fear. i feel so held back and it sucks to see other people outgrow you and live your dream. i feel like such a failure and a loser no matter how much reassurance i get. i hate the idea of being mediocre and living a mediocre life and that is all i am doing and it makes me just want to end things. i feel embarrassed of myself 24 7 and its just such a terrible feeling. seeing other people happy makes me suicidal
i am sorry to post this to other people dealing with suicidal thoughts, i never want to seem like i think that is the best option for anyone even myself.i am bipolar and have struggled with suicidal thoughts since i was a young child i am now in my early 20's initially a lot of childhood abuse and poor living conditions contributed to a feeling of deep sadness and depression... that being said as the years have gone by, i have started to realize that my suicidal thoughts have very little to do with being sad and much with a lack of desire to be alive and a dislike for the things that happen in this world.i used to write it off because i had people, things, and plans in my life that mattered. but after going through a divorce i have come to realize that most every person in my life has left, and its made me realize i that it does not matter if i die and hurt anyone to me. if someone is hurt by my passing, it has no impact on me if i am deceased.i do not care for my original career plans, i do not want to have children, and i do not care about hurting people by passing.has anyone else realized that their suicidal thought have nothing to do with sadness or even depression or hatred for yourself, but just a hatred for the world you live in?not sure if this is the wrong place for this, i am sorry if it is triggering to anyone, i just want to talk about this because i feel lost in other support groups i have talked to. i honestly want some thoughts here
after a lot of therapy, there is no help for people like me, people with my problemsyou have painful emotions? the answer is therapy. you tell a therapist what would help, and they tell you that is not what therapy is for. ok, then what is the profession that will give me that help called? oh, that does not exist. but, also, still do not kill yourself, no matter how much you are suffering. also, i will not do anything to help you not suffer.then they tell me to just stop being a human, stop finding enjoyment in what is well established as what people enjoy. see the research on happiness. the only help therapy offers is to tell me you should not kill yourself even if you do not get what you want. ok??? so you will apply that to yourself too, and keep giving me therapy if i stop paying you? no? then why should not i exit my life early, just like you would exit the therapy relationship, when it stops working? the default option is suicide, your job is to present me with a better option, but you will not do your job.that is basically my experience with therapy.edit do not tell me to call a suicide hotline, they will not help me either, i already tried that. i am actually blocked from the crisis text number that reddit sends in their automated messages. if you report me, and i try to contact them, they will tell me i have abused their system and no messages will go through. so do not even bother. post deleted from r talktherapy, they told me to go here
i will be 20 in 2 days. had this back pain since i was 3. parents did everything they could but nothing happened. at start, the strokes were monthly thing but now its everyday and i am tired of it. everyone thinks i am faking it bc no doctor has been able to identify it. my parents have been supportive but they have their fair share of taunts and blaming. i have been hiding it from them for about 6 years now. too scared to tell them. one reason is they will worry too much. other being they will probably blame me for it. i was excellent in my academics up until covid. it went downhill after that and my career is probably over till now. i am physically done. i have been suicidal for more than a year now but never felt strong the way i feel about doing it rn. a friend somehow convinced me to tell my parents about it but we all know that are not going to happen. i have lied to them so much that i feel like my whole life is a lie. i gave up on everything i loved just so i could make my parents proud of me one day but that are not going to happen now. been thinking about hanging myself for a long time. now is the time to actually do it. i know it will not be easy on you mom dad, but this is the only way you are going to believe that i was in pain. otherwise you will just keep thinking that i was a cheat. so sorry for all the pain i have caused till now. i will not be an issue from now on. have a great life ahead. i am going to kill myself on my birthday
i hate my life so much. no social life till 27, like back in the days of kindergarden, our teacher literally begged other children to at least try to befriend me and not exclude me from all their activities. and still got marginalized, had 0 friends, got bullied a lot. but still was a cheerful person till i moved out of my parents house and went to uni.and when things started to turn for the better, guess what? covid happened. isolation again. the fact that i live in a literally shit country romania made it even worse. what hurts me the most is the impossibility to find a romantic partner. tried every dating app possible, went to every social event after restrictions were lifted, literally trying hard to check all the boxes and no success. not a single chance.also tried therapy counselling. did not help at all. one can tell me do this do that and you will eventually find someone . i just cannot do it , i am too menrally exhausted to try it anymore and i feel i am condemned to live this both dream and nightmare stuff called life dream because every other aspect in my life is on point and going absolutely perfect. but there is this social aspect that gives me suicidal thoughts every day.the only thing i can do is being an aggressive troll on the internet. if i said something bad to about you, sorry i did not mean it. it is the unending frustratiin that speaks for me. sometimes i wish i had a terminal disease and know i will certainly die very soon
i am alone. i am so fucking alone. i have no close friends and i want a girlfriend so bad but it would be borderline misogynist to trick some poor woman into spending time with me. i am such a fucking creep piece of shit incel. i have hobbies where i am around other people but i never make any genuine connections beyond talking about what we are currently doing. i have been using online dating very consistently for 3 years and i get no matches at all. literally none. i do not even get the chance to get to say hi. i feel so fat and ugly. i have already lost 105 pounds since 2019 but i just want to starve myself then maybe someone will give me a chance. its literally impossible to meet people when you are such a fucking ugly creep. i have been having intrusive thoughts that i have died and gone to hell and they are starting to turn into delusions but they may just be true. i am only 21 but its completely fucking over for me. i have no reason to keep going like this. i find no joy from the little things in life when i have nobody to share them with. there is not a single moment where i am not in agony. i count every second, every minute, every day just waiting for life to be over. i am not doing this anymore. i have no reason. there is not a single fucking thing in this world worth living for. there is no sunrise beautiful enough, no job well paying enough, no hobbies fulfilling enough to get through life alone. i am so fucking tired of being alone
so i just started group therapy today. i attend thru zoom. i just completed my second session today.every day before group you have to fill out a daily assessment about how you are feeling including suicidal thoughts or any plansi am very suicidal right now. just cannot work up the courage to do it and cannot get past the guilt of loved ones ill leave behind. i have answered both assessments honestly about my suicidal thoughts and plans.so after group today, i get a call from them saying the doctor wanted to speak with me. he asks me about my suicidal ideation and wants to know if i think i am a m going to hurt myself or others. i told him i definitely will not hurt anyone else. he replies that if i do not tell him no for both he will send the police to my house and have me baker acted. he was very aggressive about it. i have been inpatient before and do not like the feeling of being locked up. so i told him no i will not hurt myself or others.so now i am thinking i should just lie on the assessment from now on because i do not want to have to go thru this every day with being questioned for i fill the form out honestly. i mean i am sure its just so they would not be liable if i did hurt myself and they did not take action after learning i was having thoughts.but if i lie on the assessment, how is that helping me get thru the suicidal thoughts. i am so confused and upset about this.any advice will help. i need help please. to admit or not admit
long story short my girlfriend of 2 years broke up with me not too long ago in the most scarring way possible. i feel completely backstabbed. i imagined my life with this person. all my hopes, dreams, my image and view of the future shattered. i have had partners before. this one was so much more different. i felt like it was perfect, too good to be true. i guess i was right. i hate myself for all the things that i have done wrong. after weeks and weeks, it still feels the exact same, no matter what i tried to do and how much i tried to make myself feel better. i still feel like my life has no meaning. i still feel anxious at night, unable to sleep more than 3 4 hours for weeks, and only being able to go to sleep when i am absolutely dead. i still puke from anxiety, i stress, and i have panic attacks. this feels completely unbearable. i am having serious thoughts of hurting myself or ending it all. the only reason i still hold on to life is because the teeniest tiniest glimpse of a hope that maybe something will happen. maybe it will all be okay and this will get fixed between us. but a part of me knows that never happen. and that part becomes more me with each passing day. i fear if i lose all hope, i will lose myself with it. i do not think i will stay here much longer. i do not mean to be edgy. i just do not know what to do. i am miserable, and i suffer through every single day. how do i cope? having serious thoughts of suicide and self harm
i have social anxiety and depression so weddings are not my scene. one of my close friends from college just got married to another college friend of mine and i was a groomsman. the wedding was lovely and i am happy for them both. but god do i hate everything about weddings. i do not have and never have had a romantic relationship or anything close to it. unsurprisingly then, weddings make me feel even more alone and unlovable and worthless. but i also hate the reception. i do not dance because i am overwhelmed by anxiety at the thought. so initially i tried to stay off to the side at this wedding. unfortunately i felt that by not dancing i was even more noticeable. eventually i went and took some xanax to calm myself down. once it started kicking in i was feeling good and actually started dancing with the rest of the wedding party. and i had fun. why is this bad you might ask? because it showed me how my mental illness was holding me back from enjoying life. i cannot take strong drugs like xanax often it is for emergencies only . this makes me want to try recreational drugs which i know i should not do and are illegal in my state.so here i am. back home feeling worthless, lonely and suicidal, somewhat disassociated from reality. fuck me. i cannot kill myself because i cannot bring myself to do that to my parents.the good news i that i only have a lot more weddings in the future because all my friends are getting married. fml i hate weddings
so, first of all, i am a 21 years old guy with asperger's. i have been depressed for a few years because of how i feel that everything that happens to me is my fault. i have a really high amount of self hate because i do not like anything about me at all. i think things like i am ugly, short, and a shitty human being. over the last few years, my life has become worse and worse. i have failed my last year of highschool for 4 years in a row. i do not have any friends at all because i lost them slowly. i have also been in a few relationships, but all of them ended badly. at first i thought all those things were because of bad luck, but now i think they all were my fault because i am a piece of trash.i am useless at everything i do, like, i am not good at anything at all. i have been trying for a long time to make friends by joining groups and using chat apps but i always end up either fucking up, or not getting an answer.i do not know what to do at all anymore. i hate my life so much that i want it to end. but i am also too much of a coward to end it. everything that happens in my life is bad, and even if something good happens, i end up fucking up after days or months. i am tired of being alone and always fucking up everything.i just want to have friends and live a happy life, but i feel that it will not ever happen because i would fuck up again and again each time. i have been feeling worse over the years and i do not know what to do anymore.
i cannot remember the last time i felt content with life. i am on two antidepressants just to get through the day, and it barely gets me up in the morning. every disappointment set back in life feels ten times as heavy when you are already at rock bottom. i do not feel joy in life, just small moments of laughter or jaded hope. i am really trying to come out of it all, but i just keep getting hit over and over and over again. it looks like ill be losing my job today. to top it off, the manager talked to me with complete disgust on his face. i am so tired of feeling dehumanized. people say you can reach out and talk to them whenever, but they are never there. even the people who mean well, do not fully understand. what they meant by, tell me your problems, is you telling them how much better you are doing, and then changing the topic and putting the focus on them. they do not actually give a shit about you and your legitimate problems, they just want to hear how great everything is while you are drowning. do not mention if you are feeling suicidal, then they look at you like you are a crazed monster! it is selfish and i do not talk to those people anymore. which has created an even lonelier existence, but at least i do not have people looking down on me for trying to survive. i like reading the posts here, because you guys truly understand the pain of it all. the only place i feel heard. let us keep trying our best, its all we can do. so tired
my life is a mess, a real stinking mess of anxiety, stress, tension, feeling inferior, self loathing, and a lot of shame, that would be bad enough for a 13 year old boy but it is way worse when you keep trying to clean it up but cannot you cannot after you are distracted by the millions of tasks getting thrown at you. whenever i encounter a new problem i usually write down what happened on paper, underline the key details of what happened, then write a to do list of what i can do against those key details so they do not happen again. the only problem is that while i am doing the checklist it takes forever and most of the time i get sucked into my little brother's room when he is calling my name to play toys with him, then i will just forget about the checklist until the whole days over and i realize i did not do it, then i will check it in my dresser to do tomorrow and forget about it tomorrow as well. i have tried having a talk with myself but that just makes me write down things from the self talk and make another checklist. not to mention my family is a mess too since my mom is in credit card debt and i cannot cheer them up so now i blame myself for being too weak to make my loved ones happy. now i am considering getting rid of the source of the mess and since the source is me, the only way is to kill this miserable trash that i call me, correct me if i am wrong i am only 13 but my life is still a fucking mess and i cannot clean it up
my boyfriend is a cop, we live in sweeden where cops got high authority. my boyfriend is abusive, he harrases me infront of everybody and will not let me gohe forces sex, anal sex which led me to hospital many times when i am asleep he just goes in, i lost sleep for days, most of the days i wake up with sexual acts done on mehe hits me all the time for the slightest disagreement, or if i want to go out with my friends he goes enraged giving me black eyes every now and thenhe burnt my father's memory which led me to fight him and tried to punch him because the pictures of me and my father are my only memories of us and my beautiful childhood, but he always hits me back harder breaking my foot once bending my wrists. and knocks me out i cannot do anything to hurt him he is 4 times my size and always threatens to cut my hair and eyebrowsi tried contacting the local police but i ended up being punished for it he kept me locked in my room not letting me go to bathroom embarrassing myself in therei cannot do anything, i am poor and i have nobody, the only friend i have now is my phone.i do not know what to do with my life or how to get rid of him because i have nowhere else to go. maybe suiciding in a painless way would really help. if you redditors got any ideas please share them, i could not find any solutions online.am i wrong for wanting him to die? i am not here looking for sympathy just solutions. 18f, scared of my boyfriend, i need help
i am diagnosed with schizotypal personality disorder, and things were really looking up after being diagnosed a year and a half ago. recently i have become aware of just how deeply it affects my life on a day to day basis, and i guess i am struggling accepting that part of myself. it does not help that i have had this premonition i get premonitions a lot, and i know how it sounds, but they are actually very spot on of the year 23 since 2016. i always felt it as an end, an end to what i could see anyhow, so i was not sure what it really meant. i turned 23 in august last year and it is been a pretty tense year, i have been scared of big trucks bc that is how i am going to go but i knew i would know when the time came... well... yesterday it did... a week from now, i just feel it. and all the things that have stopped me before when i have been suicidal are either solved or do not bother me anymore. so i am just trying to figure out what to do in the meantime? i have considered going to the er and ask for help, but i do not know what to tell them.. that i know i am going to die in a week? it sounds stupid...but i really feel no need to live any longer, i am happy with the life i have lived, and i feel like it is just the end of the road for me.do not know if anyone here can relate at all, or have any advice, but i really just wanted to tell someone. i do not really want to die, but have foretold my own death for years and it is one week off
i do not really know what to say. i have bipolar disorder and depression, like a lot of other people. i have tried to kill myself on 2 different occasions both a year apart it is been a year since the last attempt. tomorrow i am planning to run away from home. i want to go to a store purchase some ropes and possibly hang myself in the mountains that are near the house i am staying at. i do not care what happens after i die , my family are a bunch of assholes and i feel like my friends only reactions would be that motherfu ker finally killed himself . i personally hate my family they cannot see that they are the root of the problem. they are the reason i am an atheist, they are the reason i hate woman and that i am bisexual, they are the reason for my depression. the worst of it all they blame it on other people, for example my best friend. i just tired of their shit. i am tired of this shitty life. they put pressure on me to excel in school and they do not realize i cannot handle it. i am 18 and i have heard so many people say that it is not worth killing yourself that life has so much to offer and that kind of bullshit. my family keeps reminding me that i have it easy right now and that the adult life is a lot worse. i know that it is going to be tougher being an adult but i cannot handle how life is now how can i handle it when i am an adult. if i follow through with the running away and buying the rope i will post again. i am tired.
disclaimer english is not my mother tongue.plz do not get triggered for any grammatical errors i made.i am a m19 electrical engineering student and my entire life is such a mess. never had friends since childhood, got bullied for being skinny in my school days, living an alienated life. since childhood i have some mental health problems and emotional deprivation disorder. i tried to express how i feel to my parents but they just blame it on video games and mobile phone thinking that i am addicted to it. if i had friends i would not spend entire day on video games and youtube. it is the only way i get entertained and enjoy myself. every day i struggle to fall asleep. i have the habit of hitting myself on my head if i get angry or sad, sometimes i just do that for no reason. i am so ashamed to even get out of my house because of my poor self esteem and confidence. it is easy for most people to say be confident and think positive. but little they know who much struggled to improve myself through some self help books but nothing works. i never had anyone to express my real self. i have difficulty to be affectionate towards anybody. i just wonder how normal people do that and form close friendships. my entire life incidents motivates me to die. the loneliness grew so big i just cannot escape. gave up all the hope to live like a normal person. i feel like a alien and cannot tolerate living in this world. i wish i could either die or get help
i do not even know why i am writing this. i just think that i cannot talk about this things without alarming o worry the people in my life. i do not want to feel like this anymore, everyday from the moment i wake up to the moment i go to bed i feel like absolute shitsometimes, when i am out with friends i feel a little relieved, and when i am with my boyfriend my mood is generally better, but firstly we are in a long distance relationship so we cannot see each other every day, and secondly i cannot count entirely on somebody else to be happy. i have suicidal thoughts everyday, multiple times a day, but i struggle to talk about this because even if i am almost sure that i will never act on it because i have hope that someday i will be if not okay, al least better, i cannot convince others of that. i feel like i am slowing becoming more and more difficult to be with, i am terrified of that. they always say a good friend boyfriend does not leave you just because you are struggling but it happened to me before, how can i ignore that? i do not want to be a burden. all i want is to be happy, or at least stable, and to be a source of happiness to others. sometimes i feel the need to ignore everyone to not drag them in the depression pit with me, because there are days when i really cannot control myself and suppress what i am feeling and i know that it affects others. i feel so hopeless, what can i do to make things better? i feel exhausted
i have been thinkin on writin here for months.i have been having suicidal thoughts for years, they get stronger at times, n they are back extremely strong right now. nothing seems to make sense. i know everyone hates me. i know the world would be either a better place without me, or nothing would change. i do not know if i want to keep on going anymore. i hate myself so much, and the thought that i only annoy people makes me want to die even more.i tried joining groups of interests to make myself stay alive. because i have to. because others need me. but i do not feel like i fit anywhere. there is always someone better than me. of course. i am nothing special in the end anyway.i both want to die very much but also am scared of death. i feel so pathetic feeling this way. i do not know what to do anymore. nothing seems to help as i seem to always get back into this state. no matter how hard i try. i just wish i was better. but i do not know how i could even do that. i also do not know what i am trying to do by writing all of this n posting it here. i just do not know what to do anymore. i feel so lost. i feel so many things at once yet nearly nothing at all. its all just so confusing and i feel so alone in this. i do not want to bother anyone either. i hope writing this will not turn out bad or anything.i just do not know what to do. maybe all i really needed was to let it out somewhere? i do not know. i just wish i could end this all.
i have a job that i hate, almost graduated with a degree that i will not even be able to use because my partner wants to live somewhere it is useless. and now my partner said the thought of touching me makes her physically ill i asked for a hug because i have been sad lately . all of my friends are either friends or have just left. i am always there for anyone who needs me but now i need someone and i am by myself. everyone is just too busy for me. i hurt myself superficially and i know my partner is going to be furious with me if she sees if when she comes back to the house tonight. my family disowned me years ago and the only person who speaks to me now is my abusive mother. all i have got in the world to live for is my cat, who probably only has a year or so to live anyway he is old and his heart is failing him . i keep trying to tell myself that i have to keep going for something but i cannot think of anything i want to do that i could ever do, or anyone who would miss me, genuinely not just for attention on social media mother . i know my partner would take care of my cat, he really likes her and probably would not even notice i was gone. i just cannot think of any good reasons to keep fighting, i have tried so hard for so long and i think i have finally run out of steam. i love this world and i love many people in it,but they would all be better off without me, if they even noticed i was gone. thanks for listening. why bother?
i have been considering suicide a lot for the last few days. tbh its just been getting worse and worse over the years. i do not even want to exist anymore. my mom keeps saying if i do not do everything i hate i am going to be depressed fat and sad for the rest of my life. like i am not already depressed and fat. everytime i make a tiny fucking mistake my mom starts yelling and shit. once i did not hear my dad say something and my mom took away all my fucking electronics for the rest of the day. may not sound like a big deal for you, but i rely on the internet. i rely on video games to stay alive. my school makes it even worse. everyone just makes me feel stupid and i have panic attacks constantly. i keep fucking messing up and everyone just laughs. if i try to tell my opinion everyone just laughs. i get made fun of the way i talk, walk, look everything. what the fuck is the point in living if everything i am going to feel is pain suffering and stress? and everyone just says it gets better trust me . it does not. it just gets worse, and worse, and worse. i keep cutting my arms up when my last scar heals. every time i try and say anything to my class or teachers no one listens. why will not anyone just listen for once? i just want to stay in my room for the rest in my life. why cannot i just become an adult and die? why? why fucking me? what did i do? i did nothing. please help me. i do not know how much longer i can hang on in there
i feel hopeless! i cannot eat, cannot sleep, cannot remember the last time i laughed! this all started once i decided to check up on my childhood friends from school. i am 24 years old and due to anxiety and depression i have had since i was eighteen led me to isolate myself everyone i knew. so fast foward to now. i went on linked and saw that my old friends are graduating with msc at the age of 24 and i started college jan 2021 but i fucked up my first semester. ill be graduating at 27 28 with no work experience. i feel hopeless. what makes it worse is that, is that i have zero self confidence due to my shitty childhood. my mom taught me to be afraid of everything and my dad beat the shitout of me and always told me i was dumb. but at 24 i cannot wait life to get better specially knowing how low my self esteem. through out my uneventful life i was always felt like i was going to grow up and have fun and exiting adulthood. but now i see that is not the case. the only thing stopping me from ending my life is, the pain it will bring my family. and also due to my religion. but incase this does not get better, what is the easiest way to commit suicide?do not have a gun. and i do not want to hang myself because, its painful, long and i would not know how to do it. i do not know any life threatening drugs and even if idid, i would not know how to get them. throwing myself in front of a train seems to be my only option. life passed me by
i am bored and tired, bored and tired of doing stuff and existing and occasionally i have the odd spurt of feeling motivated and doing shit, but most of the time, every afternoon and evening at the very least, i am just completely fucking unmotivated and bored. there is nothing i want to do, there is nothing i will want to do because nothing is worth shit, i want to die. i want it to be quick, jumping off my roof will take too long and i will panic on the way down, it needs to be something i can do fast and will not have time for second thoughts like when i tried to slit my wrist.i know my therapist said that this is eternity thinking but that is just an iteration of oh dark times come and go, you will feel better soon the fuck i will, happiness is temporary and i want to fucking die.there is no fucking point in anything if i cannot change this, it is just something that comes over me and suddenly i realise i do not want to do anything apart from diei think i need anti depressants, maybe then i would not be in fucking pain all the timethe problem is i can hide it really well in front of the people who are there to help, and i do, as a defence mechanism, i see my best friends and they are like, are you okay, and i convince them that yeah i am fine and they have bigger things to worry about so they accept it but every day i am in fucking paini want to feel something different, either things need to change now or i need to die end me
last year, i had the worst day of my life. march 15, 2020, i was across the country in my dream grad program. i was two days into a semester and my colleagues from all around the country and i were all enamored with each others brilliance. id never felt so connected to another group of people. two days and four hours into the semester, the sudden spike of covid 19 deaths caused my school to shut down and send us all home. for the past year, i have been separated from my flock, and last week we were reunited at last. this week has been everything i dreamed of for the past year, and my vaccinated friends and i are soaking in each others presence. today, the bomb dropped again. due to the increase in the delta variant, we are being sent home again. i had a ptsd flashback to the first time we were sent home and could not get ahold of myself. every time i am here, it is far too brief, and it is even more painful to say goodbye this time. i was to graduate next week, and my classmates and i will likely never see each other again. now i am suddenly going home to no job, because that too is once again suspended due to the delta variant. because of the unvaccinated people in my country, i am forced to lose out on the only thing that gave my life any meaning anymore, and i am being forced to relive the most traumatic day of my life. its hard to see the point anymore, and i am thinking of ending it all when i get home. i cannot do this again
did you see the movie back to the future? i am like george mcfly. i am so depressed and i wish to die. no suicide. i just hope that something kills me cuz i am tired of my life. i suffered with bullying at school because of my appearance and personality. never been the most loved even in my family i am the older brother and the only ugly i feel like they treat me differently and no not adopted my father expected a stronger son i love my family but they love my brothers more i never felt bad about this. just everything makes me think i am a loser. my first girlfriend she used me for everything you can imagine. homework studies troubles in general. i did everything for her like a dog but when we graduated she decided to break up with me she said you re veeery boring. she left me crying alone in a restaurant everyone was looking at me and the waiter was more worried about me than she. stopped needing me. then i met a girl apparently good too good to be true and it took me 2 years to understand that she only wants my money. i cannot say no, i do not even want to say it because i worry so much when someone needs something. i work very hard. i am tired. everyone uses me i always feel bad about my appearance and personality i cannot stop think about this i have a good heart but nobody cares thanks for reading this i am an unhappy person but i know there are bigger problems than mine. sorry. i just wanted to say it people walk all over me
i have typed and rewritten this 100 times. its embarrassing but here goes. why cannot i kill myself?my life is a long story filled with ups and downs. but since i was a child i had my best friend with me. in highschool he and i started dating and 2 years ago we got married. we had no one but each other. a lot of years were just us vs the world and it felt amazing coming home to him everyday. but then i found out i was pregnant in may. since then, he completely changed. he has cheated twice now with two different girls. i caught him both times. i have no family, no friends. i lost my job. i told my therapist what is happening and she asked why i am even seeing her still. i stopped going to therapy and i am sick of them not helping. i decided i want to end my life while i am pregnant. i know that sounds macabre and evil, i know. but no one will love the baby but me. i do not want her to grow up feeling as alone and unwanted as me. i decided to do it several days ago. i have my notes one for my husband one for my mom written out. every day for 3 days now i sit down in the bed, take a blood thinner, say goodbye to my cat and lay out the notes. but one i grab the knife i just freeze. i usually stay like that until 3 when i hear my husband pull up and put everything away. this feels like the right thing to do but i just cannot do it. i do not know what to do anymore or what hope i am holding onto. what should i do? why cannot i do it?
can i just say how lonely i am but its a huge contradictory because i cannot get along with most people and i am terrible in relationships because of trust issues and jealousy mostly. not only that but social anxiety kills me in just about every situation. i have been sober for over 3 years and its a good thing because i have addiction problems that spiral out of control and effect my work life like i get fired or just stop showing up. i have no friends because i do not know how to talk to people casually and the only friends i ever had were people i drank or did drugs with and now i do not do that anymore. my one and only ex cheated on me with a friend of mine and i did not even see it coming. it was a huge shock to me and i was in love with her at the time. this was like 5 years ago and i have not been with anyone since and i still think about her and miss her even tho we do not talk. i take anti depressants but they do not work i am going to and i feel suicidal 50 of the time and i do not see a bright future for me like more loneliness and working for the weekend just to do everything or nothing by myself. hypothetically if i were to get a girlfriend it would be more work than its worth to me because of constant worry about cheating or leaving me and then being right back to where i was. i am 33 year old male with nothing to live for, looking for some sort of advice or just to be heard i am not sure. help? if that is possible
6 years. sometimes it does not seem like a long time, but when you are living the six years and you know that there is another year and another year and another year stretching off into the distance that will be filled with the same suffering every second, minute, day then it seems like eternity. i am surprised that i am not dead by now and it is not because of lack of trying. i have lost count of how many times i have tried to kill myself, how many intubations, ivs, medications and stints in icu and hospitals i have had, all reminders of what a failure i am. tell me what to do if i cannot succeed at living and i cannot succeed at dying. but the worst part of this is that my divine duty is not death, at least yet. it is to kill. imagine you had someone following you every second of the day and night screaming in your ears, in your head that it is your duty to kill these demons, that you are stupid and weak, telling you where to stab them, hit the them and choke them, advising you on how to kill as many people as you can before killing yourself so they cannot get to you. so i am putting my foot down. at 4am this morning 2 and a half hours away i will be jumping off the cliff near my house. it will be protecting everyone around me and ending my suffering. i would like to say it is been great but that would be a lie. feel free to talk to me in my last couple hours alive but do not expect to change my mind why does not it get better
i wanted to end myself so many times i cannot even count. couple times i wanted do it for real. i even made advanced preparation once. i am still here and i hate the fact i am still here. wish i was dead but i am to much of a coward to end myself. thought that maybe if i stop posting focus on some other things i can be better with time. that i can distract myself. well i am only getting worse. i think about suicide every single day, every single hour. only emotions i feel are anger and sadness. sometimes i cannot even control myself, things i do or say. i can hate everything and everybody only to feel extreme saddness after couple minutes. only constant is that i feel like a piece of shit all the time. drinking helps a little but only for short period of time. the more drunk i am the more depressed i become. i miss times when i was happy and wanted to party after drinking. i do not want to talk about my reasons. they are pathetic and if somebody is curious my post history is open. i cannot keep on living like this. i want to be dead. that is the only thing i want. i almost got hit by a car this week and wish it was almost. wish i was not coward and ended this already. there is no point in staying alive. being alive only makes me suffer. i hate the world we live in and the world hates me. this world wants me to kill myself and i am not strong enough to keep on fighting forever. i am here again. wish i was not this way or another
i feel as if i have no reason to live, my life is literally worthless. nothing can change how i feel, sure i can distract myself for a few days by playing games but as soon as it gets dark shit always goes down. at least two of my siblings have od before and i am surprised their alive because i know that one of them has not learnt. i feel so grey and sad. my brain feels like static. i spend so much time in my room, i do not eat enough, i do not go out enough and i know it but i do not change. i think i am masking it pretty well in front of others but what would they do if they found out? idk. i have tried to kill myself before but i felt too numb to go through with it but now i feel as if someone just gave me a horrible day, and a night alone where my step sis is away and i would end it all. the only thing keeping me from doing it is the thought of my baby brother asking where i was. i just cannot handle it. i do not know how to feel or what to feel because i am used to looking at the person next to me and just mimicking them but i am alone. i will through up a peace sign as i look a myself in a mirror sobbing just so i can try to convince myself i am okay. i used to get told by one of my friends that i was fine and did not have anything wrong with me but here we are. i am so stupid. i will just hide my scars, not mention the years of my childhood of which i have suppressed, and just pretend. it is all i know how to do now ooof
at the end of the day when i spend time with a partner or my friend and it is time for them to go sleep, i suddenly feel very suicidal? for no reason?i have no reason to feel this way! we can hang out during the morning and feel just fine, but around the time they get sleep is around the time i start feeling suicidal. and so me trying not to bring it up is really hard to do and so i start acting weird and sad, which makes them kind of push away from me. or maybe i just think they are trying to push away from me because i am sad and i am misinterpreting their tiredness. and then they go alright, i am heading to bed! and i start dissociating. and i tell myself i cannot kill myself right at this moment, they are going to think it is their fault now. so i do not do it, but i still feel overwhelmed by loneliness even though i am aware that literally everyone needs to sleep ! i guess i just want someone to look at me and go, you really look like you are struggling, do you want to sleep in my room tonight? . i am not mad that nobody does this because 1. it might be hard for them to sleep when someone else is in the bed and 2. they cannot read my mind so how tf are they supposed to know that i feel hurt when i try my best to hide it?basically how do i stop getting triggered by very simple, small, harmless actions? i do have a therapist, maybe i will bring ask her about it too. i am triggered by something that should not be triggering?
the last time i had an attempt was a little over a week ago, and i think the scariest part in retrospect was how calm i was 20 minutes leading up to it, i was sobbing and self harming before but a wave of calm and determination hit me, it was a different method than i had tried in the past when i was upset and it was probably the further i got, i spent a few minutes attempting to knot a rope to a garage and when i hung it was only for about two seconds before i dropped to the floor and scraped my arms and legs and just went to sleep like nothing happened... i am afraid looking back on this because at that moment i did not cry out for help and i did not write any goodbyes or anything.i am worried this means my attempts are getting more serious and i am currently in isolation and i guess i am scared because a big part of me wants to live but that scary voice telling me i should not creeps in a lot. i have thrown out things i could hang or suffocate with but i am still addicted to cutting stabbing myself, i do not want to be hospitalised and i am not sure how bad that would be for my mental health too because covid unexpectedly hit my state and i caught it. i feel like i need to have a way to reach out to someone but i do not have any friends and i am also feeling guilty to talk to family because my mum is getting over being sick and i do not want to take any attention away from her. time where it felt more possible, i was calm?
my 3 years of high school is about to come to an end. this last year is all going to be insane studying, having almost no break free time, teachers and people yelling and pressurizing all the time... for the purpose of taking a big exam to enter the desired university. i am screwed . how can i expect to study at a much higher effieciency and pace when i do not have the motivation and energy to do anything other than just lying at one place feeling completely awful. how can i not being yelled at without stressing out too much when the slightest form of criticism can makes me feel hurt, humiliated and question my own self worth. i would probably fail the test. and the build up to that failure will be those ongoing stressful days that torments me every second. sure i will struggle to put some effort in studying but it will make no difference. i think i will kill myself in process of cramming in the rush period when there is not much time left because by that time my guilt and fear for failing and being a burden to my parents as well as my hopelessness would be too intensive for me to live with. school starts about a month later, still online classes due to covid 19. but i can feel like everything is start falling apart right now. i am sorry if this post is all too personal and you cannot relate anything to , and please forgive my bad english, i am just a learner i do not think i can make it through this last year in high school
i am trying so hard not to give into these negative thoughts. i know nobody can help me. i moved to start a new life and it has been nothing but bullshit. i was staying with someone up here but they stole from me so i am literally living in my car while i wait for my first paycheck. i do not even have a place to shower or bathe. i know some people have it much worse, but i cannot go back home because my family is not my family. i am processing so much and feel horrible. i watched someone i know have a miscarriage last week and it is burned into my mind. i have faith in a higher power but i do not know what to do anymore. i do not have any family to talk to and all my friends have screwed me over. i cannot help that i am different. i feel like a alien in this world. i have made mistakes in my past but i try every day to make the world a better place and it does not matter. nobody cares. i do not want to keep living this life, but i have to because suicide is a sin. i am just so emotionally and mentally tired and it is scary because i came here to follow my dream, and now i am homeless with things stolen from me and living in my car for at least 3 more weeks, as a single woman. i am exhausted because i cannot get a good night's rest, strangers i meet treat me horribly, and i had to cut out pretty much everyone from my life. i feel lost, and just exhausted. i do not see the point anymore. the world does not want people like me
i am 15 trans m and a little over a week ago i came out to my dad that i am trans. things have been going to h ll from here. at this point, i am starting to not feel safe. he is staying i still love you and always will but... , and i went through the same thing you are going through, but you are still a girl and... recently he is gone through my computer, forced me to give him my password, and put 'safety restrictions' on it as if he could not trust me. i understand that 'he is doing this because he loves me' and stuff like that but after growing up in a very christian family, i doubt that is the reason, especially after a few conversations about my 'phase'. either way, i barely even feel loved by him. some things started after i came out as trans, i do not understand what clicked in him to do this. i feel unsafe and scared about what he might do next.i have barely eaten anything in the past few days because of how anxious i am. i do not have a plan on what i will do if i do happen to run away. i have looked through many runaway helplines, debating if i should text some of them the next time they are at work.at the end of the day, i might just find a strong rope laying around and find somewhere to hang, i am done feeling unsafe around my parents, heck, even the whole world. my anxiety is awful and my parents refuse to get me a therapist. i feel sick, i do not know what i want to do anymore. thinking about running away
i have not had a real conversation in months. every single person i cross paths with just talks at me, not to me. i am tired of listening to people constantly talk about shit i do not care about. i am tired of people not picking up on obvious cues that i am not listening. these language games are bullshit. just another way for people to assert power or pump their ego in front of others. i do not care what you think you know, about anything. none of this matters anyway.silence is not the answer...i know that. everyone gets lonely. everyone gets sad. i get lonely, i get sad. but i just wish i could sit with someone quietly and chat about things at a gentle pace. everyone is hammering out words faster than a machine gun and expecting either allegiance or resistance. everything has to be a fucking battle does not it. a battle you cannot win.alan watts was right when he said we do not change. people do not change. a person might go through changes or maybe some kind of conscious progression in life but as a general rule the human race are just a bunch of egoists. you see it in children first and then you realise no one actually outgrows it, they just get better at hiding it. no one cares about anything except making sure everyone else around them knows how important they are. i cannot even escape the hypocrisy. i hate being like this, surrounded by people like this. on a dying planet to boot.fuck this shit. i am over it.
mainly saying that statement in regards to people like parents and other loved ones who are supposed to care more than anyone else does and who all too frequently cares less than anyone else does that is how it was for me at least . if people are not truly caring about how you feel, and most people in the world truly do not care about anyone but themselves, find somewhere else you can open up at and consider helping others to do the same. opening up on the internet is the only thing that helps me to feel better, opening up to friends and family never helped me out at all. i am alone but people on the internet have been helping me to feel less alone and i appreciate that a lot. i cut myself a lot and i am not embarrassed about it or ashamed of it. it helps me to feel less suicidal, and its the only thing that does that for me. i leave my cuts and scars out in the open for all to see. i do not hide it anymore. i want to traumatize everyone with the realization of how much they truly do not care. most people are basically just happy to watch people they act like they care about suffer and die and i want them all to remember that the rest of their lives. not all people are like this, but most are. maybe after they realize how much they truly do not care at all they will learn how to actually care for once and try to save someone is life. maybe people would not get so desperately suicidal if people actually cared more...
but i am tired of being tired. i am told i am strong for going through everything i went through . but i do not wantto be strong. i am tired. i just want something stable , i want to be able to lean onsomeone and breathe and just be okay. i feel so defective. i try to tell myself i am not , and o do not want to hurt myself . i wantto respect myself and mybody but god, it just feels like the one thing i can control. life can be so beautiful sometimes but i am just tired. and hearing that i am so strong amp that i have made it so incredibly far snd that i still shine so bright and i am sure i do not see what they see. but i am also sure they do not see what i see. i see someone who is tired , tired of the world hurting them , stepping on them , taking advantage. yea having a childlike wonder amp hope is cool but when it makes you so hopeful in people almost naive. it sucks. i just wish i could lean on someone and not have to be strong , that is why my littlespace is so important for me , if i am big for soooo long and not small. i am stuck just staying strong , no time for myself to be vulnerable and fade away from the world. but i am supposed to become that support system for myself , not the little stuff but just to lean in general bc only i am guranteed to have my back. if i cannot have my own how am i going to ask others to have mine. i just. i want time to breathe. and melt away. idk how long i have been tired
i have had extreme chronic pain for 6 mouths causing me to be suck on the floor. when this happened i was too weak 2 except that it was bad i did not even explain to any ones that it was so fucken bad . i have had surgery and am physically better now but, i am manically anxious and the depressed and want to die i have no personality, i am not even sure what i injoy any more. i do not want to get out of bed do not want to go to school do not even want to ride my bike, i have nothing now but so much. i do not want to be like this anymore but i do not want to kill my self. why fucken why. i think i am on the way to fucking doing it. i hate everything and everyone but i really fucking hate myself. i have been like this since january before this i had aspirations and goals and really good life. i am so fucking privilege i have people who love me, so i feel even worse that i am like this because i have no fucken right to. and even when i feel i cannot stop myself from thinking will not why the fuck do i want to go to school why do i want to live why do i want to have ambitions, just to get a job and be miserable. i cannot sleep. i know what will help me but cannot do it. i scared that the injury is going to come back. so fucking frightened of the pain. the worst part is i cannot even ask or agree with someone when they can give me help. like i want to tell someone that i fell this way but am afraid. how do i get better
since april 16th, my top floor apartment has been leaking the roof needs repairs so every time it is rained, it has rained in my home. dirty, rusty, rain water filtered through the rooftop deck external roof, onto the floors and countertops. i have maintained it with a bucket, a towel, mopping excessively. at one point during the heatwave in late june, the water dripping from the rooftop had found its way into the basement, landing on and corroding my unit's water heater. you want to be stressed out and unable to shower during a heatwave, all the while being billed for rent? trust me, it blows. in just one spot alone, i have collected at least 2 gallons of dirty water. the rest landed onto the floor and therefore, into the unit below me. my whole living situation has really taken its toll on my mental health. waking up in the middle of the night to a small noise, and then panicking that the ceiling's collapsed is awful. the last contractor in here said do not be afraid if it falls, its light weight material which just prepped me for it actually falling. anyway, the city inspector is filing a report, and hopefully this will be fixed soon. but i feel vulnerable unsafe from the wetness leaking potential definite mold growth, terrified about further damage, and so, if days weeks months from now, and i am not here hell, i know who is to blame. if i do it, it is my landlord leasing agent's fault that is you lt name gt
a few days ago i was talking with a friend of mine, and he said that a mutual friend of ours kept flaking on him. so hes been giving her the cold shoulder. he then said that he does not have to worry about it because hell just hang out with me instead. instead. maybe i am just misremembering, or overthinking it because we have been friends for over a year now, maybe even two but i thought he was just telling me id rather be hanging out with her but you will do. i thought i could get over it, because i immediately just shrunk into myself when he said it but i cannot. its a confirmation of every single fear i have ever had, every time i have ever felt alone, every time i have ever felt like dying. now, every time i talk to someone, i wonder am i just an option to them? do they even like me? would they even care if i was gone? i just, cannot! i cannot get it out of my fucking head. i have not had a dark thought in weeks, and for the first time in a long time i was happy with my life. and now it feels like all of my fears and assumptions and doubts were true. my rational side is saying i am just overthinking it, we have been friends for a long time. it was just conversation, and a miscommunication at worst. but at the end of the day its the doubt, the what if of it all that keeps me awake at night, that causes panic attacks, that makes me question everything. how am i supposed to know? i am just an option to people
my psychiatrist will not test me for adhd despite the fact that i have sooooo many of the symptoms of inattentive adhd in adult women. if i do not have it, does that just mean i am stupid and incapable of taking care of myself for no reason? i would love to go see another doctor, but i am about to lose my insurance august 1st because i no longer qualify with the job i got back in march. despite the fact that i cannot pay for my chronic pancreatitis medication out of pocket even with this new job. the ironic thing is that i am probably going to lose this job because of how often i have to call off work with the illnesses that i need my insurance for. i do not know what to do anymore. i have been trapped in an endless cycle of quitting jobs and getting new ones because of my mental and physical health for years. and i am so so tired of fighting with my own brain and body to try to convince it just to fucking function normally so i can at least meet the bare minimum of societal requirements of yknow, paying rent. i am really at the end of my rope. i feel like i have no options left. i want to kill myself just so i can stop being a burden to the people i love and so i can stop feeling so goddamn miserable all the time. if you have any suggestions, i am all ears. otherwise, this might be my last post.tl dr i do not feel like i have any options left, and i might just end things. i am so tired. idk what to do anymore
i am m26yo and have always been financially and emotionally dependent on my partners. i always attract people because of my beauty, but i know i have a nice personality and a lot of interests, which ends up making people attached to me.i always had a war on my mind, and i never found the motivation to do things for myself. i never loved myself.a person said a few months ago that maybe i am like this as a survival mechanism, that deep down i do not want to change or be independent because it is easier and i save energy just by depending and relying on others.that is not fair. my boyfriend gets screwed every day at the hospital he works for and when he gets home, not even the dishes are washed. he has to worry about whether i am eating, about buying my food and my clothes and etc.if i can change? i have been trying every day. therapist, drugs, etc. but maybe deep down, deep in my unconscious, there is this stuffed thing that does not want to change. and unfortunately i cannot fight it.i have everything in my power to be a successful person, but i am a lazy, selfish slug.suicidal thoughts have always been with me. and every day i am more certain that this destination is very very close. i do not want to be strong. the only strength i want, is to finally surrender i take advantage of others. i suspect that deep down i just want an easy life. this is not living with dignity, and i am not strength enough to change.
i have always been the one that helps to the ones that i think needs help. i offer mine even if they did not ask because i know what it feels like to bottle up emotions. i know when they need help because i see myself in them. i helped 2 people go through depression. i tried my best to be the wall they could lean on. one was the person i loved, anne. and the other one was one of the closest friends i have ever had, jhane. there have been times when i wanted to ask for help but i knew that anne was busy with her life. she is already facing alo't of problems and i know she does not have time to listen for me. and i have lost already lost contact with jhane as she is already happy and also she now has a boyfriend. i am afraid to ask her as i am a guy. i do not want to be another issue for them as i know how important this relationship is to her. i know... i do not know actually. i guess i am just afraid to ask. i do not want to ask anymore because the everytime time i asked for help it felt like i was talking to someone made of ice. it always felt cold and uncaring. whenever i ask for help and i see them busy and happy and i just did not want to disturb them. it always just ends up being the same. i ask how they are, then i see them busy and happy then i lose the will to ask for help because i do not want to be an annoyance to them. i am afraid. i tried to help everyone i could, but i could not even help myself.
me and my long distance girlfriend broke up and i do not know what i am going to do without her. we did not sat those exact words but we knew it was over and i am so worried that she might have taken her life because of this breakup. i was the only reason she had to keep going and if we had just stayed together i bet she would not have done anything if she did i am going to feel guilty for the rest of my life because of this if she is not still here. but not only that how am i supposed to move on? this month is going to hurt the worst. july 22nd is the day we first met and we would have known each other for a whole year. that is a long ass time. i am in so much pain that i do not know how i am going to carry on living if she is not here not only that but just the fact that we are not together anymore. our relationship was painful at times because we are both going through our own shit so obviously we were going to have problems. but i want to kill myself so bad now we were together for seven months and we spent so much time together. we had loads of inside jokes, made things for each other, played roblox together. the fact that we are never going to get to play roblox together again may be one of the saddest things all i can think about right now is how much she loved my avatar and would call it elfie and now i want to start sobbing i just want to die and hurt myself till i do i cannot fucking do this anymore
i am luckier than most, which is why i feel selfish. my home life fucking sucks, but its not the worst, and i have people who i know would be upset if i left. my little sister just slid a note under my door. were not close, but it fucking broke my heart. i was being screamed at by my parents again about how stupid and useless i am and she had to sit there and listen to the whole thing. the note says i love you, and i am sorry i did not do something. its her birthday on wednesday. i want to leave so fucking badly but i do not want to ruin her special day. she is only turning 11, and i do not want to fuck her up for the rest of her life bc i was too selfish to stick around. i was going to kill myself on her last birthday, but did not end up trying for the same reason. i know my friends would miss me as well, and my boyfriend. i do not want to make anyone upset but i cannot keep doing this. i have no escape. i know i am going to kill myself eventually, i have known since i was my sisters age that i am going to, but i have just been too much of a pussy to actually do something about it and end my own suffering. i just do not see the point anymore. life is a fucking meaningless cycle of pain and misery and i am so resentful to my parents for bringing me here and treating me like this, only to force me into a life i never asked for or wanted. i am so, so tired... i know people would miss me but i am just so tired.
i am too tired to type out a full list of events that happened last night. to give you a little bit of background, self harmer since fourth grade, suicidal thoughts originating in second grade, asd, ocd, severe depression, sad, uad, umd, hallucinations, delusions, paranoia, probable dissociative disorder, way too much fucking joint pain, sexual abuse in second grade, physical abuse kindergarten to grade three, sexual assault in fifth grade, emotional psychological verbal abuse dating back to kindergarten. yeah. my life sucks.anyways. tldr for what happened last night swallowed a tablespoon of hand sanitizer, could not drink any more, nearly threw up, dry heaved, whole head was on fire. hung myself at home for 35 minutes, face turned lavender purple, passed out for 10 minutes then woke up and decide fuck this i am going to bed. was 12 45 a.m. at this point . took out my gag, which was soaked in alcohol taste, cleaned up the mess, and slept.i think i am going to jump off my balcony on tuesday. i do not like the odds, it is somewhere from a 10 50 chance of survival cannot find clear stats , which sucks, but i will take those odds because i am desperate. so yeah. thanks for reading or whatever.do not give me corny advice. empathize with me, give me real advice that is not seeking help , validate me, shame me so i can go die, or do not respond at all. attempted suicide last night. probably doing it again tomorrow
around 2017 i found myself in a really shitty situation. my friends turned out to be the worst people on the fucking planet as they had made me chase them so far for their real friendship that i was at a point that i had no one else left. i did not feel like i could ask my family for help at that point, but when i finally came to and dropped those bottom feeding shit lords, i had run out of crossroads and was frustrated. i threw myself into games, overwatch, minecraft, call of duty, it did not matter to me. i stayed in that same situation until the pandemic. i do not mean it got better, it got fucking worse as i could not go outside at all, and as a direct result of that, it became quite literally all i did. at this point, i got some records in overwatch and a few other games which had validated in my mind that this was what i was built to do. i then met someone who i thought actually might not be a toxic cunt, but as of now i am having doubts because i think my damaged social skills and autism kind of made her turn her back to me. i do not even know at this point, but i do not want to get more stuck in than i already am, do not have anyone else i can talk to or go outside with, but i also do not want to become a lifeless living thing. i am having darker thoughts as of yet which have always lingered but have been amplified because of her sort of avoiding me. i threw myself into games and cannot get back out
i am 48 with a 5 year old daughter. i have a good job and a house, but i have a wife who no longer has any interest in me. she went through post partum depression after our daughter was born and i did not know how to handle it. she was critical, mean, and so defensive about talking about it. i tried to give her space which eventually led to cheating me. we are trying to work it out with therapy, but she does not seem to be sorry for anything and blames me and her history of abuse not from me .i feel we are headed for divorce. she has said before she will take me for everythingshe can, despite the fact that i primarily care for our daughter, do all the cooking and cleaning, and pay all the bills what she makes is her money . she contributes very little to the household except for making sure the tv gets watched all day. i have sacrificed 5 years in a loveless marriage, and i am tired. i have no friends anymore because i cannot commit to anything trying to keep the household together.if she takes my daughter, i have nothing left. i just do not want to go on after that and try to rebuild my life. i know it is selfish, but i feel hopeless. i have no desire being an every other weekend dad. i just want someway to die so that i can leave everything to my daughter. i have tried to figure out how to stage it as an accident so my daughter can get my life insurance, but it seems impossible. do not want to start over
despite being 100 pounds overweight, id always held out hope i could eventually straighten that out. plenty of folks have done it before it is something that seems achievable.even though i have been stuck one class away from a degree, i have always believed i could eventually get it. it is just one class. just because i have failed it twice before does not mean it would be forever.but socially, i am just stuck.i have no hobbies. i have no interests. i have nothing with which i can start conversations with others, much less sustain them.and what hurts is that i just cannot make friends. i always feel like i am helping others, but then i am told it is just annoying. not necessarily unhelpful. just annoying. i know others struggle with this, and i know my friends are not just being assholes or anything, but i can never seem to find that line . i want to be helpful, since it is my only potential asset towards a human relationship, but i do not think ill ever be able to do it in a way that is meaningful to anyone.that is just todays episode though.i just do not feel like ill ever understand social nuance. i am probably on the spectrum somewhere, but not enough so in order to be diagnosed. i just hate it. i hate being so trapped mentally.i want to go away so that ill never again be a burden to the people i care about. well, one last time, but whatever. i do not feel like i can ever overcome my social ineptitude.
i have a long history of mental illness and suicidal thoughts and all of that. if it interests you i was diagnosed with bipolar ii disorder when i was first hospitalised and then diagnosed with borderline personality disorder traits on top of that upon my second hospitalisation. i have also tried and obviously failed to attempt twice. today is different, though. today i learnt of a new way to make an attempt after looking for one everyday this week and on and off all year. since then my mind has just been racing about all the things i will need, funeral and after death arrangements but i keep hitting this block at what happens if i fail again? anyone who has tried and failed at an attempt knows that you just end up feeling like a loser and even a little worse than before. in my case i even had a hangover but some uni work to submit. those times it was some what easy to hide the fact that i would made attempts at my life but with this way it does not seem like that will be the case. i am scared of being found and being forced into hospital again for the third time in a row. i am not looking for advice in how to get away with it. i know that is against the rules but i thought i could vent about it here. i have done a good job at isolating myself from everyone so reaching out will be a nuisance for them and i am sick of therapy please do not ask me what it is. i will not share perhaps the start of a swan song
man life sucks alot. i am tired of giving so much and just get shat on. every time i feel like life is going well for me ot just turns into a pile of shit. i cannot ever win and honestly i do not expect to anymore. if i am not fulfilling others needs i am selfish, but if i try to help myself become better i am selfish. the amount of times i have given everything to people and nothing has come from has been too much on me. i am tired of finding a spouse and telling them about my personal feelings about practically being a slave my entire life and then they use that against me. i am tired of giving my life to my religion and my god just hurts me more. i am tired of always waking up and just instantly just hate that i did. and yet the times i have tried to commit suicide it did not go right. it feels like the world just wants to play with me like a toy but do not want to throw me away. if its not what a spouse wants they will make sure it will not happen but i am selfish for it. if its not what my parents or family wants they will make sure i will not get it but i am selfish for it. what is the fucking point no one can ever win in this fucked up world. i feel like blind willie mctell. he said you made me love you and you made me cried, because you remember that you were born to die its just what were meant for. why does this happen to me i feel like i am just cursed or something. you know what is the point?
it is hard to deal with the knowledge. what knowledge? if i say, i just sound crazy. what, like secret government psychic forensic hit jobs in history class, what, like little alien beings that exist like holograms inside real looking people? you are crazy man, society does not want you. your so called friends have long since abandoned you, and you are a burden to your family. you have no future, noone cares about you who you do not pay to help you, and really even the doctors are tired of your typical bullshit. it does not matter you saw through all the horse shit about iraq and afghanistan, you did not risk your life for all the wrong reasons, and so you are the coward, and people think less of you. unless they need your help. but only because they need something do they ever come around. that is less and less these days, because they do not need you anymore, not at all, really.the meds make you feel like dogshit, but if you do not take them you go to the psych ward. fuck you. you are not too disabled to work, but you are too disabled to own firearms. i hate this bullshit. if i really was so dangerous, there would be dead people in my wake by now, stabbed or strangled, or whatever, i can be deadly with a spork. fuck you. dangerous to myself and others. fuck you, take my rights, but make sure i work like a slave. i just .... eat shit and die. happy fourth of july, this country is a farce. you again?
i do not really know what to do right now because i feel awful and i feel sad and i feel so out of it but also so stuck in my head. i do not even know how i feel and i hate how my brain always goes back to suicide no matter how much i try to kick the habit.i will tell my brain to stop, that i cannot rely on suicide, that it is getting old, but nothing i can do will make it stop. i am tired and i am tired of never seeing my therapist, and honestly, i do not really even believe in therapy anymore. and i am tired of taking medicine because i do not really think it is doing much to me except making me bored and uncreative. and i know that is not the case. i know that i crave off of feeling in extremes and that not feeling in extremes does not mean that i am not feeling at all and it is okay to be baseline sometimes and that does not mean that i am not capable of feeling, ever.i just feel that at this point, i have exhausted all options. any time i actually felt better was just me being distracted. i feel like i am never going to get better. i can grow up and graduate college and become a ceo or get everything i could ever want or change the world in any way i want, and i would still think about suicide.i feel like i should just give in and accept its control over me. i am so tired of it at this point. it is not even manic depression anymore. it is burnout, it is frustration, it is desperation. giving in.
in '86, i fell in love with a beautiful, extremely troubled man, named joe. at 20, he was already a hard core alcoholic, amp had been thrown out of every elementary school in the area by 5th grader. his father was a veteran who survived the beaches of normandy, but who was as abusive amp horrible to joe as he could have been. what happened over the next 12 years, is that i began drinking amp clubbing, amp sometimes doing other things, while joe stalked me, even after i moved 2,000 miles away from him, he accosted a cousin of mine, amp made her give him my number! i was 8 months pregnant with my son, amp he called me!! so, obviously, we were all the stereotypical catchphrases, amp when i really hit bottom in colorado, i told my parents to come get liam, because i was not in shape to be the mom he deserved, amp i went back to joe. 2 wks later, he did that, not 15 feet from where i was sitting. i have been on medication for anxiety and depression since before that, amp i have been able to get clean amp sober, my son's finishing his bachelors degree in teaching, amp i thought i would put that behind me...then, out of nowhere, i saw pictures of him online, amp i am back to the day after he died. i do not know how to get through this grief, it is bad enough that i have graphic dreams since the day it happened, now i have no control over when the thoughts show up it is like poison in my blood!!! why now???
i used to be very optimistic and helped people out of their misery, offered a shoulder, and i have always tried my best to blur out any feelings of loneliness. it might sound selfish, but now that i am in my lowest, i expected at least a one person to have my back. but i feel as if i am one push away from toppling over.music used to be so nice. id lie down and listen to music, and ill feel alright. but now music annoys the hell out of me. i want it to be quiet, but silence annoys me too.i have tried new hobbies, and everyday id stare at my unfinished projects and feel hatred for no reason. at myself, probably.meeting new friends is a no go. they are always full of creeps and wants something from me. my current friends do not understand how much pain i am in. i love them to death, but i feel like that is not the case with them.the person i love the most is now distant from me. soon enough they are going to lose feelings and ill be all alone. my parents are narcissistic and my future smells like a big failure. no doubt that i am going to be broke and a disappointment once i step into the adult world. i hate my personality, i hate my life , i hate my body, i hate how much of a coward i am. i hate every single thing about me and it comes to the point where i cannot even speak because my own voice fucking annoys me.i am about 45 ready to commit suicide. what is there to live for? i should just disappear.
i want to pour a apart of my life out, i am so sick of hiding right now no one wants to listen, i have no one in my family just me and my mum, my dad died years ago, as growing up i did not really talk too much and constantly got bullied for my voice and fatness, my school friends told me i was faking and wanted attention cuz i was lieing to them and i started self harm out of my guilt, teachers hate me all the time cuz of my bad grade idk if the love. i got from people was just pity or if i even pity or other people,my chest hurts all the time, breathing issues and what not i feel like shit and want to end my life so badly, what is even the point of living? like just another burden i would have let it out on ppl, always stood out for other ppl before me even tho i was hurting, i want to be more open but can never make it there is so much hidden inside of me to the point where i just cannot stop self harming even now always overthinking anxiously waiting for someone to accept me.i said sorry for crying to my mother cuz she said it was annoying i always tried to talk to her about this stuff but she never gets her head around it, i am having more and more flashes of past trauma i have had forgotten i just want to happy for once and let these people stop hating me and i m well aware of the things i did wrong i just wish everyone could just forgive me, please tell me what to do. i cannot take it anymore
first of all, i am sorry. i do not have the energy to explain, but i am sorry if this hurts you at all. if you are close enough to want answers and track down this account, you probably already know why. it does not seem like there is anything i can do to protect others from her, but the things that led here are lucie's responsibility more than anyone else's. i figure there is a decent chance of success with a wrongful death suit, but going after her license does not look like it would be fruitful i am not sure heidi would cooperate with an investigation, and there is not enough hard evidence to prove the more serious allegations if she does not. i had thought i had the responsibility to make sure she could not hurt anyone else before i go, but i do not think there is anything i can do. i am not sure it is worth the grief if it will only result in a slap on the wrist, and evidence does not exactly suggest that the board are zealous defenders of responsible, ethical practice. i wish there were anything else on my mind in the end, but i have been trying to dig myself out of this hole for so long, with little else to distract me, and with nothing substantial waiting for me outside of it, that there is nothing else left in this moment but unmet, basic needs. maybe try to help someone else. pay attention, offer a hand when you can. just be present. the small things matter. should this have a witty title?
so this is my first time posting on reddit, apologies if i mess up. to make a long story short, i failed my first year of college. my parents are okay people. they have done some bad stuff to me in the past, but i know they love me so i try to not put it against them. so my dad took out a loan to help me pay for college. thing is, after covid restrictions, my mental health went down, way down. i was hardly showing up to my online classes, hardly doing assignments. i failed most of my classes both semesters. i am still enrolled in my school by a gracious loophole the school provides, but i did lose my financial aid for next year and my parents do not know any of this. they are going to pay off the loan today, and its killing me inside. i do not know if they will find out i failed this year or not, but either way i feel that i am such a horrible child, even if i cannot help my mental illness i could have reached out. i do not even want to go to college anymore. i do not want my parents to dump so much money on my stupid suicidal ass, i want to die so they do not have to pay off my loans. i cannot go on, i feel like a walking failure for not just doing my work. why did not i do it? what is wrong with me? i hate myself so much, why cannot i just be a good child to my parents? i cannot do anything right so i feel like the only way to repent is to die any advice is appreciated i am such a horrible child
i always hated being told i was stronger than i thought i was. childhood trauma does not make me strong, it made me weak in so many ways, it robbed me of my sense of being... it plagued me with fears and nightmares. going through all of that and the stress of losing the person i love the most has destroyed me. it destroyed me emotionally, and then it destroyed me physically, the holes i created in my arms and wrists were just a manifestation of the pain i felt like i was trying to release through to the surface, to rid me of my mental pain. i have nothing to say but sorry for anyone i have hurt, intentionally, or not. i feel too fragile to keep attempting to go on. i wish i could go knowing that there would be no more suffering in this world for everyone else, but i have lived for almost 26 years and i know it can be a scary place. now, my state is in complete lockdown while i see on the internet so many other places in the world are returning to normal cy, thanks to the failures of the place i live in, i cannot receive a vaccine dose, there is no way i can continue being locked in place without any support networks. i am too exhausted, i have been lamenting the fact that i cannot simply buy a gun as an exit to this world, it makes me feel like i have been forced to stay alive, but i have my own plan that i hope can bring me peace within the hour. irenesun, 18 july 4 26pm i have given up, goodbye
i really want to die right now. i know i said on my last post here that i was going to od in like five days from now but i want to escape now . the only reason i have not done it yet is because i have not finished my note. so i guess ill just ramble now.one reason for my urge to die right now is the fact that i have dance practice tomorrow. but its not like i hate dancing, i guess its the fact that i have to be active and that i have to interact with people when i have been trying so hard just to get away from them so my upcoming suicide will not bother them. another reason is because of my mom. you might be thinking woah, they sound like they are an annoying, entitled brat . so let me explain. i have odd and relatively unhealthy eating habits. its been like this forever. so when my mom suddenly starts asking me what i want to eat more and buys a bunch of food, i find it odd. she is never done this. and i have never thought too much about my eating habits so when she keeps bringing it up, it does not exactly feel nice. i do not know if i have an ed but my mom seems to see it that way. i know that she is just concerned but i do not like feeling smothered. and of course i have not talked to her about this because its kind of taboo in my culture and i am an overall reserved person. i am not sure how many people will read this but if you have made it this far, thanks i guess. meaningless ramble pt. 5
i always hated being told i was stronger than i thought i was. childhood trauma does not make me strong, it made me weak in so many ways, it robbed me of my sense of being... it plagued me with fears and nightmares. going through all of that and the stress of losing the person i love the most has destroyed me. it destroyed me emotionally, and then it destroyed me physically, the holes i created in my arms and wrists were just a manifestation of the pain i felt like i was trying to release through to the surface, to rid me of my mental pain. i have nothing to say but sorry for anyone i have hurt, intentionally, or not. i feel too fragile to keep attempting to go on. i wish i could go knowing that there would be no more suffering in this world for everyone else, but i have lived for almost 26 years and i know it can be a scary place. now, my state is in complete lockdown while i see on the internet so many other places in the world are returning to normalcy, thanks to the failures of the place i live in, i cannot receive a vaccine dose, there is no way i can continue being locked in place without any support networks. i am too exhausted, i have been lamenting the fact that i cannot simply buy a gun as an exit to this world, it makes me feel like i have been forced to stay alive, but i have my own plan that i hope can bring me peace within the hour. irenesun, 18 july 4 26pm i have given up, goodbye
i probably going to ramble a bit, so sorry about that. also sorry for bad english i have not found motivation to fix anything in my life for a long time now. it is not that i want to die, luckily i did not really had those thoughts for a while now, altho the ocasionall thought does appear, but as fast as it apeared, it dissapears too. i would like to fix my life, but putting effort into something worthless, does not seem ok for me. sounds like a waste of time, because i cannot change. at least it feels like it. i cannot exactly describe how do i feel. everything feels... grey. even the thoughts in my head, weather it be good, or bad, it just has this emptiness feel to it, but not in a bad way. i would like to change, but i do not want to change either. i do not even feel motivation to kill myself. i mean why bother? it only going to because pain to others. some might even blame themselves, and this feeling of emptiness would just go to the other person. i hate to talk about these things, because there are people who has a harder life than i do. i mean i am posting on a site, where are peoples who went trough the worst shit, has a traumatic sad life, yet here i am complaining and whine like a little kid. kind of feels like my feelings are not valid in any way or form. maybe i am just selfish. i do not know anymore... heck i never knew anything. honestly, i do not know what i want or need anymore.
some days i want to die in the most painful way possible. as if the suffering of that moment would absolve me of all the wrong i have done and continue to do to others. there is so many times where i could have been kinder. but some aspect of my personality will come in and break it. i am prideful, a sore loser, jealous, and mean spirited. where did this all come from? i do not even know if i can blame this on my household. and even if i could, would that even be an excuse? its my job to be better than those who came before me. it is just i am also selfish. i want so badly to be excused. to be embraced with my flaws, not despite them. to be able to be a prideful, cruel, bastard and still be loved. to sometimes not be the one in the wrong. to sometimes get an apology instead of give it. sometimes i think i am fundamentally unlovable. i am too hard to get along with and too smart to placate. perhaps it is not intelligence but stupidity. when people reassure me of their love or support it feels disingenuous. maybe because i have done it disingenuously before. when i say i am cruel it is not unfounded.i have all these wants and disgusts that contradict and overlap. i am like someone who is touch starved but hates being touched. what is it that i really want? i do not know. i do not even know how to begin to know. i am so tired. some days i want to sleep until i slip away with my dreams. reflection
i sit here hating every part of me. wishing when i attempted this shit 12 years ago i would have succeeded. here i am 12 years have past and all my thoughts during some of my worst times have resurfaced. i am not worth being here especially because i hurt my best friend and the only person who cared for me. i cannot do a damn thing to change it or even make it better. i have been through enough breakups but none like this. i cannot stand the thought of how much i hurt this person. i already hated myself way before this but she has slowly tried to work through those insecurities. they were never fully gone thought. if i lose her then it will also be the first time i would go living without the kids but she right to say they should not be split up. all this is the worst timing because we are suppose to move to the next town over in a month. but if she leaves she will stay here so the kids do not have to transfer. but i am getting off topic. the thought of not being able to have her in my life and not have that one person to turn to sucks. this girl would have been better off if i died 12 years ago so she would have never had the chance to meet me. she gave me the best 8 years of my life and i would rather die with these memories instead of going right back down that dark path i know i am heading for. i wish i could just pull the trigger! i am such a fuck up. i just want to be done with it all.
as the title says, i did something really fucked up. i was part of a friend group. 4 of us all together. we had great chemistry. and i fucked it up. i got mad at one person and chose to rant about them on another site that we both use. they found out, blocked me, and called me a suicide baiter . which, they are right. i am. all i do is talk about suicide. regardless they all made it clear they now want nothing to do with me. i have made apologies and took responsibility. that is all i could have done. i unfortunately do not have any desire to die. i have tried bridge jumping, cannot bring myself to do it. i do not have strong enough pills to overdose. i could maybe jump in front of some train tracks but that is also risky. i do not know of any method. i am sure they would partly be satisfied seeing me suffer. so far i starved myself so much my stomach shrank. so dying slowly is not an option. i just, want this guilt, to stop. i cannot forgive myself. nor can i love myself. how the hell can someone like me be worth any of that. so, i guess my only option is to suffer the greatest sin. that is, carrying around this pain guilt on my shoulders and have it fuck up my life until i die of old age. i'n 23 so there will be many, many year of suffering. and i deserve every last drop of it. i cannot live with the guilt of losing 3 friends all because of my shitty actions. i am suicidal this morning...
i have been plagued by suicidal ideation for a long time. my father committed suicide when i was in high school, so i have been adamant about dismissing those thoughts, knowing firsthand how it affects survivors. it is been getting a lot worse the past year, though, and i am really starting to struggle and become concerned. this is despite the fact i am under the regular care of a psychiatrist and compliant with my medications. i am apparently a unicorn a prolific non responder. i have also had poor results with other approaches such as journaling, meditation, gratitude therapy, yoga, etc.i recognize that i have loving, supportive friends and family, but besides worrying about who will take care of my cat, the only thing keeping me going right now is the idea that those people would grieve...which is becoming less and less of a deterrent. i do not want to follow in my father's footsteps, but it is feeling more and more inevitable.i honestly cannot think how my life is valuable, which is scary. i cannot identify any particular talents, passions, or ambitions to work toward, and do not know what i can offer the world or leave as a legacy.can anyone offer tips or experiences that helped you find value in your life? i am grasping at straws, so any input would be greatly appreciated.thank you so much for taking the time to read my ramble and consider helping! struggling to find value in my life
i hate posting my personal stuff but i just cannot talk to anyone and this is anonymous.i know people say they care and that they are here for me. and i doubt that, i know they are here for me. but i can tell when someone knows they would not if they did not feel like they had to. everyone leaves and i know its my fault. i become too attached and become obsessive. and i can feel the last of my friends leaving. i do not want new friends, i do not want someone to tell me they care, i do not want any of that. i just want to be alright. i want it all to stop hurting.i know i could have it worse. and i am not looking for attention or for someone to come be my savior. i just need to get it out there. to know someone knows that i am not okay. that i am tired. things are not that bad in my life which is why i do not feel comfortable complaining. but i am tired of being quiet and lying about how i am doing. i just want it all to stop. i had my first therapy appointment and i lied about a lot. i told her i do not want to off myself but i think about it. truth is, i do. i would give anything to have a guilt free death. one where no one would blame themselves or others. it just happened. i struggle to keep fighting everyday. every night i lay in bed trying to keep myself away from the medicine cabinet. i am tired of trying and just do not see the point anymore. things are really hard but they are not
my sister is a recovering addict who has been in recovery for almost two years. she is feeling very stressed and anxious just overwhelmed by life and she told me that she is worried about relapse and suicide. but she gets overwhelmed when i try to talk to her about how i can help to alleviate some of the stress in her life. i have done things like clean her house to make sure that she has a peaceful space and does not have to worry about that. i got her doctors contact information but i need her insurance card to call and make her an appointment. i have asked for it a couple times and each time she was overwhelmed already and just asked me not to do it right then. i cannot ask too much or push too hard or she gets overwhelmed and freaks out. i am at her house with my two children and i worry that the children are too much stimulation for her but she has a one year old and i want to be here to help care for her. i also am afraid to leave her alone. i am afraid to do anything actually. i am afraid if i do not talk and i just try to keep the kids away from her to give her quiet that she will think i am upset. i am afraid if i try to talk about what she is going through she will be overwhelmed. i am afraid if i talk about other things to provide a distraction or show her i am not upset that she will think i do not care or be overwhelmed. help. i have no idea what to do. do not know what to do
i do not want to fail again, all i have done since i have been alive is fail or fuck up i am just tired and i want to end it all i do not even care if it hurts anymore i just want to be gone i do not sleep i feel nauseous when i see food i hate my body and my self more than ever, i do not feel like anyone cares the only thing that makes my life feel like i need to stay longer is my first child is on the way but my partner just does not care about how i feel or how i am feeling about my life our life, she just tells me to go back to my family who let me go homeless until i met her. i do not want to make anybody disappointed in me but i do not think ill do anything worth being alive for i cannot do anything anymore i do not want therapy or meds i did that and it just made it hard to move i still have thoughts of hurting myself and rotting i am so sad and tired i do not want to be me anymore i cannot keep feeling feelings i do not want to be here but if i die ill still make everyone disappointed i do not care what people are going to tell me i just cannot keep bottling up i am so close to hurting myself and ending it i am tired and overwhelmed but no one cares i want to be dead. i want to boil. i am so tired of seeing my face hearing myself breathing i hate eating i hate food i hate everything i want to be dead i hate people. i hate life i do not want to but i do not want to be alive anymore
ich kann nicht mehr... ich will nicht mehr...ich kann weder richtig essen noch schlafen... ich bin seit langem auf der suche nach einem weg mir das leben zu nehmen ohne schmerzen dabei zu haben. ich wei dass es in der schweiz fr gutes geld mglich ist sich einschlfern zu lassen, allerdings bin ich nicht reich genug dafr.i am internet findet man auer nett gemeinter hilfe von prventionsteams nichts darber wie man den ganzen schei am besten und schmerzfreisten ber die bhne bringen kann.kommentare wie zb bade mit deinem toaster , ritz dich oder trink rohrreiniger knnt ihr euch sparen da ich schmerzen mglichst vermeiden will.ebenso knnt ihr kommentare wie reden hilft weg lassen..ich will nicht mehr reden ich will es beenden.i cannot anymore ... i do not want to anymore ...i can neither eat nor sleep ...i have been looking for a way to kill myself without pain for a long time.i know that it is possible to be put to sleep in switzerland for a lot of money, but i am not rich enough for it.apart from nicely meant help from prevention teams, there is nothing on the internet about how to do all this shit in the best and most pain free manner.you can save yourself comments such as bathe with your toaster , cut yourself or drink pipe cleaner because i want to avoid pain as much as possible.you can also leave out comments like talking helps .i do not want to talk anymore, i want to end it it is enough.
i do not know what i am going to write here. i just need to express my dumb ugly thoughts. i kept hitting myself i the head this not ing, i have been crying ever night and morning lately, and it hurts physically anxiety has taken a hold of me. and it is all because i am such a fucked up loser that everyone dislikes but no one knows why they dislike me.i am tired, i am tired of the loneliness, the self hatred and my lack of any confidence. but how can i be confident, i cannot. i am hideous, like a clown. i am horny but i cannot possibly imagine someone wanting to be with me physically.so i work, and it is exhausting, and when i am done for the day i lay down to recover, and when i am done, i have to get ready for work again.i do not have the time or energy to invest in improving my life, because i have to work, you do not hate working i just, it is tiring. and i am losing touch with the thing used to like to do.i have no time, so self live, no sex, no lovers, no time to get it togther. and you can feel myself coming apart.i am dying, choked to death on unresolved emotions, other humans comments, sweet dreams and a mirror that makes me cry.someone hold me, hold me tight and whisper. i got you just for an hour, just for a moment, someone else, please hold me togther and see my crying pain. becoming undone alone in the shadows is being choked under water screaming a mushy splashy brain sauce
for as long as i can remember, i have known my because of death will be suicide. as fucked up as it sounds its comforting to think about.all the these years of fighting, 20 meds, countless treatments programs and therapists only to be worse off every single time is no longer something ill participate in.all i do is create unnecessary issues for everyone around me. i am a parasite amongst my world of people. to them, i just need to figure it out and do the things i know i am supposed to do but am simply choosing not to do to them i am choosing this life for myself. i guess you could say at this point i am choosing suicide. that would be fair. but only after nothing helped even the slightest. after years of wondering why i am on this earth dealing with this and gaining little to no insight i am tired. i have been fighting this simply to not hurt anybody anymore but that motive is quickly dwindling. its actually nonexistent now. i am simply done. my life is a sick joke put into motion by somehow fucking every single thing up. something so screwy like me does not deserve to breath the air this earth provides. its such a waste. but anyways i hope and pray for relief in all of your hearts tonight. and to mom dad noah and eli, i love you so fucking much and i am so sorry for not being strong enough to get through this. i tried so hard it just was not enough. love sam weird knowing how ill die.
i recently graduated high school and i am attending university in the fall. so many things are going well for me. i have wonderful grades, and i got into the program i wanted at a prestigious university. i have friends i am so grateful for. i have all these wonderful things, and yet all that seems to matter to me is how ugly i find myself, and how i will never find love or be loved because i am just not normal . i have internalized everything my sister taught me about myself as a child, about how much of an embarrassment i am because i do not act a certain way, or because i am just a fucking weirdo. i do not think my parents ever defended me but now that she is messed with them, they have a problem with her.i cannot go a single day without reminding myself that i am repulsive, and ugly, and that no one will ever take me seriously or love me. i am not committing suicide right now because i do not know how to do it without inflicting too much pain.i feel like i know the way out of this, that it will and can get better, but i am not letting myself believe it. i am the only person not taking myself seriously, it seems. i feel so alone. no one knows this about me irl. i want to die. i have been depressed and suffered so much from anxiety this past year. and no one knows, and no one is seeing it happen. and i do not know if i trust anyone to talk about it. i am so tired. terrified and tired
i have been trying to tune into how i feel more lately and i cannot stop thinking about one thing in particular it is usually assumed that suicidal folks are more likely to attempt commit when they are at the lowest point in their life, and, i mean, it does seem logical. but what i have also noticed is that when i am at my lowest i do not really think about it, and instead i think more about how i wish the pain was over and similar things. but when it gets a little better and when i am back to not doing things on autopilot, that is when i start thinking about it. and it causes kind of a dissonance because i feel better and the situation is better, but at the same time i want to just end it all more than ever. like, for example, i am done with school for the summer, i got a job offer recently, i have not had a flare up in weeks got a chronic condition , i have made a lot of progress on the book i am currently writing and i have been catching up on a lot of shows and movies long story short, i have a lot of distractions. but at the same time i feel like absolute shit and every time i go to sleep i hope i do not wake up, and when i do wake up, i think about how much i want this to end.is this how other people feel too? how do you deal with that? usually the go to advice is to find distractions, but what if distractions are what is making it worse? when distractions actually make it worse
i recently graduated high school and i am attending university in the fall. so many things are going well for me. i have wonderful grades, and i got into the program i wanted at a prestigious university. i have friends i am so grateful for. i have all these wonderful things, and yet all that seems to matter to me is how ugly i find myself, and how i will never find love or be loved because i am just not normal. i have internalized everything my sister taught me about myself as a child, about how much of an embarrassment i am because i do not act a certain way, or because i am just a fucking weirdo. i do not think my parents ever defended me but now that she is messed with them, they have a problem with her.i cannot go a single day without reminding myself that i am repulsive, and ugly, and that no one will ever take me seriously or love me. i am not committing suicide right now because i do not know how to do it without inflicting too much pain.i feel like i know the way out of this, that it will and can get better, but i am not letting myself believe it. i am the only person not taking myself seriously, it seems. i feel so alone. no one knows this about me irl. i want to die. i have been depressed and suffered so much from anxiety this past year. and no one knows, and no one is seeing it happen. and i do not know if i trust anyone to talk about it. i am so tired. terrified and tired
this year has been the worst ever in my life. elearning has changed my life in the worst way possible. i am even more introverted than i was previously. back in april, one of my close friends was even diagnosed with depression. in february and march, my teachers were punishing us for our bad behavior even though i was not part of the group of people who caused them. in may, one of my teachers called me a politician who lies because i was running for student council president in my school. how come i respect others yet i do not get the respect back? i have felt depressed and lonely since the beginning of this year and i am losing hope in the future. making new friends is impossible since my parents get mad when i make online friends because apparently all of them are pedos and that they will kidnap me or something. covid has not helped either. my friends are like things will get better but after hearing that many times, things 100 have not gotten any better. why do i deserve this? what have i done to deserve being depressed? if i died, everyone would care for like a week, then everyone will have forgotten my existence. do not have an easy way to kill myself either. maybe drowning or no water could work. honestly, if i could choose the option of killing myself without any pain, then i would choose that. why continue suffering through this pain any longer? why is my life going downhill?
i do not want to be alive anymore. i do not want to be in this world anymore. i had what can only be described as a mental breakdown during the first few months of the lockdown, and i had to leave my housemates and return to my parents' house where i have been living ever since. my friends have now all but deserted me i tried to tell my closest friend how severe my depression is at the moment, but she just replied with i will get back to you about this when i am less busy . i am not surprised my friends have had enough to be honest. i have never been able to keep a friend for longer than a few years in my entire life they all leave in the end. i am also studying for my phd, but i have not been able to do any research for that since november. november. i have an important deadline of december this year, and there is no way i will be able to pull myself together to produce work of my normal standard. so, i have failed that too. i am just really fucking done. the antidepressants and the therapy have not touched it. i am still trapped in the prison of my own dark brain. alas, as the post suggests the only reason i am still here is because i am scared of death and what might or might not come after it. that is it. if i can conquer that then perhaps i will be able to finally free myself of this endless cycle of torture. i just want peace. my current reasons for living i am scared of death
i failed an attempt a week back and have not told anyone or really unpacked it. i broke down when it failed but i have been numb ever since. when i thought i was dying i did not feel scared, i felt relieved. i felt better than i have in so, so long. i found myself dwelling on whether or not anything would happen after i die or if my consciousness would simply cease to exist, and the thought of nothingness did not bother me at all. i cannot believe a week has already passed. nothing changed. i want to try again, but it is hard to come up with another method in my situation.it bothers me that i have to put so much thought into carefully planning my escape. why are we forced to live against our will? i would not have to resort to such awful methods if i could be straightforward and honest. instead, i am paranoid about raising suspicion and have to avoid so many methods that would be quick and painless simply because i cannot risk anyone finding out. it is absurd.part of me is disappointed that it was so easy to pick myself up and recover from my attempt. makes me feel like i did not get close at all. the other part of me is glad that i do not have any lasting symptoms. life does not need to be more painful than it already is.not sure what this post is supposed to be. this community cannot help me, but at least i can talk about things that i cannot normal ly talk about. failed attempt
i have made a video. it is the last one on my phone. i do not know what i am going to do. i keep picking up knives and putting them down. it just hurts too much. i do not have any kind of medicine here i can take too much of and i am afraid of hanging myself. i just need to die but i do not know how. i have two daughters not home at the moment i would never let them see me like this i want everyone to know i tried really hard. i cleaned up my life and i did all the things that were supposed to make us all happy for years but i cannot forget my past, i was assaulted at 13 and it hurts to watch these guys live their lives happy while i feel disgustingand i cannot go on. i was called fat, a waste of life and a junkie by the people who were supposed to love me most. i feel stuck in this thick mud and i cannot breathe. it hurts so bad and i am too old to still be hurting from these past traumas. i just want this here so it can maybe be located one day, the decision is not easy, i do not know if i can do it or my kids will be home soon i will not have them find me so maybe a hotel tomorrow night, but i cannot go on. i will not put my name i do not want to be stopped. but when they go through my phone they will see this. please nobody be like me, get help, i did not and its just too late for me. i love you my daughters, i love you so much and everyday i held on was for you. note to them.
it seems stupid to most people i am guessing, but i just removed all of my piercings and flushed them down the toilet. they gave me a sense of being more feminine.i think i am going to buzz my hair again, because it looks like shit anyways due to male pattern baldness. i am going to start getting rid of more of my furniture and give away some of the expensive things i bought. maybe someone else enjoy them. i gave away my nice baking stuff already, and my gopros. i just put stuff in the hallway with a free sign and its gone. i smashed my oled tv already, and my computer monitor. i need to figure out how i can get rid of the those now, i do not think i can just throw it in the trash.i have a date this saturday that i want to bail on, but i am still going to go. i need to stop trying to meet people, its not like i can use someone else to try to be happier anyways. i always hear that you need to love yourself first before someone else will love you anyways. i kind of hope the date goes poorly, or she says she is not interested in seeing me more. that will really motivate me to take care of this problem i have.i do not think i am going to leave a note. i have written some before but there is nothing much to say.i think the nice thing about having epilepsy is that i do not have to od on anything, i can just stop taking my medication and my body will take care of the rest. piece by piece
congratulations, you broke me. i have barely left my bed in days. why you get to run off and take a vacation i am going to cry myself to sleep every single day wondering what i could have done to fix things. maybe i should not have given you that space right away, maybe i should have said sorry right away but i was doing what i thought was right. now? i am just waiting to die. do not worry though, hopefully, i will stop being so scared and soon i will do it. what am i even scared of? who is going to take care of the animals? my mom will give them to good homes, i am sure of it. i could just give it a week and let you be alone, let you think , but i think we already know you have thought enough. that is why you are ghosting me, right? you do not want me. nobody does, nobody can handle my bpd or my outbursts. trust me, i cannot either. i am just waiting now for the free time, for the time when i can get away and do something. i cannot wait to be done with life. maybe then you will cry about me, maybe then you will realize that i loved you and i tried so hard. i doubt it though, nobody cares about me after all. i am just counting down the days until i can finally dedicate myself fully to ending it. i should not be so scared. i will get over it. i guess i am going to go take even more sleeping pills now. hopefully this time i will not wake up. congrats! i am dead inside because of us
i have made a video. it is the last one on my phone. i do not know what i am going to do. i keep picking up knives and putting them down. it just hurts too much. i do not have any kind of medicine here i can take too much of and i am afraid of hanging myself. i just need to die but i do not know how. i have two daughters not home at the moment i would never let them see melike this i want everyone to know i tried really hard. i cleaned up my life and i did all the things that were supposed to make us all happy for years but i cannot forget my past, i was assaulted at 13 and it hurts to watch these guys live their lives happy while i feel disgustingand i cannot go on. i was called fat, a waste of life and a junkie by the people who were supposed to love me most. i feel stuck in this thick mud and i cannot breathe. it hurts so bad and i am too old to still be hurting from these past traumas. i just want this here so it can maybe be located one day, the decision is not easy, i do not know if i can do it or my kids will be home soon i will not have them find me so maybe a hotel tomorrow night, but i cannot go on. i will not put my name i do not want to be stopped. but when they go through my phone they will see this. please nobody be like me, get help, i did not and its just too late for me. i love you my daughters, i love you so much and everyday i held on was for you. note to them.
i failed an attempt a week back and have not told anyone or really unpacked it. i broke down when it failed but i have been numb ever since. when i thought i was dying i did not feel scared, i felt relieved. i felt better than i have in so, so long. i found myself dwelling on whether or not anything would happen after i die or if my consciousness would simply cease to exist, and the thought of nothingness did not bother me at all. i cannot believe a week has already passed. nothing changed. i want to try again, but it is hard to come up with another method in my situation.it bothers me that i have to put so much thought into carefully planning my escape. why are we forced to live against our will? i would not have to resort to such awful methods if i could be straightforward and honest. instead, i am paranoid about raising suspicion and have to avoid so many methods that would be quick and painless simply because i cannot risk anyone finding out. it is absurd.part of me is disappointed that it was so easy to pick myself up and recover from my attempt. makes me feel like i did not get close at all. the other part of me is glad that i do not have any lasting symptoms. life does not need to be more painful than it already is.not sure what this post is supposed to be. this community cannot help me, but at least i can talk about things that i cannot normally talk about. failed attempt
i live in uk and last year was big because the end of secondary school and had to do my exams, my parents got divorced and all i could hear from my dad which i lived with was how much he hates my mum, how she stole all of the money and got herself a house while we rent an apartment, this really fucked me up and i just could not study, i was not even doing anything else just laying in my bed contemplating life, i did not fail my gcses but i only got passes, i was really happy to go to college because maybe i will maybe meet new people, maybe even a girl who i would shoot my shot with i have never been in a relationship before simply because i could not find anyone my type my plans for college were big, a level maths, physics and computer science, well nothing worked out and now it is middle of holidays and i do not have my placements, i do not have a plan for life, i wanted to go to university and get a physics degree because that is what genuinely interested me but now i failed i cannot do shit about it. i was suicidal for past year on and off, it all really was tuned down by constant nicotine i put in my body which i am glad it exists because i can feel some happiness. i feel like i failed already, i feel like a disgrace to my family because everyone went to university, i want it to end, i would not want to be born in the first place. 16 and already feeling like i failed in life
i lightly slapped my ex girlfriend in the shower two weeks ago because she made a joke about having sex with someone very close to my heart that passed away. it was a knee jerk reaction wed explored slapping and other things like that in the bedroom. she is calling me an abuser and that my future looks bleak. i have done so much work to be a better person over the years. i put a gun in my mouth the other night. i am glad i do not have anything stronger than a .22 i do not want to be a vegetable. its odd because in a way i am so peaceful but i feel like if i am such a horrible person then maybe i should not be alive. people were saying she should destroy my life. i want to feel good again. i actually am feeling good again. but there is something that says maybe it would be better to end it. i am getting help i want to meet someone i love. i really want to love myself. i feel so close but i am neck and neck with ending it all. this is not the first time i have been here. i never thought id be here again. but. i hurt her. i feel like i never even really knew her and i lost myself in her. i was already having some of these feelings come up when i was with her. she says i am manipulative and controlling. i know i am not perfect, but i never tried to control her life. i am not sure why i am even posting this here. i lightly slapped my ex girlfriend and now i think i should not be here
idon't have friends and it hurts being lonely.idon't really like people. everyoneimet is just not the type of personiwould like to hang out with and be happy.iused to have friends but never felt complete,iwas never happy and did not share their interests.igo trough myinstagramfeed and people are all having fun during summer. everyone has someone and looks happy.iknow people say social media is not real and all, butidoubt it is completely fake.ialso pass by mcdonald's and teens are laughing and having fun andistart crying becauseinever had that andinever will. latelyibarely go out because going out makes me more depressed.ilost all connections,icould try to reach out to someone but it is just pointless.istarted todaydreamfor hours. sometimes whole day.i'mpathetic. wheni'mnot daydreamingi'mwatching stupid videos onyoutube.ifiwould ever reach old ageiwould hate myself for this.ikid you not, if you counted hoursispent daydreaming and watchingyoutube, it would be in months or even years.ifucking hate myself.i'malsosociallyanxious and struggle withselfesteema lot. it is justtoo muchfor me to withstand.ican't take this anymore.i'vebeen thinking about killing myself everyday for the past 6 years or so.i'mscared. what if there is hell and it is worse than this and you cannot escape from it?idon't know what to do anymore.ihopeichoke on chicken. fuck me no friends, no personality, no hope
not sure what to do. i will go in alone, stay alone, come home alone, never touched, nothing changes. there is a wall around me no matter where i go, so i really should die. i am ugly, mentally fucked up, absolutely useless, and no one will ever want me again. every day, every minute, excruciating loneliness. death is horrifying but the thoughts will not stop. no one will touch me and i have to die.only problem is i do not want the hospital messing with my suboxone. they are abusive, and i take a small dose because i am sensitive to it. 2 mg would kill me. they will not allow me to take my dose, and i will go into withdrawal, or they will make me take a whole strip and torture me. i do not need chemical abuse on top of my problems, and that is exactly what they will do. they will not do anything to help because they cannot. no matter where i go, no one will want me, so i have to die but i cannot. i am going insane. but i cannot take anti psychotics because i still have damage from the last ones years ago. antidepressants do not work. ect does not work and i still have brain damage from that. i cannot stay alive and i cannot die. i do not know what to do. the hospital will torture me and i cannot go there but i might have to even though they will make it worse.what do i do? i think i might need to go to the hospital, but they will screw with my meds and i will have withdrawal.
its like the more depressed you are the more they shun and ghost you. i do not really have any friends and the only texts and calls i have got the last few weeks have been from my dad, who is the only one to actually care , and spam risk solicitors . i had a friend i have known for a few years and we use to hanging and talk on the regular . well in march he got a new job and with his fianc and son i knew i would not see him or talk to him quite as much. well its been 4 months and i have seen him twice for all of 20 30 mins each time. he never responds to my texts and calls anymore . we were supposed to have dinner a month ago bc i needed a friend to talk to. he knows i am severely depressed and suicidal, well something came up on his end and he canceled. have not heard from him since and he will not return any texts or calls. my mom is a very super religious woman who thinks god can fix anything . well even her christian ass has ghosted me bc i am always so depressed and suicidal . its like i did not choose to be this way. i cannot just snap out if it and cheer up. i do not want to be mentally lll, but since i am , its like people hate you for it. my mom is almost 60 and according to her has only been depressed for a very brief time in her life when she did not have a car for a month or so.smdhi fucking hate people and society people hate you for being depressed and suicidal
i am just tired. and i know those around me are tired of dealing with me. dealing with a failed marriage. those around me have distanced themselves to some degree because i have grown cold. my wife has given up because i do not show any emotion anymore. not the good ones anyways. i have been dealing with myself so long that i hate who i have become. anytime i have any kind of issue my first thought is just ending it now. its not just one thing that triggers me its anything. i have come close several times but always chicken out. being raised in a religious environment always pulls me back because according to my beliefs suicide is a cardinal sin that sends you to hell. honestly i feel trapt. i feel trapt in a living hell and i feel trapt in an eternal hell. i do not even really believe in hell but the thought is in the back of my head. the only bright spot in my life in the last six months is a really close friend who has decided i am not worth her time and has shut me out. it was nice being important to someone, but since she does not care anymore what is the point? why am i here anymore? what is it going to hurt if i am gone? why is relieving everyone is burden including my own such a bad thing? honestly i am one person in billions? why the fuck should i be punished for this? i am just fucking tired. i think anyone dealing with suicidal thoughts can agree it is exhausting
soo umm i am a 15 year old studying in 11th i know its pretty young and was wondering what to do..i actually am pretty confused what to do i am not afraid to die but even if i die someday i wish it to be quick. after surfing through internet and much more i came to a realization that only studies matter in this world..if you cannot study your life can never be secure and you will face hardships. the constant nagging from parents to study and them always pointing out faults criticising us... my parents are actually good it is just that on studies things happen.. they do not beat me but those petty fights and unknowingly pressurising me i many a times get lecture from them about how important is future and why i need to work hard for the upcoming years. the fact is that i know it pretty well but i cannot find the motivation in doing it.. i love my family a lot it is just that i am sorry its very complicated to explain i do not even know why i am writing this post. i am just unsure what to do i do not want to commit suicide or anything as i know it will devastate the family and i also have a little brother whose life i do not want to ruin by dying i change topics very quickly as you can see by reading this post its just like i do not know my true feelings..my true selfi am not able to concentrate right now and just umm never mindmy mind is going wobble uncertain about life
i am 15 m , lifes just begun. and i have already proven to myself that i will amount to nothing, nor in the present or the future. i am a loathsome, pathetic, miserable kid who has absolutely nothing going for him. i have no friends that i actually enjoy being around, no talent in any area. i am constantly disgusted by those around me and myself. i despise the world yet do nothing to change it. i despise myself yet do nothing to spark change in any area of my life. i truly believe that people like me deserve death, i am lazy, unmotivated, i have no reason to be severely depressed yet this weak subhuman garbage i have been birthed as feels like shit from sunrise to sunset. my incompetence pierces into every facet of my life leaving me unable to do even the simplest tasks, i can barely get out of bed in the morning, i can barely even brush my teeth. i have accepted that my death whether it be by my hand or otherwise will be filled with nothing but regret and wasted potential. i loathe the very concept of existence, i am so mentally fucked in the head that absolutely no progress can be made in my condition. my misery pales in comparison to others, my talent pales in comparison to others, my existence pales in comparison to others, my life is just a series of shortcomings and failures. there is no point in me living if i just taint the earth with my presence. i am disgusted
it sounds ridiculous because honestly it is but i am making a list of pros and cons of taking my life, i am full on serious. i have been struggling with depression for about 5 years now, meds are not that effective either, so the idea of ending it just seems more convincing each passing day. i am both failing and despising my studies already been held back a year and basically the worst med student you would ever meet , incapable of making relationships or maintaining the old ones, always irritated and impossible to be around. but most importantly i am thinking of doing it for my parents, they have been together for 24 years of absolute hatred and it is just geeting worse recently. they treat me like a third party of their marriage as the oldest daughter which means i am loaded with all their problems while witnessing my dysfunctional family at the same time. my mom always says that if something ever happens to us her kids she will finally divorce my father who absolutely will not do it and ever since i have been calculating the results. i mean it is kind of of a win for all of us, i will rest, mom will finally get her divorce, my siblings will live for once in a healthy environment, and father will go his own way .. they would be sad for a while i guess, but really that is the only bad side to it. its a win for everyone. if the pros overcome the cons, is it worth it ?
god this world is just fucked with the economy making it so hard for poor people to become wealthy and terrible rich people staying rich by garbage companies that we cannot stop supporting because we need their products i do not want to become an adult and have to live in this cesspool and no major political people do shit because they are shit i cannot do shit because i am a failure ah fuck man. the longer i go the more i come to reality that maybe this is it ill just have to get over it and become another worker in a society that does not care and instead idolizes human garbage. do what you love and enjoy life while i do not hate people who say that and instead wish them the best for wanting to do what they love its just impossible to do what you enjoy without having this huge fucking wall that stops you because ironically you need money to do. we have a whole planet to explore and even the whole solar system and other major discoveries waiting to be found and yet were stopped by stupid people that cannot get over the fact that someone is not the same race sexuality or gender as them. and here i am on reddit ranting about a dogshit world because that is all i can do its too difficult to have a voice in this world so all i can do is post on a subreddit that probably will not even get noticed. fuck this world man this world is so shit but we cannot do anything about it
i hate my existential crisis, people telling me what to do, corrupted government and the poor educational system. i hate how i get to have glaucoma and i hate living just to find ways to get a college degree and work. probably work your whole life until you die and i did not even asked to be here anyway. i did not want a broken family, an only functioning eye and depression. last thing i want to have is being depressed while begging attention and comfort from friends. this just show how vulnerable i can be and it feels shit. craving that attention and love because i am incapable of loving myself damn right. i thought life was going well but not until last night, i spiralled down again just because i got a degrading comment. ah yes an asian who has not achieved anything in her 20s boo hoo while being visually impaired. realizing how pointless life is, family, work, relationships and basically existing itself. screw supernatural shit, life and everything else. nothing is exciting. games, movies and junk foods that makes you forget how shitty life is. the food tastes crap, the weather is all gloom and if i could just throw everything away including me i would be happywhen you are a kid life is pretty colorful and now it is just grey and boring as fuck. guess what? being an adult means you deal with life's crap oh and be the bread winner too. why tf are we here on earth?
i cannot deal with seeing another kid being left to bleed out on the street, or another dog being cooked alive. i cannot handle seeing these videos play automatically, or randomly play the sound of these violent videos anymore. i cannot handle seeing another video of a person being sexually assaulted, or a kid drowning in a public fountain. it is driving me to my wits end. the second i see these videos i can not stop thinking about it. i feel so sick i can not sleep because of stomach pains and my mind racing, playing these clips over and over. this app is not safe anymore. i have nowhere to turn. i cannot handle this. and there is nothing i can do to stop it from making me feel this bad. if moderators find it okay then that is that, and even if i block the people who post it it just gets reposted. i feel so disgusting and hopeless.i know no one will see this, and i am not looking for someone to tell me that those videos cannot impact me, or i am over reacting. i cannot handle that.being depressed before all this sucks, having a history of self harm and suicidal thoughts actions sucks. i cannot handle scrolling through my feed and seeing someone spam that video of a snake being fed a live and healthy puppy in a god damn safe for work subreddit. i cannot do this anymore. the amount of animal and child abuse torture death on this app is making me want to kill myself.
22 y.o. female. i got a ba in international relations, pursuing an ma in communication right now, kind of stuck in a job i have a love hate relationship with. my mother us very loving, have had absent alcoholic father . for a bit over a year have been in a healthy relationship with someone i love. i am smart, pretty and supported while also seeing a therapist . however, i have thought about committing suicide on and off for the past 5 years. my mothers father hung himself when i was 12, i know my mother would be heartbroken if anything were to happen to me. that is why i have not taken the plunge to do it. some days are good, some are bad, some are unbearable. and i say this because i was born with a disability, which i am coming to terms with. its my own personal touch on a flaw, but it makes me wonder why i survived in the first place the only successful pregnancy out of four for my mother who miscarried . i know i was a wanted child, but i feel like, in the world we live in today, that is no place to raise a child in all aspects of it. no one asked me if i wanted to come into the world, i am miserable, upset and disgusted. at the same time, what is there to live for? these thoughts will not stop. thanks for reading.tldr i wish i had never been born and i want to kill myselfbut i also wish i could make these thoughts stop. severely depressed, i want to end things
hi,i do not understand why people want you to live even though they do not really care about you! i hate them because they project their ideologies on us. it will be better , do not be hasty , etc... no it will not! we are not like you where we have stable connections, or a stable mind, most of us are suffering because we have been deprived of a normal life! whether its because nobody in the society accepts us, or we have a problem with our brain that does not allow us to feel satisfaction! you just wants us to suffer more because maybe someday it will all be better you do not take into account that these problems affect us, not only mentally, but physically which let us literally preform worse! so, trying to convince oneself that it will be better one day is like a risky bit because we have to literally preform as good, or sometimes even better, than our peers when we have so much stress! not everyone has this kind of strength you selfish whore!you do not want us to die in dignity because you feel bad, and what do you do? you just tell us continue suffering without any safety nets! you are selfish bastards and i hope your life become more tragic than our lives one day to feel what we feel! fuck all of you who tries to act good when in reality you are just hypocrite assholes! why people cannot accept that we die even though its literally the only solution we have?
hi,i do not understand why people want you to live even though they do not really care about you! i hate them because they project their ideologies on us. it will be better , do not be hasty , etc... no it will not! we are not like you where we have stable connections, or a stable mind, most of us are suffering because we have been deprived of a normal life! whether its because nobody in the society accepts us, or we have a problem with our brain that does not allow us to feel satisfaction! you just wants us to suffer more because maybe someday it will all be better you do not take into account that these problems affect us, not only mentally, but physically which let us literally preform worse! so, trying to convince oneself that it will be better one day is like a risky bit because we have to literally preform as good, or sometimes even better, than our peers when we have so much stress! not everyone has this kind of strength you selfish whore!you do not want us to die in dignity because you feel bad, and what do you do? you just tell us continue suffering without any safety nets! you are selfish bastards and i hope your life become more tragic than our lives one day to feel what we feel! fuck all of you who tries to act good when in reality you are just hypocrite assholes! why people cannot accept that we die even though its literally the only solution we have?
i have reached my breaking point and i am at the edge of either killing myself, ruining my future, or running away to nowhere. i am a college student and the last thing on my mind is to go back to that hell surrounded with people. my social anxiety and depression is already negative zero, and me having to live on campus will make it worse. i do not necessarily want to die, but i wish my life was different or maybe if i could just be a normal girl. the only thing stopping me is my mother and the pain. i know suicide is a very big decision and is the last option for me. but i am being pressured and stressed every single day and its to the point i am threatening myself. i have thoughts about running away but with no money i would just continue being suicidal but also homeless and on the run. i wish there was a magic potion that could fast forward my life or let me sleep for however long i want. i am scared for my future,because i do not see myself in it. i fear i will end up hurting myself. everyday i am constantly depressed and paranoid. my college is big and in a busy city so i am always surrounded by people. not a day goes by where i do not wish to get hit by a car. i am not living, i am just existing at this point. the only reason i am here is for my mom..but once she is gone ill go right after that is if i can hold out till then how toun alive myself or escape?
i have reached my breaking point and i am at the edge of either killing myself, ruining my future, or running away to nowhere. i am a college student and the last thing on my mind is to go back to that hell surrounded with people. my social anxiety and depression is already negative zero, and me having to live on campus will make it worse. i do not necessarily want to die, but i wish my life was different or maybe if i could just be a normal girl. the only thing stopping me is my mother and the pain. i know suicide is a very big decision and is the last option for me. but i am being pressured and stressed every single day and its to the point i am threatening myself. i have thoughts about running away but with no money i would just continue being suicidal but also homeless and on the run. i wish there was a magic potion that could fast forward my life or let me sleep for however long i want. i am scared for my future,because i do not see myself in it. i fear i will end up hurting myself. everyday i am constantly depressed and paranoid. my college is big and in a busy city so i am always surrounded by people. not a day goes by where i do not wish to get hit by a car. i am not living, i am just existing at this point. the only reason i am here is for my mom..but once she is gone ill go right after that is if i can hold out till then how toun alive myself or escape?
i have written so many words and lengthy cathartic monologue's to myself over the years that they are not really cutting it anymore. the words i use are old and they do not quite cover my feelings anymore. i have watched everyone surprass me. i have been used up and discarded more times than i care for at this point. i have nothing but the storm of hate and despair that i feel all the time now. i am so angry and so lost. i have no hope and i have exhausted most of my options of self help. i can always continue and always survive, but i am not really progressing and i am not really becoming what i want to become. i cannot get a job, i have been denied university funding, my wife did not want me and i am stuck in my childhood home of abuse. i cannot seem to make money online anymore and those options are few anyway. i have used up all the limited help there is and i do not really see a way to proceed anymore. i am thinking that perhaps it is time and maybe it will finally be a relief rather than a regret. it is sad, but it is what it is. i think the greatest illusion i ever sold myself is that i was going to be successful. the potential was there, but it was too stacked against me and i guess i am not strong enough. at 33 with no income and no accomplishments other than small personal goals, i think it might be time to just accept defeat. the path grows darker
i am doing a little better than the last time i was here. i lost the girl i was in love with and i wanted to be with her. my worst fear is losing the people i love. i want to die before them. i have to die before them. even when things are not terrible, i still fantasize about death. how often do i think of suicide? pretty much every moment that my mind is idle. i have been on antidepressants since i was a kid and now i am in my early 30s and starting to wonder if i ever fucking felt a thing other than fatigue and exhaustion and other side effects. but happiness? maybe moments here or there. but when reality hits i am back in my default setting envious of the people who have completed suicide. wishing i was brave enough to trust that the pain would stop there. is not it tragic how many of us only find glimpses of peace through temporary means like drugs or sex? why is it so hard to be happy?i feel sad when i find out someone took their lives because i know how it feels to want the agony to stop, but jealousy in the fact that they had the courage to do what i wanted to but could not. i do not want to hurt the few people who love me but i think they can survive the pain of losing me. i cannot survive the pain of losing them. suicide is the endgame for me. its just a matter of what drives me to finally do it. even when i am happy, i am still pretty fucking sad.
i have posted here many times before. every time its been about planning to do it, but i end up backing out because i am a fucking pussy. i will not be hurting anymore. i saw a post a few days ago about mourning the child who had aspirations, who thought i would have done big things by now. that child would be devastated if they could see where i have ended up. i am going to post my note here, my final bit of words break. clarification for false devastation, drowning by days, by mids, by nights. yearn to cease from forced creation, rip the eyes, destroy the sight. come none without ulteriors had, theatrics claimed by lot. no word for such abyssal sad. to recall is best to not. grip lost, high cost candy for the brain. beg for one to comprehend frustrating, grating pain. fear too great, instinct still lingers, no knowledge of what is next. for all required is a push of fingers, the spirit has been vexed. though none of them can see, ill put the names anyway. thank you eddie. thank you blaine. thank you andy. thank you noah. thank you lex. thank you archie. thank you lily. thank you jamie. thank you claudia. thank you grandmother. thank you benjamin, and raven, and miss kitty, and mika, and kira, my precious, precious furbabies. ill see you max, my first kitty, my baby. i love you all. i have decided. i am doing it tonight and i am not wussing out this time.
i have a full time job working for a company who are doing great things. i have a boyfriend who is nice to me. i have a cat who i love, i have a few friends not many, but the ones i have are good i have a sister who i can talk to but i still just cannot seem to maintain anything even remotely resembling happiness or order. for as long as i can remember i have been so up and down in terms of my mental health, and it feels like mostly downs. i always get myself into this state where i am behind with work, i am behind with things i need to do in my personal life, i am neglecting my personal hygiene, i let my colleagues and my boyfriend down, i do not text my friends and family back, i let them down by forgetting big events like birthdays. i am really struggling to understand what my purpose on this planet even is and what i can do to get to a place where i can feel like i am useful or like i am not just a burden. i have been so anxious lately that i have absolutely ruined the skin on my face and arms by relentlessly picking at it. i just want to switch off my brain and stop existing for a fixed period of time until i can come back and deal with my life and get my shit together. i wish there was a pause button, but it feels like life is moving 10x faster than my brain and body are able to catch up with and i do not know how to function. what is wrong with me?
i have set a date for august 4. simply for the sake of irony, since it is my birthday backwards. i got the helium tank, the plastic tube, the duct tape and the oven bags. just waiting for the elastic chord that should arrive sometime next week. i have written two letters one for a friend and one for several other friends. i think i should try to write something to my family, but i do not know what. the only ones in my family i truly love are my dad, my only grandma and one of my aunts. perhaps one of my grandfathers, but i do not really know him. i do not love my mom, but it would probably break her heart if only my dad got a letter. i just do not have anything to say to her. so perhaps it is better to not write anything at all. my last will and testament is done. i have some laxatives i can take just before, to avoid making a mess. i wish i had some sedatives, but i have read that helium acts quickly. maybe anxiety will not be that much of an issue.i feel so relieved. so calm. soon it will all be over. i will not have to deal with being me anymore. pretty soon i will just be a memory. later on i will not be anything at all but someone who used to live for a while. i am sad i am going to have to hurt my loved ones. that is the only worry i have right now. i wish there was something i could do to cushion the blow for them. finally going through with it
hello all... it is the first time i am addressing this issue.i have been having suicidal thoughts recently. sometimes they go away, but they always come back.i dunno, i really doubt someday i will have the courage to actually do it, but i do not know if i am ruining my life in purpose just because of it. i lost a good job recently, i lost interest in things that i used to love, i am turning 25 in a few months and i have not done anything worthy with my life. i was diagnosed with diabetes like a year or so and i have not done anything to control it.i do not know... i am feeling like i am sabotaging myself. i feel like a burden for my family and i have been having thoughts like i would like to get hit by a bus or get killed in someway just to end my and my loved ones suffering. maybe they will be better without me. also if someone will cry if i die or if they will remember my face? i barely have any friends and i am not a very social person, so i do not think so. when remember my life i always feel like i am the npc in my own life. i am very tired of putting a happy face and pretend everything is good while very deep inside i know its not. i am just tired to even try... i am also a very closed person and i do not like to expose myself like this to my family or friends. that is why i came here... i guess i am calling for help. i do not know what to do.
i am not going to do anything for the time being. but what is even the fucking point? my body hates me and i am going to die young anyways. i did not even get to experience life before everything was taken from me. before it was ruined. i have never been anything but a useless fucking sextoy. i just want to die more than anything at this point. ill never be happy. its fucking bullshit. no one fucking helped me no one fucking stopped him. now hes dead without his family fucking knowing about how much of a piece of shit he was and now my entire life is fucking ruined because he decided it was a fucjing marvelous idea to rape a fucking five year old. fuck off i cannot believe this shit fucking happened to me the fuck could i have fucking done to stop him i fucking hate being alive knowing that i cannot take my own fucking revenge i cannot do fucking shit except for a painful fucking death because everyday i am in so much fucking pain and i am never fucking happy anymore. i just want to fucking die man i am so fucking tired my life is going to suck so much its not even fucking worth it anymore. fuck this shit i am so fucjing stupid i wish i really was a sex doll so i could have no consciousness or opinions on anything. i just exist to be fucking used i am so fucking angry when does this all fucking end jesus fucking christ do not want to do this anymore
i do not want to die but my family has essentially abandoned me. i essentially either die a painless death while i have the opportunity to, or i watch my life fall apart slowly over the next 4 months as everyone is disappointed in me, i lose my job, i get evicted from my condo, my credit score crashes, and my mental health deteriorates while all of this goes on. then i am living in a tent in the woods until i starve or freeze to death. i have autism and add and i cannot handle living alone in a city i am unfamiliar with. my parents kicked me out over my autistic outbusts and had me buy a place and will not let me back in. i do not know what to do. do i live as though i only have a few months left to live and watch as my life falls apart? or do i run before i see everything fall apart and leave in a half decent mental state? some people say to hold onto the chance that my parents will show pity and let me back in if i am homeless. part of me thinks that is not happening and so i think i would rather end my life painlessly while i have the chance to. and yes, i have done extensive research and it is very easy to have a painless death. there is something you can buy for about 100 where all you do is release it in an enclosed space and within 1 minute you pass out, within 5 minutes you die a painless death. life suffering with autism and add, or death
no matter if i am doing reasonably okay in the sense that i can do basic tasks, if i ever see a photo of myself, it ruins me completely. i saw a photo of me from a party and all i could think was how absolutely disgusting i am. i do not think i deserve to be around other people, ruining their photos and just making everything ugly. i wish, more than anything, that i could get plastic surgery, but i cannot afford it. even if i could, i do not think my face is salvageable. all of my features are just so damn ugly.i am an 18 year old woman, and the only times i have even kissed people have been when we are both extremely drunk. nobody has ever expressed any interest in me when we are sober. i wish i could be having relationships, like other people my age are, but i am just completely undesirable. i cannot blame anyone for not being attracted to me.i do not want to live when this is what life is for me. please do not tell me any platitudes like you cannot be that ugly or there is someone for everyone etc. i am sick of people pretending. i am a waste of breath and space, i cannot even work a minimum wage job because of my anxiety, and i have gotten ridiculously bad help from the nhs for depression and anxiety. i hate being alive so, so much and i wish i could just die quickly and painlessly. i hate my appearance so much and it makes living unbearable.
lord, or i do not know, if there is really a being high up there please grant me strength to surpass this ordeal. i have been trying my best, lord god. i did whatever i can do, i looked for jobs, i tried to change my life, but who knew that it was just a momentary respite. lord, please, this is not me questioning my fate, but if you really do exist. please give me a sign... give me a sign that i should live to see the other day. i do not know what to do, i have so many bills to pay, mouths to feed, and no one is helping me. the prescription glasses i have been trying to put off from replacing since 2018 has finally broken and it will take me more than 100 to replace it. the nft axies i just bought with the savings i made got hacked because i apparently downloaded a fake wallet and i inputted my seed phrase there because i am dumb waste of space that should not even exist in this fcking world. but i cannot die, lord, i cannot. i have mouths to feed, i do not want to make my parents regret that they made me, so please. lord, help me. i will do everything that i can. i only have 25 in my bank account and i never felt so helpless. i still have bills to pay, and the debts that my parents and brothers incurred is now my responsibility to pay, but how am i supposed to save others when i am drowning myself? amp x200b god, help. please grant me strength.
i think i am useless and i tried to kill myself on a concoction took 22 1mg xanax as well as 150mg tramadol 25mg diphenhydramine 150mg seroquel and lucky my older brother found me slumped and unresponsive where he called 911 and told them i was breathing strangely then i was taken to the hospital where they found a whole lotta drugs i had taken and for some reason the er doctor told my brother that that the marijuana they found in my system was very serious really??? this mans never touched weed before i assume anyway they found benzos because i took my whole script of xanax and have no recollection of it this was after i blacked out after taking benedryl and then i woke up the next morning with bandages from an iv and my parents were not happy though i do not live with them i woke up in my childhood bedrooom please do not mess with benzos they are extremely dangerous when my brother found me unconscious i was chocking on my own spit he turned me onto my side but i am grateful for what he did and now i realize how precious life is i was always depressed and found no point in life but this all changed and i hope somebody found this helpful i was near death and thank god my brother had a weird feeling to come check on me, most likely saved my life. overdosed today and suddenly had weird glimpses of my mother and my girlfriend crying and missing me
not dead, neither alive. i live in a nightmare with no way out. i just cannot take it any more. i had a bright future 10 years ago that was wasted because of misophonia. i cannot work or study because neighbors are too busy making noises 24 7. and the few seconds while they are quiet, i am wasted. i take 6 different medications everyday just to deal with the damage. it is like you having diabetes and people force feeding you sugar 24 7. there is no cure, i cannot take any more headphones all day long because my head is tired. i have no more will to fight, i kind of accept my destiny now. i almost had a heart attack yesterday and today because the fucking asshole upstairs kid was jumping the hell over my head, despite them having two fucking floors the playground bellow. we have talked with them many times, they know it. i do not hate them, in fact we are friendly but i have a trauma related to kids jumping. it all started 10 years ago with this kid's cousin. then, another cousin was born. and now, another. they do not live here but it is a fucking nightmare. i am a shadow of who i was. i do not feel alive. and i cannot sell now the apartment because justice in my shitty country only works for bandits long story, too painful to even say it . i have no money to get out and feels like someday my heart will finally stop beating. i feel like a zombie
my life was supposed to change for the better in two month but today i found out, that i will not be able to afford anything where i live because the money i have for a month, is enough to pay rent, school and if i am very lucky, 20 bucks worth of food for each week. i was supposed to get the money, my mum gets as child support because i move out and literally do not need to come home and use anything there. it is over 200 bucks, that would have helped a lot. she told me i will give you some when you really need it i will not be able to afford therapy anymore i do not know what i will do, if something breaks or i need something else besides food i thought this was my step towards independence but now i need to beg for money from my mum, while i have to be scared because i will not be able to save up for emergencies. i am crying so much because i do not know what to do now. i worked my ass off, just to get to this point and now this is what i get. i cannot even go and work to get more money because then the government will not pay me money for school and rent anymore.i worked through my worst depressive episode, massive anxiety and so much stress but now i wish i could press a button to disappear. i have no one else to talk to besides my therapist and no family to help me. i hate my life in two month i probably will not have enough money to live
i have been increasingly suicidal over the past few months. as i understand it, it started when i watched a video talking about suicidal thoughts. they said gt a lot of people have visions or fantasies of what would fix the problems in their lives. gt gt i do not have that. i really connected with that, and i honestly feel the same way.i had a really severe crush break up two and a half years ago, and i have not found anyone since. i have only had one friend in my entire life, and we do not talk anymore.i have never been on a date before. i have not even had anyone approach me or give me any indication that they are interested.i am 26 years old. i have been in pain for so long that i do not think a relationship would even fix it.if everything changes overnight, and i have an amazing love life and i make friends to support me, and i get married a couple of years from now, i do not care.i have been through two and a half years of hell, and now people start to notice me? why now?where were these people when i needed them? getting one date, let alone being in a relationship would defy all odds for me. in reality, though, it is nothing special. like, at all. people talk about dating like it is buying a new pair of shoes. it is over.i set a date. unless something miraculous happens, i will at least attempt suicide on october 14. i may die in 80 days.
you are reading this, so that means i am dead which is a good thing . there is not much rhyme or reason for me killing myself other than just not wanting to live. life just was not cutout for me, i was an imposter that should have been dead long ago. honestly, i felt as if i should not be alive, y'know? i just had this feeling inside me that said hey, what are you doing? you should be dead right now, do not you know that? i was not living life i was just going through the actions of life. i am not sad. i do not feel bad. i feel nothing. you should not be said either, it is not going to make that much of an impact. just donate my body to science because it would be easier. i would hate for you to go into debt planning a funeral or cremating me. also it would be pretty cool to be donated to science, other people can survive from my harvested organs, so it is a win win for everyone. there is also the possibility of the government using my body for explosion tests or something, that would be pretty cool too. anyway, i love you all very deeply and hope that you understand. this is not meant to hurt you, it is just easier this way. p.s. do not let anyone photoshop me into those stupid ass clouds or i will haunt you. also make sure you all have a good picture for my obituary, or i will also haunt you for that. sincerely, hey suicide note stupid rant
i just do not want to feel this heaviness on my chest. my parents abused, neglected and the abandoned me at 16. my mom's boyfriend choked me, the police said they did not have grounds to charge him. i got a full time job to support myself to be drugged and raped by the owner of the company. because i was drugged and could not remember him inserting his penis inside me the police yet again apparently could not charge him.2 months later i had nowhere to stay, so i posted on facebook looking for somewhere to stay and someone i met at a party allowed me to stay there for the night. the next morning i woke up and there was a gun on the table and they took my phone and fucking sex trafficked me until i was able to escape the hotel room they had me locked in.i begged my mom to stay with her while i looked for a place. her stupid fucking roommate locked me in a closet because i was there during school hours it was lunch break so i went home because i thought nobody would be there and she saw me smoking a joint of marijuana . i kicked the door down and i was attacked by her roommate so i defended myself and the police fucking charged me with assault. what the fuck is this fucking pathetic ass fucking life nobody gives a fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk about me.what the fuck and i on this miserable fucking planet for i really just do not want to be in pain anymore
i am typing this while lying in bed snuggled up with my cat at 11 47 a.m.i would say i am sleeping in but i have got a terrible habit of getting on backwards sleeping schedules, and i have actually been awake since 5 p.m. yesterday.as i lie here, i am thinking about how all i really want is to sleep and be lazy with my cat, having that feeling of almost about to fall asleep, forever. i cannot seem to find a purpose to my life, or any reason of why i am still here. i have recently started therapy and medication, and i mean very recent, i have only been to 1 session, and on medication for 2 months but even still, i do not want to exist anymore. the medicine has help compared to when i first asked for help, i am not in a deep hole constantly thinking of suicide, now i just feel normal but i still think it would be better to not be here. which then makes me feel guilty, since i am inevitably just wasting everyone is time trying to help me. i do not really believe in anything after death, but i honestly just want to sleep for eternity, in some kind of floating bed type void, because at least when i am sleeping i do not have to think about how miserable the world is.i guess i decided to type all this out in case anyone finds comfort in being similar to someone. or if you are like me, and kind of doom scroll through this sub. i just want to sleep.
i have been changing numbers constantly just lately among other stuff i have been doing or not doing due to this feelings that i got during a very toxic relationship, i was doin better before it but the shame and guilt i got out of this just took me many steps back into the dark i used to walk in. i do not really know what i felt, what i am feeling, i just feel i am done. its weird because during the course of it i felt pity, i felt scared, i felt sorry but mostly ashamed and guilty i still think i could have avoid all of this. i do not have any energy left on me. i used to be a huge player and the fact that i was reminded and worse constantly manipulated and tested and lied to did not help me a lot, yet i still feel this emptiness. again. its not the person and my mom blames me she says i am spoiled i do what i want but its not like that. i just want to end it. end all the pain, i cannot take it anymore. i feel like in the past couple of months i have started over and over and over and over from scratch and i cannot stand up again it just hurts so much like either its all my fault or i am just the victim which also somehow makes it even worse, like how stupid i need to be to be usedlike that ?i do not got answers to any of these questions and its been like this all my life. just different characters to the same twisted plot. i do not know
my father killed himself in 2009. in 2010 i found a girl who loved me and saw me through the darkness.however, i did not ever deal with my anger properly and 8 months ago she left me. she said it started with a reddit post i made 10 years ago about my lack of emotion that she found. then once i was drunk and upset about an abortion 8 years ago.i found the lump back in august of 2020, and i did not want to tell her. i knew she was already done with me and did not want to disturb what we had left.it has taken over my testicle now. i have spent over a decade waiting for this, i am so ready.should not take a lot longer now, i guess it should be in my lymph nodes now or soon. i have tried therapy, books and drugs. i have not felt joy since i met her but without her ther is not any happiness left in me.i cannot even have an accident because they would all know. this is perfect. natural causes is what i needed. i am not am attention seeker, i have never tried before and i would not actually do it. i have seen the damage suicide does first hand. i have lived it.i am happy that nobody will blame themselves. i am happy that i do not have to fake it for much longer.i am done. i can just wait it out now. the world really is great, i just am not meant to be part of it.i am drunk, i felt like putting this in text. i dunno why. i found a lump on my nut.
i am a lazy piece of shit, no other way of putting it. i fuck myself over a majority of the time, and instead of finding ways to change my habits i blame something else. do not want to do your homework? do not want to stop binge eating? do not want to organize your life? get a job? work on not being obese? etc. well you have adhd and depression so do not even bother trying to fix your shitty habits. its the same fucking cycle with me, i always want to complain about something to excuse myself. it ruins my life, i am essentially killing my self slowly. i have no motivation to be somewhat successful, if i want to eat another burger i will, if i want to drink another soda can i will, if i want to jerk off when i have stuff to do i will. killing my self at this point would be the best option, i am ugly, worthless, and all i do is disappoint my family when they have risked their lives just to get me a better life. all i ever do is the bare minimum and when i do not get constant validation for it i feel down, completely pathetic i know. but will i do shit about it? no. because that is how much of a lazy piece of trash i am, i am willing to ruin my own life because it gives me more comfort and i am fine with it. i am a waste of oxygen, and life. if i killed myself id be doing everyone in my life a favor i am worthless, and have no reason to live
once i post here, i feel terrible. after a while, i just have to do it because i cannot get it off my mind. it makes me feel like an attention seeker. that is why most of the time i write just a vent post . while i want someone to see, i do not want them as well. it is odd. i do not want to be an attention seeker so i delete it after a while. i am probably going to delete this after a while. i wanted to post this because i saw a post a couple week, days? ago, and one of the comments mentioned people deleting their posts after a while so i wanted to see if you can relate before i feel the urge to delete it again. i sometimes think as if i should not post here and feel guilty when someone responds because they could be responding to someone who is actually struggling and needs help but they are wasting their time on me and feel the necessity to apologize. the friends that i have are online and i am kind of scared that they would think i am an attention seeker or something similar. maybe they would hate me if they saw it so that kind of plays into the role of me deleting it. i am unsure of most things and often think i am faking it so i want to beat myself to a pulp. that is about it. if you stuck around then thank you for reading. hey, just a question. people that delete their posts after a while. is your thought process the same as mine?
my home could not be anything further than an environment i am happy to live in. sadly majority of my siblings have now moved out and the pressure is constantly on me to do things in and out of the house. since 2016 i have felt depressed but its getting to the point where i do not want to be here anymore. i say it to myself every time but what is the point of living if you are living for someone else... well that is how it feels i feel like i am constantly slaving for my certain members of my family, having to worry about what they want to eat for dinner and helping them with their clothes washing etc. its so draining and i have tried to explain this to my mom but she just puts up with it and does not care about how i feel. i am sick and tired of having to do this every day. i just want to get out but sadly feel like the only way is through marriage. its affecting my health quite badly, i have become unfit and out of shape as i never get to look after myself and i am in my early 20s. i have been so strong for a lot of years but i am getting to the point where i feel like if you are in this much pain every day then what is the point anymore? can anyone point me in the right direction or give me some guidance on what to do.. i also graduated recently and can do a masters maybe moving away would do me some good. your home is your sanctuary
this world is so full of misunderstanding and racism and ignorance and misdirected anger and stereotyping and generalistions. i am chinese and idk the amt of hate towards my race makes me rly uncomfortable and nauseous bc i feel comfortable speaking my language and learning abt my culture but bc i am in a southeast asian country, ppl expect me to ditch my culture entirely otherwise i am a foreigner even though my fam has been here 5 generations?!?!unrelated but also v related, i feel like i hv no home and no place to call my family, i am not from china but i am chinese i am from a se asian country but not se asian. idk who i am and being able to read english and seeing all these generalisations abt my race is so painful. it makes me want to unalive and jump out the nearest window. i like talking abt my culture and history and shizzle but my se asian maid detests it?? and hates me?? i am rly lost and hv no identity, i am scared to travel bc racism, i am shit at my mother tongue but i love it still, english is my first language but i am not european which js confuses me more bc what the fuck am i and how do i fit into this world of ethno politics. thrs so much hate and pain and anger and its all directed towards ppl like me who hv done nth wrong. why live in such a hateful world. bro idk this world is so overwhelming and i cannot fix it
it is been some time i have been here. i have been telling lies to myself since them. that people that love and respect themselves do not kill themselves.but i was thinking about myself. i have been locked in an in and out relationships for the last nine years. i have been raped during childhood, during adolescence, i have been beaten and belittled by my own mother. i have no money and spend a shitload of cash on depression medication. i talk to a psychiatrist and a psychologist. and i have been thinking. i am not a bad person. i have just been fucked up by life and by trying to help others. lately, i have been giving up to alcoholism. it is the only thing that helps me study to perhaps earn money and still be dissatisfied. i do not see an exit from my situation. depression is forever. i do not have what i want. but i do like myself. i do give value to myself. i do love myself. and so, i think why not just give up? why not take a superdosage of insulin or hang myself or something? i do not deserve to suffer like this. and the rational way is to kill myself. so why not? i have to think of myself first. fuck family. fuck friends. i do like them. but i have to think of myself first. i should do it. i really should do it. there is nothing wrong with it. there is nothing wrong with choosing death. i like myself. thus, i should kill myself.
i am exhausted. i have been dealing with my depression getting worse for the past months and have been suicidal for two years. the only thing that kept me going was going on a trip with my long distance boyfriend, which was supposed to happen in 3 days. however, he has ghosted me and refused to answer my calls or reply to my texts after such a minor argument, and i meant minor, we were both just in a bad mood. it was nothing worth ending a 4 year relationship. i have no friends since i moved to a new city relocating was honestly the reason for my depression , my relationship with my family is not too great, i barely communicate with them and i rather not. and now the one person that helped me get through my past depressive episodes is no longer here with me.i do not want to kill myself, but i am sick of living. i know there is moments of happiness in life, and if i do keep going it will be worth it, but i do not care anymore. happiness is so temporary, what is the point? things will get messed up again because that is just how life is. and each time something awful happens, it completely destroys me. i am tired of living like this. i am lonely but i do not want to talk to anyone anymore. i am tired of getting left. i am tired of feeling. i just want to not exist anymore. how am i supposed to keep going if there is nothing to live for?
hi, i am not sure if this is the right place to post this but i need advice. my sister she is 28f and were twins has been practically doom scrolling when covid began. she is been reading all of these theories and stories about the world and hollywood and the catholic church being corrupted and granted she might be right about these things but none of us know what to do anymore. her boyfriend is reaching out to my mom and i to figure out how we can help but i am walking downtown right now she was last seen here trying to find her, but she will not pick up any of our phone calls. and this is not the first time i have had to do this recently. she does not want to be helped, and says she is okay after doing this before, but then does it again. i am worried if i take her to therapy she will get stuck w someone who is pro covid ? and trigger her in all sorts of wrong ways when she just needs someone that will listen to her. we did for awhile but it was hard for us to hear about rape, pedophiles, animal cruelty, and covid vaccines being the mark of the devil all the time too.. what should we do? please do not shame her for her beliefs, she is hurt and has a big heart and just wants a better world. to dr twin sister is suicidal about all the darkness in the world, will not accept help, suicide threats getting more consistent. suicidal sister
for the last two years i have struggled with hardcore depression, which was only made worse because i feel like my life has been pretty great so why do i feel so bad. everyone else i know has been through so much and i think they look down on me for it. i dropped out of college during my first year because of it. two months ago now me and my best friend of 9 years stopped talking for good, and while our relationship was toxic looking back i just feel worthless. i am going back to school this semester, i have been getting into old hobbies, i have a dog which probably saved my life multiple times, and my family is pretty great. but i have no friends whatsoever. i have pushed everyone away or everyone is left me, i feel like i waste my days online and i just do not know what to do. i want to make friends so badly when i go back but she will be there and everyone else who has walked out on me. i am not medicated though i have been but i do not feel like awful as i have a few months ago. but i do feel a void. i do not ever hang out with anyone and i am just lonely. i do not feel like i have anyone to do anything with, and its been making me a nervous wreck. this is mostly just a vent post but does anyone have any tips on how to make friends in college or resocialzing after being depressed for so long? thanks how to make life worth living?
i have already tried to kill myself twice, once in 5th grade and again in 8th. as of right now i plan on trying again. my whole life i have struggled with my confidence and my image. on one hand i have been pretty good in life, i am not bad with women i think i am charismatic and i think people like me. i do not have a tough past or anything i should not feel the way i do about myself. i want to kill myself because i am wasting my time in life i am not doing the things that i love and instead i am rotting away at school. i feel like an outcast from my friends because i feel that i am more mature than them. i feel alone and out of place and i have felt this way my entire life. i always fuck up the shit that i got too. i had a relationship with a girl who loved me but my own insecurity fucked it up and now she is fucking my friend. that is all that i can think about how i fucked up and she is fucking my friend. i am a fucking loser and an embarrassment. i do not deserve my life i keep fucking up. i keep letting my height or my looks get in the way of what is important to me. i know i can move on but whenever i try i always get too into my own head and letting my insecurities tell me she will will not respond or she will think i am ugly and make fun of me. i am too much of a pussy and do not deserve to live. i am struggling with myself
i mean why. well you will die anyway someday, why you could die now if you want ? why it is considered bad and insane. in the past in japan for example it was a normal thing to commit suicide to remove shame of yourself and even honourable. it is ok to kill yourself this day too for some kind of protest. then why you cannot kill yourself just for nothing? even if you are not suffering much. just like i do not know as a form of shame. like i just do not understand why is it that big deal. all humans will die anyway someday what does it matter if you die some years earlier or later. all times it was ok to have honourable death. let me have it. i just see it now optimistically and not negatively. like you fuck up, you die. i do not know how to describe it but i see it now very optimistically. like i do not suffer that much, but still want to die for all things i fucked up. i see it as relief, as a salvation from all fuck ups. i know i will sound like a kid but it feels so cool for me. like the same feeling when you watch a movie with a tough good guy as a main character, who even when he is tough, he has his code like do not kill children, do not stab in the back, give a chance do defend himself etc. . like those codes seems cool. this thing feels like a code for me too, so that is why it feels cool too. why is it bad to kill yourself
i recently found out that people with adhd have a dopamine deficiency and it causes them to chase things that give them dopamine i thought i was just severely depressed with nothing helping but i am pretty sure i just have a dopamine deficiency because when i do get dopamine thru dangerous behaviors its the best thing but its always somthing super dangerous that is gives me dopamine i do not get it from things most people do anymore idk but i feel a little better knowing that but i am still stuck feeling like shit with nothing to do about it my insurance is going to expire and i cannot afford therapy or pills or any of that stuff i can barley afford to pay rent idk i also have bpd so my life expectancy is 27 most of us off our selfs and i am starting to see why its becoming more and more difficult to find reasons to keep trying. its just the same shit everyday and why? why is it so hard for me to do anything but other people have no cares and just do whatever i want to be like that i want to not care i want to feel alive but i do not! i feel hollow empty and i have tried everything to help but my mind just does not want to be here anymore sometimes i think about running into the woods and just succumbing to nature. i know it sounds stupid but some people just are not made to be here long and i feel as though i am one of them adhd
like basically every night i think about whether or not i should do it and the main reason that i do not is that if i do not die i will probably go to the hospital and go to like a psych ward or something and i just do not want to go through that. but i also vaguely like the thought of trying and not actually dying. would it be somehow cathartic to do something that almost definitely will not kill me but feels like i am killing myself just to see if i would do it? i used to live in a place where i could just off the building, but now my only real option is to take a bunch of pills. i collected a bunch of pills from around my house and have them in my room. i have a glass of water rn. i could take them. i do not think i want to die right now. idk. every single day feels exactly the same. last time i made a real plan to do it, it felt final. that day i felt that feeling of today, today, today i never actually attempted . i feel like i am just waiting for something to happen, for a day to feel different from the others so i can feel that feeling of finality, and just come upstairs and take all these pills. i guess if i actually wanted to do it, i would have stopped trying to do my schoolwork by now. i am so scared of attempting and not dying. it would make everything so much shittier. risk of not dying is the main thing stopping me
to preface this, i am disabled and my only access to the outside world is the internet, so i am sure my view of reality is probably a bit skewed. does anyone know if it is actually like this or is it just on the internet? i really hope it is just the internet.i see so much hate on men and white people. even when i try to avoid toxic sites ironic since i am on reddit , it still pops up. i see it in chats in game, in people's bios, it is inescapable unless i completely cut myself off from the only distraction i have. why is this ok? why does our society allow racism and sexism so long as it is against the right people? people want me dead because of my race and gender. people think my thoughts and opinions are worthless because of my race and gender. i just hate feeling like i have nowhere to go, nowhere that is safe, because i cannot escape this unless i move somewhere that is not part of western society. everywhere i look in mainstream media, people like me are mocked and ridiculed. i do not want to live like this, in a world that hates me and treats me like i am evil for being born a certain way. if they want me dead, they can have me dead. i am not strong enough.sorry mods, i do not know if this is too political or something, but i have nowhere else to go. i feel like society hates people like me and i cannot take it anymore
been doing this for quite a bit and i am down to almost 2 bottles of vodka each binge, only threw up a couple of times but this time really hit hard. like i feel stupid, angry and even more hopeless beacuse i could just drift away one of these nights but this was just hours of pain the constipation, diharriah, stomach and liver ache. so thirsty, but you drink you throw up. i was so tired but i just could not sleep it off, i remember all the heaving and pushing it was so hard to breath its like someone was forcing me to do a triatholon. i was like lifes going to suck without a liver. i thought about calling an ambulance but i left my phone in the other room. i think i called for help at one point but there was nobody around. i thought about dying here on the toilet in a pile of shit and throwup and i would take it but still not pleasant. i got up, plunged the toilet, and passed out with i am pretty sure my asshole leaking. i feel like more of a loser now, its quite and smells and i have to clean everything up. i do not want to drink ever again, just not worth it. probably going to be back to it in a couple weeks if i am honest. just wanted to share. heard you could die with alcohol poisoning but appearently its super hard and backfires as i woke up shitting all over the place thowing up with my liver feeling like it was burst.
so many people post here. you are lucky if you get more than one comment. a lot of the time people just upvote and do not even say anything and that is if your post is popular. normal posts have the opposite problem. maybe a few comments but no upvotes. oh well. i do not know maybe this post is stupid. i am probably wrong, i usually am. i just know that every time i come here, because i want to be with people that get it, i end up disappointed. and its ironic. because this community is here so that we do not feel alone. but it honestly never helps me. yet i come back. either to leave a comment, to reach out to someone i relate to, or to a make a post that i delete immediately. all of which pretty much leads to more nothing. more loneliness. so yeah i just had to say that. and obviously none of you guys will even see this. but i hope that whoever does has an okay day. i am still trying to learn to celebrate the ok days, myself. because those are my new good days now. i do not have good days anymore, but that is okay. i am trying to get by without doing anything to hurt myself or the people around me. if i manage to do that, then my day was okay and that is good. too bad, when it rarely happens, its still never enough. but at least its better than the bad days. posting here to try to feel better is almost as futile as living.
so i am 17 years old i am also a crippling alcoholic. i was severely abused by my mom's boyfriend as a child and to say it has left a impact on me is a understatement. ever since he came into my life and thankfully left i have not had one night were i cannot sleep without a nigh terror. because of that i have very crippling somniphobia i genuinely have the phobia of sleep. i also have zero friends whenever i try to talk with someone they say i am annoying or talk to much. i am very lonely and hate it. i used to be a very happy and caring person i did not think some people could be all evil. i am done trying to help people ever time i do i am manipulated abused and exploited. i feel like a fucking idiot for ever thinking not all people are bad. i am so sick of the world shitting on me. i used to think everyone had some good in them i was wrong. i used to volunteer and help people in need be i have been used and exploited so much i am done. i genuinely am done but i am to afraid to end my life. i was so kind to people i have been told so many times i am the nicest person ever by some people. and what did being kind and caring get me no where but being used exploited for money and abuse. where did i go worng in my life i have no one to talk to about this. i am 17 a alcoholic and have not slept without nightmares since i was 6.
some days, i would be doing okay. but desire to kill myself or thoughts always come back. its like addiction. i cannot ever get away from this shit anymore. always come back til i die. wherever i go, i look for ways or weapons to kill myself. trying to distract myself from these thoughts all day is tiring. my brain always goes back there. i just cannot run away from it. i just want to die. i am done. i cannot ever go back to where i was who i was. i was a happy kid. i always had good friends and people. i was happy but i do not know what happened to me. i cannot be who i was. i am no longer happy for anything. i cannot find interest or fun in anything. nothing is fun. everyday, i am just trying not to kill myself. tired all day. not drinking makes me feel like shit and gives me headache. drinking makes everything worse. i do not know what to do. my responsibilities do not go away. still trying to do things while thinking about dying. it is not working. i am done trying to get help from others. i know they do not want to hear shit or talk about this, i know they are tired of this me. i am tired of myself too. everyone gives up on me, then why would i not do the same. just want to go back who i was before all shit happened. if it is not possible, then i just want to die and disappear. always comes back, never fully goes away
i want to not live my life anymore. i have been an addict and alcoholic for many years now. it never gets better. i am in a never ending cycle of relapse and recovery. i am not a normal person without my medication. my mental health is shot. i am at my end. i keep using. i find ways to numb myself. otc meds. crushing them. snorting them. anything to get high. i hate being sober and i hate the brain inside of my body. i hate myself. nothing is bright anymore. maybe sometimes it is but i know it will always be short lived and have to prepare my self for the inevitable. perpetual sadness and darkness. i want to die. i would take all of my prescriptions and a bottle of tylenol and wash it down with a bottle of cough syrup so it would not hurt. maybe. idrk if it will hurt. i want to be done so bad. the only thing stopping me is my family and my boyfriend. i do not want them to think its their fault. they have been nothing but loving and supportive in the best ways they know how. i think of my little brother being so lost and scarred by his sisters absence. i think of my moms grief. i think of my dads shattered happiness. i think of my sisters anger. i think of my boyfriends confusion and guilt and loneliness. i want to die. but i do not want those feelings for the people i love. i would off myself but then i think of my family
i have no friends, i have no life, i have never kissed a girl and i am turning 22 this year. dropped out of high school because education in china is brainwashing, yes i am from china basically a psychological conditioning education designed to break you so you do not go against the chinese government when you are old enough to understand what is going on. internet censorship is increasingly restricted, could not afford to study abroad. i was given many opportunities to make a difference in my life but i threw them away like garbage, taking things from granted. i was young and stupid, chose comfort whenever possible. now i am at the lowest point in my life, i am tired of fighting, tired of not having the rights a human shall deserve, worse yet i am cannot leave the country because china is denying passport for ordinary citizens, the government keeps telling lies in faulty logic. ironically my english is way better than my native language, chinese language is really stupid in terms of thinking. i am really tired of admiring a freer life that i could never have. i am think i am going to say peace to this f d up life of mine. was thinking about seeking international protection, i was persecuted for being a more open minded person, but from what i have seen unhcr in asia is a joke. i really do not know what to do. i am tired.
i do not have anybody to talk to, so i am talking into the void. i have planned this for the past two weeks. not sure why, but i was really hoping tonight would be the night. for some reason, i just cannot. i thought id done enough to erode my survival instincts cutting, an overall apathy towards my wellbeing or life but it seems ill have to go farther into self destruction before i can. then there is the plans i made. i have got work tomorrow, a dinner with my ill grandmother the day after. how fucking selfish would i be if i killed myself then?tuesday night, i have decided. depends on if i have plans the next morning, because as terrible as everything seems, the once in a blue moon chance to go out with my friends is enough to shock enough serotonin into my system to last me until midnight.this is a ramble. i am frustrated with myself for not carrying it out like id promised. i am worried right now because i did not plan to be sitting here, on my bed instead of on concrete. i am scared because i lashed out at my best friend for the dumbest fucking reason and i feel like were growing more and more distant by the second. the last thing might kill me. i feel worthless. sorry for the messy writing, i just needed to shout it someplace that was not my stupid fucking brain. i was supposed to at least try to kill myself tonight
less than an hour ago, i purchased something online that will help me kill myself.they say alienation is one factor that pushes someone to complete suicide. alienation is what pushed me to make that purchase. it feels like i have no one i can talk to about my feelings.it feels like i have exhausted both the professional mental health services, and any friends i had. friends cannot take me saying i am hurting . they respond back with essentially saying i no longer have enough reserves to care about your feelings .i have no one in real life anymore to turn to. i have never made a post here on r suicidewatch. i have always been the one responding.when my order comes from online, i will have a method to kill myself. i feel like i have to take seriously the idea of if i want to kill myself or not. i do not want to do it impulsively.i fear that in the afterlife, i will regret wasting the privileges and personality that i have now. it feels like i am trying to find some philisophical clarity about when it would be right to kill myself, vs not.i wish that the feelings and pain trapped inside of me could be listened to without judgement. i wish that i could be cared about by someone. the trapped pain intensifies my suicidality. my emotions have become deadened, now. i do not feel much of anything right now. possible turning point
i went to hospital trying to admit myself, with self harm. i got stitches and spoke to the first clinician, there were no beds in the mental health ward so they wanted me to stay the night to try again the next day. i did. i spoke to another clinician the next day who no matter how many times i reiterated i was not safe going home, sent home home again because of no beds. i get that but being such a danger can they not transfer hospitals?i cannot be alone because everytime i am i self harm. all i think about is overdosing. i was weaned off lexapro 20mg in 12 days and started on venlafexine 75mg which hospital added another 37.5mg too which is only on about dag 8 of now. i know it is likely the med swap, i have got a long history of self harm and suicide attempts though and i am afraid. one side of my brain knows i need to stay alive and i deserve to live and have a life but the other is screaming at me to just give up because even the health system could not deem me worthy of saving... i do not know what to do when i have already reached out to professionals, family, friends... all my history is looking up what meds to od on and the amounts needed and the risk of failing or what damage they leave behind should i do fail.... how do i stop this it is so loud i am 27, swapping meds, and the suicidal thoughts are overbaring.
i am 29. i finally had sex, or tried and i could not get hard. i think maybe i am too used to masturbation or out of shape or anxious or a million other things it could be.but it is bad enough that my first time will now always be this but now i cannot stop wondering if it is a fluke or a terminal problem. i would never judge another guy for having erectile dysfunction but for me...it is such a struggle to fight back the voices telling me i am worthless, now to add this on top of all that. i could not live with it.not in an expressive way, i mean that factually. it is one thing too many, the straw that breaks the camel's back. i would been holding it all back and trying to make something of my pitiful life but if i cannot even be average in bed, if i am now that guy and...i cannot live like that, i cannot. i cannot be this shit at absolutely everything, i need something.i do not know what i expect here, if any response at all. i have looked into all the ed advice and falling down that whole rabbit hole of possiblities but i just need some support. how do i get past this? what if there is no getting past it? i have not been this close to suicide for over a year but...i wanted it to be good. for her sake at least. i cannot do anything, for anyone. i am less than nothing, i am broken. lost my virginity and my will to live
have been lurking around for quite sometime on this sub now. never wanted to make a post but here it is anyway because i really want to vent it out without being known.thought i would make a throwaway account but had no motivation to do so. it is so very difficult. endless rows of days. if not for my mom, i would have been long gone. she, literally, is the only reason why i am still around. and she has not been doing great, health wise. i am a sore loser. got no friends or people i could talk to or expect any emotional support. it is all my fault that things are like that though, besides people are busy with their own life.tried journaling. it did not work. at. all. when i revisited what i wrote it only justified my thoughts. the thing is i do not want to hurt my mom. we are not exactly a functional family but my parents love me in the way they can. that is more than i could ask for, i guess. anxiety and being gullible in general made me quit my decent and we will paying job 2.5 years ago. have not been able to get back because i have panic attacks in the interviews. my dad hates me now because i am a loser. i have absolutely nothing to look forward to. i hate facing another day and the day after that....day after day after day....i just do not want to do it anymore. i hate how i like the idea of not existing anymore.
i know there are people i care about who would miss me if i died, who would blame themselves for the rest of their lives, but it is so hard to care.so hard to care when i think about how when i am dead, i will not have to witness it. it will be impossible for me to care when i am dead. this is heightened even more because i do not believe in an afterlife. to me, when i die, the world simply will not exist anymore, because i will not be around to witness it.even if i have things to look forward to in this life, things that excite me, it is still so hard to care. so hard to care when i know none of this will matter anymore to me if i died. i live at a parents house, and i have no possible means of killing myself right now. i do not imagine i will until i am an adult and completely on my own. but i do not want to grow up at the same time.i am only a she will of the person i used to be, without my art it feels like i am nothing anymore, but i cannot draw.i hate seeing i cannot even get the motivation to watch tv.i cannot get over any of my habits unless it is forced upon me. no matter how hard i try i always go back.i think i am better than most people on this world, but i still do not feel good enough. i hate this world, and all of the sick people in it. and there is no hope of change in my lifetime. i hate my parents. .
i have been experiencing an increasingly hellish hell for many years and i am closely nearing the end of what i have the strength to bear. i have money saved to purchase a few acres of land in another state, but my depression, anxiety, and confusion of navigating the adult world has thus far hindered me in making this long held dream a reality. too scared of making a mistake, scared of risk and change, even if it is change for the better, something i know i want deep down. so to stimulate motivation, i have made a pact of life and death with myself if i fail to aquire a new home by the latest deadline of this upcoming december 31st, i will take my own life by opiate overdose in a motel room on january 5th of next year, probably sometime in the evening. it does not help that i want to die anyway. a death pact is hardly a motivator when you are already suicidal. it seems like ending my own existence would be easier and a more certain win than anything else i have ever done as it seems as though my hopes and dreams are nothing but shattered shards of failure and regret. i want to see beauty in life, a reason to keep living, but darkness is blotting it all out now. i hope things change soon. they have to or i am going to die. if my moving plan is not successful by the end of the year, i am killing myself january 5th, 2022
a year and a half of isolation. i already lived alone. over the months i started becoming an alcoholic again. my last straw was yet another asshole misdagnosing me at the va. after years treatment for ptsd after almost dying from a direct hit hit from an ef5 tornado that took my home and cars. i am not even going to get into that day and what it felt like but i am different and broken now. but no one dr says ptsd is inconvenient for him. of fuckinv course i have ptsd from that. to suggest otherwise is cruel. tonight i got drunk because i was sad i could not camp with my friends due to my insect sting allergy. i cannot even be outside like a normal person because 1 fire ant sting could kill me. you cannot do anything apparently. and then i was drunk bitching about something which my best friend took personal. maybe i was mad about something bit i cannot remember. i was so drunk i cannot say she is wrong. all i know is it is another serious relationship gone. my last straw was my beloved brother parting ways unexpectedly months back because i am just like everyone else in the family he resents. then i got pushed out of an online community i treasured for almost 2 years. i do not belong here. i have already broken things and sliced myself with my keys. i cannot go inpatient because no one can watch my pets. i am over it
i am sorry if this question is insensitive to anybody. i have had it in the back of my mind for a while that i would like to end my life, my only hangup is how it would affect my family. i am fortunate to have a family that cares for me, it is just bad luck that i do not want to exist for much longer. i am confident that the friends i have would not really be affected by my death, but my close family such as my mother, siblings, grandma etc would struggle i think. i want to die, but i do not want to damage my family's mental health, especially since my mum struggles financially anyway. it would also waste all the money that she is spent on feeding me and sending me to school etc.from my perspective, i resent that me dying would have an impact. everytime my mum tells me how she could not live without me, or how she is invested so much in me, i have to just smile and act as if i do not hate having this guilt pile up. when i am gone that will be the end of the guilt, because my brain and consciousness will not exist anymore, but idk reality will continue for the rest of them and i just do not want them to suffer too much for my selfishness.sorry, this got a bit derailed, i guess i am asking if anyone knows how suicide generally affects families if anyone has any experience with it how does suicide affect family members?
my so broke up with me recently. we were together for almost half of my life. i were always a very withdrawn and introverted person. i have lost my entire social network over the years. and now that my so is also leaving me, i have no one left. i still have feelings for this person but it feels so distant and cold at the moment. i do not know how to handle this emotional mess. i am not strong enough to let go but at the same time i do not want to bother them on their way to their happiness. i really want to see my so happy but seeing them happy without me just breaks my heart. i have no one left to talk about this. i feel like a part of me has been amputated. i have never been so unhappy in my life. if i just were more a social person i could have prevent this. i really wish i were never born. my so would have never met me and would not have to suffer by having to endure me. at least my so can now be happy. i can never forgive myself for being such an awkward idiot, sitting alone at home, prefer to do nothing out of fear to trust new people. i have not sleept or eaten properly since then. i hate myself.i wish i could disappear without an explanation.i do not know if i ever can move on.i will forever be alone, sitting in front of my desk, scrolling through the internet. i do not want to die but i wish i was never born
i do not know what it is with me. it just feels like every time i enter a public place a million eyes instantly stare into my soul. i feel like people are always staring at and judging me, even though i know they are not. i know people do not really care, but i just cannot grasp that no matter how hard i try. i do not have any kind of physical disease or look weird, i am normal ... but i just cannot handle it. if you cannot tell, i am socially anxious in real life, i am fine on the internet amp online spaces games and not the normal kind of anxious, but a genuine feeling of fear. around what feels like 20 of the time i am perfectly fine around people, i communicate without problem and feel great, but the other 80 i feel like i am going to melt down and explode and i just want to disappear to the clouds.it is especially bad when people around me are messing around and being loud in public spaces, i just wish i could scream into their ear and tell them to shut up, the attention or eyes is just too much for me. i cannot deal with this anymore. i am becoming more suicidal, but i do not really want to die, i just want this suffering to end. i want a solution that i know i may never find.i do not know what i intend to get out of this post or why i made it, i am just venting i guess. i feel like i cannot go outside anymore
i do not know what it is with me. it just feels like every time i enter a public place a million eyes instantly stare into my soul. i feel like people are always staring at and judging me, even though i know they are not. i know people do not really care, but i just cannot grasp that no matter how hard i try. i do not have any kind of physical disease or look weird, i am normal ... but i just cannot handle it. if you cannot tell, i am socially anxious in real life, i am fine on the internet amp online spaces games and not the normal kind of anxious, but a genuine feeling of fear. around what feels like 20 of the time i am perfectly fine around people, i communicate without problem and feel great, but the other 80 i feel like i am going to melt down and explode and i just want to disappear to the clouds.it is especially bad when people around me are messing around and being loud in public spaces, i just wish i could scream into their ear and tell them to shut up, the attention or eyes is just too much for me. i cannot deal with this anymore. i am becoming more suicidal, but i do not really want to die, i just want this suffering to end. i want a solution that i know i may never find.i do not know what i intend to get out of this post or why i made it, i am just venting i guess. i feel like i cannot go outside anymore
so today at work around lunch my girlfriend broke up with me and blocked me on everything and told me to leave her alone i had been holding tears back all day and the second i got off i got in my car crying, went to a close parking lot and i have been here bawling for well over an hour she is been one of my only best friends as well as my girlfriend for the better part of 2.5 years and i do not know how i am going to get through this i have already been having suicidal thoughts actions for a while now and i think this just might be the tipping point. and it is not just thoughts either. since i put my hand through a glass door and was minutes from dying and lost nearly all use of my hand, i can feel my thoughts vividly like driving full speed and just letting go of the steering wheel and many many more. i still get nightmares about that night and keep myself up most nights in pain. the paramedics, cops, er and trauma unit staff, doctors and nurses all told me and my parents that i should be put into intensive therapy and my parents never cared to. its been over two years before my now ex, who was the only one who really know and helped me so much and now i think its boiled over more than ever and i just cannot do this anymore i have no one and nothing left i am sorry to everyone i let down i cannot do this anymore..
i posted this before butnow i am really fed up with it. the last time i was angry, now i am just spiteful. hateful. you will get through it , you will get stronger , you will see it is going to be ok . yeah? well maybe i am tired of always getting through shit. maybe i am done always overpowerering shit. maybe for once i want a thing that i actually care about to go right. i have so... idk what is the word? un many things that i care about left, and even those always go wring for me. always. no matter what i do. yeah looking back 10 years later and saying damn i really got over it is cool. but you know what other kind of cool i would like to experiment for once in my life? enjoying the actual thing, not just fucking it up and then getting over it. maybe in 10 years i want to laugh because i actually did the thing, because i lived it and i enjoyed it. i want to laugh at the memories, not smile because i accepted failure, consciously buried that thing deep inside and moved on. bottom line is, i just wish for things that i actually care about to go right at least once in a while, and actually enjoy life, not just accumulate experience and regret over the years. i want to live while i am young. is that too much to ask for? is it really that much? i am sick and tired of life experience and always getting through things
i hate my family, i hate my sisters, my father and father argues and fights everytime, they tell me to be normal but they are not even normal, they fight everytime we are traveling to somewhere, everytime we go to countryside. they are even fighting while i am writing this. i have never been in the beach or hotel. because every holiday, even it is holiday we go to the village, i am not from here, i born in city, i do not want to g there, but every fucking holiday we go to village and they fight during the traveling. my mother, she broke my pc. my father and mother do not let me do something fun. one day my father came to the park when i was with my friends, he slapped me in front of my friends, when we were home, he said do not talk with those girls wtf? why i cannot talk with girls? i do not get it. i want to have new friends, but they do not let me. whatever i do they find something to be angry with me, when i am home they tell me to go out, when i am outside they tell me to go home, i cannot close my door, i cannot use my headset, cuz they say you do not hear us when we call you if i wanted to hear your damned voice i would take off that headset. i just want to have a nornal family. i want to go to holiday, i want to have friends. they do not let me have a girlfriend, i do not fucking care. it is enough why me?
for a long time now since high school i felt this way, i never was good at anything. i am 25 now i went to college for two years for a job i now hate, i make no money doing it i still live with my mom i have no freedom, i cannot move out due to lack of funds, went to school for another 2 years and cannot find a job in that field and i am still working this crappy job, my motivation for working here is dead i show up late all the time because i just want to stay in bed everyone i know quit here and moved on to different careers but iam the only one who cannot get out.all my friends lives are getting better and i have been in the same place for 6 years i am tired of doing this. my health is tanking i am getting tension headaches, my liver is fatty, and i am having pain in my back and other parts that i should not be having. i am just so overwhelmed by it all i am useless and i feel like i am out of options. suicide has never actually looked so good before i never thought about till these past few months if that makes any sense i do not want to die i just do not want to live everyday is just a dragging experience everyday i wake up and i literally stare into the mirror and just question my existence. i know its long and it comes off ranty i just do not know what to do anymore or even how to do it i feel like a loser
as much as i want to write out an essay on all the things pushing me over the edge, i will not go too in detail since i know no one would read all of it anyways.my last post was 4 months ago, and i was having an episode that i thought would end in suicide. a lot has happened since then.for a concrete and direct answer, long story short, the main accelerant for this is envy. an impossibly strong, vile envy. nothing will stop it. there is no exaggeration when i say it is been on my mind 24 7 since last august. constant thoughts of all i could have been have perpetually haunted me for almost a year now, and combined with everything else going on with me, it beat me. i lose, i give up.and if you are curious, what i wanted to do was art, and my envy is for an artist. i even got a drawing tablet just to feel what it is like to drag a stylus on a screen, but that is it. it is not going to go anywhere.all that is left is for me to build up the courage to take my life. and all i am hoping when i cross over to the other side, is that perhaps there is a good reason i went through this life.hopefully this is the last i post on this account, i am posting this mainly as closure to my obnoxious story. it was a rough journey and ultimately i lost. all i fear now is failing my suicide. so wish me luck. my story ended a while ago.
hi, this is my first post on reddit and first of all, sorry for any writing mistakes i am from brazil and i think that here maybe would be a place where someone could understand me. so, in february my gf broke up with me and we where about to get married, them i was fired and i only had money to buy a pc to work from home and to live with her for a few months, i did not get a job and the money was gone, after that i get a bunch of bank loans and my bill was like r 140k this is like 27k in american dollars . all the money i get in the bank was for make her happy, for all the pets that she wanted, the food that she wanted to eat even when it was expensive. i really loved her and after that, i just feel like i was just a thing for her. since them my depression only gets worst and there is not a single day that i do not think of killing myself. i just do not know what to do anymore, i tried everything to get better, but in the end, i just feel like nobody cares it is like people do not want you to die only for them do not feel bad with that but, i feel they do not really care, they just do not want to feel a burden when they are going to bed. sorry for the giant text and for some mistakes in english. i just needed to talk about how i feel in a place where i could feel understood. i just do not know what to do anymore
they are really cool and i am literally so alone and i feel like i have to, i cannot just keep sitting here and hoping i die, i also cannot just die and i cannot just cut again. this is stupid and life is stupid and i do not want it. and i cannot really talk about this to people i know, i wrote a message reaching out to my friends and it is sitting there unsent. i do not even want to eat. i have a binge eating issue and i have not been eating or feeding myself all week, which is really weird. i think i am really like giving up lol. i have health anxiety and there are a few things going on and i wish they would just take me out but they are like not deadly or anythingi'm so hungry and nothing.... nothing is something i want to eat, i do not want anything. i feel like someone i really trust is walking all over me and i cannot do anything about itis this life?? why?? fuck, i do not want it. the skin on my fingers are all bitten off at this point, i do not care. i might care in the morning but i do not right now. i am not even in my mid twenties yet and i want to fucking die. is not eating some sort of silent protest? it is stupid because no one knows but me. god i just do not want this, it is all pain, all of it. and i am going to yell into the void about it finally reaching out and texting the trevor project again
tldr i cannot stop obsessing and thinking about the pain of my breakup and i am getting ready to die so i do not have to feel these emotions anymoremy girlfriend who i loved and cared for deeply broke up with me. she was my only support structure as i have no friends whatsoever and a very unsupportive and non understanding family. she talked with me semi frequently for about a month after the breakup but i could tell it was purely out of pity. she started dating someone new very quickly afterwards after swearing she would not which only amplified the feelings of pain abandonment and not being good enough. she blocked me last night after i pissed her off because every time we talked i could not stop talking about the breakup, trying to see what happened and get her to tell me how she felt and what went wrong.at this point i am ready to die. i cannot calm myself down or feel any better. talking to strangers on reddit helps a little but nothing is replacing her for me. i miss my constant companion and friend. i miss voice chats and gaming together and i know it is not all my fault, but i feel it is all my fault. i am heavily considering to kill myself to get her out of my head and stop feeling all these feelings of pain. they are too intense for me to handle. feel like killing myself to stop the intrusive thoughts.
i am fucking 14, i should not be able to say that i have tried to kill myself on multiple occasions without lying but i can. i would tell my parents or something but lucky me, i am the textbook definition of a people pleaser, so i do not want to bother my already stressed family with my suicidal thoughts. i am not even sad that i am suicidal, i am just pissed that i know i am too stubborn to change. it is not like i do not want to change, i have wanted to get better for like 3 years but no matter how much i try or how close i come, i always end up being the same asshole who puts on a facade for everybody he knows so that nobody has to worry about him which only leads to him trying to kill himself. it is happened 7 fucking times, you would think by now i would try to stop this trend but whoopdi fucking doo i am unable to change and fetishize my own sadness as a result. i unironically said that i am happiest when i am at my lowest, which is so fucking stupid but it is not even wrong! god bro this shit is so fucked, i should be hanging out with my friends or studying or some other bullshit like that but noooo for some reason my destiny is to be the inevitable suicide case who undoubtedly will struggle with addiction of several kinds at some point in his life. fucking fantastic. i am fucking done with this shit man
this feels very weird to do this, but maybe i just need to get it off my chest. i have been struggling for a long time now with suicidal thoughts. probably since i was a teenager. i have a really hard time making friends and understanding social media so i often feel constantly left out. and on top of that i am an aspiring artist that cannot seem to get their career off the ground. i do not feel like a failure, i am one. no matter how hard i try or what i do ali just can not seem to get anything right. i have developed terrible coping mechanisms and pretending to be happy is not working anymore. i am usually the person that people go to when they are sad, because i like making them feel better. but i do not seem to have a person i can do that with. life seems so much easier for everyone around me. they do not even have to try and make friends it just comes naturally. maybe this is just stupid but i am really tired of trying. i just do not see the point when even my own family barely supports me. i recently had major surgery and ever since that day i wish i had just died on the operating table. because then i would not be alive struggling to be happy. i really want to give up so badly. maybe i am also just too pathetic to kill myself anyway. i just want everything to stop, i am so exhausted. hey, i am struggling
i take 150mg of sertraline, have a great psychiatrist, and i still want to leap off of this world so much catastrophe everywhere, how can i even be okay with feeling safe when there is no safety left to be permanently had? my kids'd suffer worse than i am if i have them. narcissists will thrive in the short term and create a world even worse and more desolate than it needs to be. i want to fly into the earth until i meet it face first... it cannot be worth inhaling everyone is air now when it will be a commodity for my friends' children in the future. i am a leech on something already dying and i will fall to my death no matter how long i survive. i really want to have a reason to live, if any of you can help me to figure it out... my death would hurt so many people but my agony is not going to be perpetually bearable and i do not want to make a bad situation worse than it is. if anything i want to be one less thing holding everyone else down and that is, at least, something which i could accomplish by hopping towards her core. do not miss me, do not praise me, just use that one extra grain of rice to help you solve our world's problems. please. does anyone want to talk? am i wrong? i am afraid and i do not want to feel like i have to do this. beat wishes, jo!t i cannot escape my fantasy of jumping to my death
i was pretty much suicidal consistently since 2016. i went through another breakup recently which again made me spiral. thankfully there was a therapy session right after. she gave me a lot of pointers on how to tackle my trauma of abandonment and neglect and general feeling of loneliness. and i went through so much shit in the past 2 years in my relationships that this session just woke me up from my slumber. like i am done feeling this way. i am done giving my energy to people who do not deserve it. for some reason i do not give a damn about relationships anymore and the very thought of it exhausts me and now i finally feel free. like i finally feel like i can live my life and direct energy to myself and i do not owe anyone anything. i do not have to spend time deliberating if i mean anything to anyone. i do not have to obsess and overthink, like i am over everything. i just do not care and i want to take care of myself and spoil myself and for the first time like i actually want to live!! like i want to live my life not giving a shit about anyone else or what anyone else thinks of me or being desperate for a relationship or some form of connection. i am done feeling this way and ever since my therapy i have only felt excited to live my life as a single person and i am so ready !!! finally leaving this group
these past few weeks have been... really trying. never really been suicidal but it is been on my mind a lot lately. more than usual. i do not know, i just feel like i have failed in life. i am 25, still unemployed, virgin, no close friends, still struggle with anxiety, hardly any family aside from my parents. i just feel like i have nothing else to give.i lost interest in applying for jobs because they either reject me or ghost me. been trying to get back into applying a couple days ago, but man, i just do not feel like doing it. literally have no money in the bank, and feeling more and more pessimistic about life as the days go on. i have usually been the person to spread positivity to others, but now it is like i do not care about positive vibes . i do not. i wish people could actually understand how i really feel, and why i feel like this. i just feel if i open up i will be treated even worse, or pushed away because it is too negative . anyways, i just wanted to vent and say what was on my mind. if it was not for my parents, or the fact i like to go for walks, i would probably be dead. i try to see the light at the end of the tunnel even if the tunnel looks blocked. the fact i am still here... probably means something. but it is been trying. very, very trying. just been hard lately. trying to hang in there.
recently i have had multiple things come up in my life that has made me think about wanting to cut again. i have not done it yet because i promised myself years ago that i would not do it again but rn i am hurting so bad i feel like shit almost everyday and no one seems to care or notice. its building up. today it got so bad my sister knew i was not in the best of moods and just kept poking at me and trying to make me argue with her. i gave her multiple warnings to try and get her to stop tryna argue because it was so early in the morning and i was not in a good mood and she did not and i just blew up on her. i could not hold back and i just took that as a way to let go of all my built up anger. i feel bad about it and i know it was wrong to use violence but i just could not control my emotions. it just is not a good day for me. i am sad. then again a lot of days are not good for me. i just let things build up and explode when i finally had enough. i am not okay. my house is so toxic i just want to take my son and go but i cannot because i have no career and i am trying to get my license atm and also in school. its going to take time. i wish money could just fall into my lap so i can handle my responsibilities and so i can get out of this toxic household. i just want a peaceful life with my son. i am not okay
if i did not wake up tomorrow, no one would carelife sucks. i work hard 5 6 days a week. i have had a lot of anxieties since i was a child and never had many friends growing up because maybe people thought i was weird for being so shy and timid due to all my anxieties. my home was very hard growing up. my dad was hardly home either working or at a bar coming home very late and drunk. my mom used me as a dependent and still does which is exhausting. keep in mind i am 33 f years old. my family bullied me physically and emotionally growing up. calling me all kinds of names and that i could not ever do anything. i have had very little friends and have been hurt by friends and even family down the road. it is almost impossible for me to trust people. i feel so unloved and so insignificant and small. every time i have always tried to do the right thing or do good, something has always come my way to destroy it. i cannot even look forward to anything anymore because i do not trust anything good will happen. i have gotten so used to things crumbling in front of me. i wake up most days angry at the fact that i woke up and that i want to end my life but am too much of a coward to do so. i guess i just need to finally bite the bullet and do it...... that is all folks it would not matter if i did not wake up tomorrow!
2016, when i was around 10, after a traumatic and quite rough first 10 years of my life with severe family problems i began feeling depressed, i got ptsd. i tried covering it all, deny it all and never talk out. how bad it all felt went in periodsaround late 2019 and early 2020 i felt as if there was no point in living. what saved me was 2 new friends and a long summer break that got me thinking of other things and away from my family, as well as a dog i loved truely. later that year, my dog moved away as it apparently had rage, still not decided if hes going to be euthanized, my parents split formally and sold the house. i moved from a nice house to 2 shitty apartment.this all made me want to kill my self, i planned how to do it. i decided i had to talk out, and so i did on an impulse. i took it too far to play it off as a joke and i not perhaps fully intentionally let him in. we talked, got help from others including my previously suicidal now recovering older brother. it felt better, for a short while, but now i am there again, i do not want to live, i do not want to talk out, i do not want to to bother anyone, i do not want to give anyone anxiety or something for no helping me enough when i am gone. i do not know what i am doing here, on this dun or on this earth, i just know i want to die never happy
i have always been bad at expressing my emotions, although as someone who has spent a great deal of time blocking them out i suppose it is my fault.there is a constant sense of isolation. i am not as important as everyone else. my existence does not seem as necessary as theirs. i am standing still whilst everyone else goes up ahead. i am sure they would ideally want me to come along, it just does not seem plausible.weeks pass by as i sit here purposeless, lacking the energy to do anything about it.no education, no aspirations. just me and my thoughts.there is one person, she is the only one who gives me any sense of hope. nowadays it seems as if i am burdening her more than anything and i do not want that. her happiness is what holds priority to me regardless whether i am part of that or not.most nights are spent completely restless and the ones that are not are no better, dreams of abandonment occur almost every time.then there is being raised in a religious household. whether the afterlife is real or not i could not tell you, it is still enough to terrify me. home is a feeling, and i want to go there.i am scared.despite where this is being posted i will not do anything drastic, not yet at least. i have been typing this out for over an hour so this is where i will end, advice would be appreciated. lost
a few months ago, around march, i attempted to starve myself on two occasions, as dumb as that sounds. i kind of always knew deep down it was a very implausible ineffective method. the first time i only lasted two days without eating, the second attempt was four days. i did it when i was home alone but both times i had to start eating again because my sister arrived at our place. i had to pretend that everything was normal so i had to let her see me eat at least a little until she left again, but when she did i was no longer committed and did not continue my attempts even after she left.in in a much better place now. i am no longer attempting suicide, i do not even know why i am writing on here now so many months after. i guess i had not even processed or had not admitted to myself the fact that i have actually attempted suicide twice now. i guess i just needed to get it off my chest. it would be nice to hear from some of you guys.looking back i cannot help feeling so pathetic for picking such a stupid method. i am not anorexic or anything, if anything i wish i could put on more weight. i have severe gastritis and heartburn issues so it really hurts to eat, may was particularly bad. i just wish i could eat without it hurting again i am tired of the chronic pain. suicide attempt by self starving twice
i am on mobile i have everything planned to stop existing. when to do it, where i have to go, how to do it, how to say goodbye. it is been in my mind for years, even when i thought i was doing better, maybe i was just fooling myself. my previous medication was too weak, but my physiatrist changed it at the beginning of the year and the new one could be useful for my plan. i just need to find the moment. but i cannot stop feeling scared. i know my boyfriend will not forgive himself. my family will not stop crying. my cats will not stop looking for me. my friends will not stop feeling sad. i will f up everyone is lives, i know that, i know i will damage everyone.but i am... too tired. i am tired of crying everyday, of feeling useless, like a broken piece inside a putrid machine. i hate this world. social media is filled with hate and despair, society is breaking under crisis and inhumanity. i cannot change anything, i cannot even change myself! i am still the same depressed useless thrash as 10 years ago! i just do not see reasons to exist anymore. maybe after summer will be a good time. i will give everyone good memories with me before disappearing. the letter i will write for them will ask them to not feel guilty. hopefully i will be forgotten in a few months. everything's planned, but i am a coward.
i remember hearing about this musician that got up on stage, played an original song called 'sorry for the mess' and then shot himself in front of the audience. a politician shot himself on camera right after a press conference because his reputation had been attacked and he thought it would be best for his family if he were dead. maybe he was right.my older brother had a friend named ed when i was little. ed lost his left arm in a motorcycle accident in his early 20s. he dealt with heroin addiction most of his life, until he finally got himself cleaned up. he killed himself with car exhaust a couple years after that.i was told a man in my extended watched his mom set herself on fire to spite him. my parents knew a guy who watched his brother shoot himself in the head at least that one was an accident.i am going to die someday. i want it to mean something. i can either die in a car accident and go down as a life cut tragically short, or i can pull the trigger myself and leave as one tiny ripple, one more small voice in the back of someone is head saying maybe this life we have built for ourselves is not worth the trouble, maybe we fucked up. maybe, if we are lucky, they will actually try to fix it instead of just waiting for something to change. maybe they will be stronger than me. sorry for the mess
ever since the pandemic hit, i ended up with a seemingly never ending case of ocd that is honestly ruined my life. i am constantly developing and working around new triggers everyday of my life, treating myself with self help techniques without any form of medication or real help, feeling terribly pressured by moving to a different state to begin another year of college, feeling happy during some parts of the day and then suddenly feeling this sense of dread that oh shit i encountered a trigger and now my life will be absolute hell all over again. this happens to me time and time again, resulting in a period of hours, days, or even weeks of mental collapse where i feel like i cannot do anything anymore with an open and clear mind. again and again. and each time too, i have been trying so unbelievably hard to stay sane for everyone around me but its so hard man. i know i will not actually do it, but suicide ideation has been on my mind for an unhealthy amount of time, basically every day for the past idk how many years but this illness has really pushed me over the edge. i fucking hate this year, and also every year that follows it as long as i am still like this. just thought id put this out there. sorry for the trouble. its insane to think how ocd has made me feel miserable for a whole straight year
literally no one in my life except for my boyfriend knows that i am dealing with anxiety and depression and feeling suicidal. i do not tell them because they do not care. like i genuinely know for a fact that they do not because my family is full of narcissistic assholes. anytime i talk about my problems they just lecture me. for example, i was just talking with my brother and a friend about a potential opportunity at work that i could take and make significantly more money... but i am reluctant to take it because it involves more hours and my mental state is so bad i can hardly get out of bed to go to work as it is. though, i did not even get around to explaining this because my brother immediately lectures me on having no motivation and how there should be no debate on taking that opportunity i started to say well, you know... and he says no i do not know. i say you do not get it and he says no i do not. no one would fuck you dude. no shit i have no motivation. you would not either if you spent nearly every moment on the verge of putting a bullet in your fucking head. funny though, i guess i should have more motivation to make that money because i had to put my gun in the pawn shop to pay rent and am struggling to get it out now. fuck dude. nobody fucking gets it. i am drunk and just need to vent
recently i started a good job at on the marketing of a big financial company in my country, i am 25 and i have 2 mbas, i should feel good at a job like this, right? but i do not. i have started 3 months ago, and after 2 years of being mentally fine, now my anxiety is trough the roof, my depression is apparently back with super strength, and i cried 3 times today, i have been imagining death for some time now. i am not actively considering killing myself because i have lost 2 important people to suicide and i do not want others to suffer for my pain, they do not disserve this. as long as i can, i will hold on.. but i really keep thinking like maybe today something will happen and this nonstop pain will end. worst of all, even tho i know this job is triggering this, i cannot leave, because i really need this money to pay my studies and to live. my best friend and ex gf is the only person who i usually talked about this crysis, but recently she had her own crysis and i cannot tell her about it because i cannot put her mental health in danger.i just feel like a little part of me dies every fucking minute and i need it to stop. i do not even know exactly why i am feeling this, but i want to stop so bad that sometimes i think about ending it all... i am almost at the limit of sadness i have felt in years
i have not had one day in the past year and a half where i have not thought of killing myself. i have cried until the sun rose, slashed my arms, hit myself. all of it. i am a guy that just recently graduated high school as our valedictorian, why should i be allowed to cry? i have tried getting help, prayed, everything. i wanted to be a trauma surgeon and travel with the red cross to the middle east as a volunteer surgeon.but tonight was the last straw for me. there is no one for me to go to. no help. i was raped by my ex girlfriend last year, but who would help be there to help me? i am just a guy after all. i wanted to do my part and help as many people as i could. but i cannot anymore. the road is so long and lonely. i have no doubt i would have made it, but there is no hope or point to it anymore.i have decided to hang myself tomorrow night. all set and stone. i cannot keep hurting like this any longer. i am so scared, but alarmingly calm at the same time. i worry about what will become of my mom, but i know she will be taken care of.i have read so many posts from this group for a long time now. it breaks my heart seeing so much sadness, and knowing i cannot comment encouraging words on every post. i hope you all find a form of long lasting joy. i love you guys. 365 days of thinking of suicide.
so i got a notification that someone followed me on reddit. turns out my boyfriend or whatever he is, commented on my posts that i had made months back. i was and still am struggling so fucking hard, he does not understand the daily fight to not end my own life. he says he feels trapped, that he does not want to be with me because he is burnt out. that is fine, my life right now is shit. my baby brother is missing, i practically have no relationship with my two kids with my ex, i have severe ptsd, he does not want me anymore, i am a horrible mother... i guess i just want to die, i am not wanted, i am not needed, and worst of all, i am not loved. no matter what i do, i lose. i cannot handle all of this anymore, i want to die. i truly feel that the world would be a better place without me in it. my kids and him deserve better than i could ever hope to be. i am such a fucking failure, i want to die. to get up every day knowing that no one on this earth wants you around or alive is fucking soul crushing. i have been cutting lately because of how i feel, people do not love me or care about me so why should i maintain self harm sobriety? no one cares if i cut myself. no one. not even him. at this point i do not know what is stopping me from taking my own life... god i want to fucking die. i want to die
my birthday was 2days ago, i had a brunch planned , invited people i thought were my friends.. no one showed up, i was so confused. had to throw out food , cake and everything. all year i have showed up for others birthdays, bought gifts for everyone i invited. the next day someone tells me some random person started a rumour that i was lying it was my birthday. i had to take a picture of my i. d and post on my social media to prove it was actually my day. i cannot believe i did that. i was already in pain health wise and i guess being emotional my health got worse. went to see my doc, he tells me i had to have surgery right away on my jaw or the pain would get worse. i was already in pain went through with it right away. paid for it with all my savings. i am an international student from a poor country, i try to reach out to my mom because things are too much.. she gives me a list of her own problems, my abusive dad abusing her. i had to send her money right away amp i could not tell her what is going on because how can i add to that . i am not okay . i am in pain and it is too much. i have just been wanting to end it all all day . i do not know hey. i am so angry that i woke up alive today i do not know why i am still here. i am tired god i do not know, think the planet is better off without me
honestly at this point life feels like a burden. i do not see a reason to live anymore. i am ugly and short. yeah that is my problem. and nothing in the world frustrates me and advices like groom yourself, go to gym, skincare, be funny, be confident, be yourself, change yourself. you think i have not done any of those yet? plus browsing subreddits like amiugly or amihot have depressed me even more because the supposedly ugly people there are so beautiful. i cannot cope and quite frankly i do not want to live a life where i am underprivileged.today was my birthday too and i spent it all alone. every time i see beautiful and nice looking people, i envy them to no extent. i cannot go out. i literally broke down while walking in front of people, when i saw people laughing and holding hands.people often say enjoy your life, eat good food. i cannot man i am sorry i have tried it and it are not working. like anytime i see someone happy i get jealous. plus people do not understand what it means to be truly ugly. please give me a fucking reason to live.to be honest i do not even want to be in a relationship now, i do not want hugs, emotional support or intercourse. i just do not want to live.if you will put wings on me and throw me from a mountain, i would become a stealth aircraft. i am tired of my life.
if i am being honest, i feel like everyone in the world these days has been at least somewhat blackpilled to the horrors of reality and the physical chasm of hell we live in. but there are many who simply do not have the faculties to give a fuck about it, or do not have the sort of intellectual capacity to understand it, and therefore it does not affect them. because of their ignorance or stupidity they are free, free to operate and live in their stupidity and are impervious to the horrors of real life because they are just not fully there. i wish i could be that way. awareness and consciousness is really a curse. when i see degenerate pieces of shit wreaking havoc on the world by any means to gain pleasure, i almost envy them because i know they will live out their lives getting closer to a hedonistic happiness than any actual rational person will. being nice and having morals in this world will get you nowhere...you have to step all over others and compromise your integrity just to make it in this life. the only people that are truly happy are those who are both evil with power and do not give a fuck that they are, do not know that they are, or are too stupid to see the difference. if you have empathy...you are fucked. emotions feel like a disease and life is a cruel joke. ignorance is bliss.
i cannot seem to do anything right. i lack awareness on all levels. i am bad at almost everything i do, i am just slow in general. i am 16 and it seems like i am surrounded by smart people even though the only reason it seems that way is because i am just such a moron. i am so self conscious about my intelligence that i can barely focus on anything without constant thoughts about killing myself. i am constantly reminded of my stupidity and i hate it. i am trying to do activities like meditation, yoga, cardio, rubix cubes, and other hobbies to get sharper. but its so hard to keep going because the struggle is way harder for a below average person like myself during mentally demanding activities. i have other problems with myself but there are too many to count. even physically i cannot stand myself, i feel like a disappointment to my parents every time they look at me. if literally anyone sees this, please try and tell me what i can do to combat this because i am at a loss. maybe a suggestion to boost myself mentally, because that would give me more self confidence. as i said though i am trying different hobbies, but if you have any testimonials from your own experience or good insights to my kind of situation please comment, i am starting to lose hope. i want to kill myself because i am dumb.
things are just stacked against some people from the start. i did not have a happy childhood, i was severely depressed and bullied hard through high school, college was a downward spiral.i am in my mid 20s with a low contact family and no real friendships. my only dating history was a year long abusive nightmare. my job is so high stress its causing physical illness. i have been so depressed for so long that i cannot even pretend to have interest in doing anything at all.therapy helped early on but its just stagnated, i have stayed alive but nothing has meaningfully changed. medication is the same. adding yet another to the cocktail brought me from being in constant pain to feeling absolutely nothing at all. i honestly think its worse. i want to kill myself just as badly, and i no longer have the constraint of being to exhausted to do so.and i mean really, what is the point? i drag myself through days weeks months of this until eventually i die? i have felt this way for 17 years . the best life has to offer is chucking pills down my throat to give me some false sense that life is not just immeasurable pain. there is nothing in my life to be happy or content about and i am just expected to numb myself into oblivion and pretend its better. i hate it. this is the best life can offer. what a joke
the person i have loved for 4 years who has broken my heart before did it again a month ago. he just lost feelings for me for the second time and i feel so worthless and like i am never going to feel as happy as i did with him. the last time it happened i spiraled into a depressive period that lasted 2 years. then i met him again and this time we were together for 2 years and he just broke it off and wants nothing to do with me. i fuck every relationship up with my insecurities and self hatred and i do not blame him for not wanting to be around me. i feel sick, have not eaten more than a few bites a day for a whole month. i do not know how i am ever going to feel that happy again and knowing he did not feel the same is killing me. i just want to disappear and erase myself from the earth. i am completely alone in a country that is not my own and i do not have anyone to talk to. i cannot feel like this again. i cannot sleep i cannot work i cannot do anything except think about how he thinks of me now, like something hes glad he got rid of. i know what i need to do and i know everything takes time but i just do not want to go through it. i want to die. i really do not see myself ever having a future. i have fucked up my life so much it is not possible to go back. suicidal thoughts after breakup
i have been in severe chronic pain for about 4 months. these ranged from kidney stones from lithium recurrent yeast infections and vulvodynia from antibiotics... from the utis... from the kidney stones and a chronic anal fissure also from the stones .i have been ddrugged out of my mind in severe pain from the yeast infection, it is finally starting to clear up, but i feel so much sadness. thr medical system keeps pushing and pulling me around. i went during what was pribably a kidney infection and crying and gasping but not knowing how to express my pain, and they sent me home and said i had a food allergy. i went for pain several times. i went to the obgyn er and they attempted to give me a pelvic exam, they did not end up being able to, because i screamed and cried to stop and that it hurt until my throat was sore and they sent me home with advil.i have not been able to see a doctor because nobody fucking takes medicaid. nobody believes how much pain i have been in. i just want to kill myself already, i do not tihnk i care anymore about anything. the urologist will not pick up the phone, the gi people keep sending me the worng number, and i have been on the edge of suicide from pain alone for fucking months.?when am i just allowed to fucking give up and die existential despair chronic pain
when i was a kid 4 5 my parents and my brother would yell at eachother everyday, some years later my dad divorced with my mom and after that the house is now inhabited by me, my mom and my brother and things got worse after the divorce.now they yell at eachother for the most stupid things, my mom insults me, my brother sometimes insults me, sometimes they trow plates at eachother fortunately enough they never got hurt while throwing them and one time my brother breaked a glass with his hands and he needed to go to the hospital i was forced to go with them even though i did not want to since i knew that they would yell at eachother in the car, and they did .my mom insults me for being an introvert, for my hobbies, she never taught me any basic thing and i am now trying to learn everything by myself, my brother makes me think that i am worthless and that i will not have a future.i just cannot stand this anymore, i have suicidal thoughts, i have social anxiety because of the insults and because they think that i am crazy for being an introvert, i sometimes self harm and when i am working to reach my dream being a an indie game developer i always think that i will never be able to reach it since i always think that i am worthless.i just cannot stand this anymore. i just cannot stand this anymore
i have suffered from pretty severe chronic pain for 5 years now and i just feel so tired. i have also been battling depression and suicidal thoughts for the last 2 years. when i first started dealing with my chronic pain i was still happy and optimistic because i thought there was a chance i could get better. but once i realized that the pain would last forever i have had a hard time getting out of the mental slump i have been in. the suicidal thoughts used to just happen occasionally but now they have become 24 7. i think about it every day. the only reason i have not killed myself yet is because of my parents but honestly lately i think they would be better off without me here. the main thing that helps me cope is writing songs and id like to release some of the stuff i write because i think its actually not too bad. but i am even losing passion for that lately because i just feel so numb. i do not even know why i am writing this or if anybody will even take the time to read it but i do not have anybody in my life to talk to this about so i just thought id rant here. i just feel so tired. i have been fighting a losing battle for 5 years and i just do not want to do it anymore. i do not want to die but i want the pain to stop and honestly i do not see any other way. chronic pain. i am tired
i am diagnosed with major depressive disorder with anxiety by my psychiatrist a few months ago. i take meds and i still go to school. death thoughts have decreased ever since i started taking meds, but everytime i do have them, i still seriously consider it.my familys not privileged. my dad works in another country and my mom works at a casino. my dads going to lose his job in less than 6 months and were going to be financially unstable again. he does not want to go to work anymore because he says hes tired. meanwhile, my mom says that she will be the one working so that she can pay for my education.and the thing is, i feel bad.i do not want to be here anymore because i feel like a burden. i was an accident by my parents and i really was not supposed to be here. people say i have a good life, but i am honestly so tired of hearing that. they do not know how bad its been for me. they can only see the surface of my life.i genuinely wish i was born into that privileged family. or a family with parents that actually planned having children and prepared for it.i feel like i would not achieve anything when i grow older because i do not have enough skills to impress my superiors. i do not know what to do with my life anymore. i feel like a burden and that i will not achieve anything as i get older
i have lived with constant invalidation of my feelings and concerns. i have lived with gaslighting and love bombing. i recognize that my parents are narcs and my siblings do not care. i still love them all so much and i cannot hate them. i have struggled with poor mental health all my life but i get shrugged off and all they say is you are just imagining things or you are just about to go on your period more accurately, if you understand tagalog, nag i inarte ka lang ... but i am not. i know i am not. i self harm, they tell me i am going to hell. it is much more stable now with my husband and kids but things are getting darker again especially after i got disregarded and invalidated once again. they never take my side because they do not want to admit that i make sense and their logic amp reasoning does not... i already wrote a will and letter for my husband and kids should anything happen to me. i want my kids as far away from my family as possible... i do not want them to grow up in that environment. people keep telling us to move out but pandemic hit us so hard. his parent's house is too small for all six of us. we plan on buying a house next year but i do not think i will be able to wait that long. i cannot handle this anymore. do not tell me to move out because it is not going to work
had to put my dog down earlier tonight. i was already in a pretty big depression when she started getting sick and watching her slowly and painfully deteriorate just killed me. i finally let her go and it hurts so fucking bad. she is been my best friend for so long, we have slept in the same bed every night for almost twelve years, she was the first animal that was really mine. i have been responsible for taking care of her since i was like 7. i have felt so shitty the past couple months and i already felt so alone, but yknow at least i could come home and she would always be there. she was the one part of my daily routine i loved. now that she is gone i just feel so empty and heavy and the weight of just how alone and meaningless my life is just keeps creeping up on me. i know i am not going to actually kill myself but i just wish i could be dead. all my problems would be solved if iwasnt alive anymore. i am not even afraid of death i am only keeping myself alive out of guilt of not wanting to make my parents sad. i know i am grieving and it takes times but once the grief has passed ill still just be exactly where i was before only without that tiny bit of joy and support that gave me some meaning. it just fucking sucks and i do not believe its going to get better. what is even the point
i am stuck in loop of traumatic thinking. i normal ly think about suicide at least once a day, but its constant right now, it does not leave my mind for more than about 10 minutes. i am just constantly imagining killing myself in brutal, vivid detail. for instance, one of the thoughts that keeps popping up is that i want to shoot myself in the head and its like i can feel the cold steel of a gun against my head or on the roof of my mouth and my finger squeezing the trigger, even what it would feel like when the bullet pierces my skull. and that just one scenario. in others i slit my throat or my wrists or a whole myriad of other things.i cannot escape thinking about it and i feel like actually doing it would be less traumatic than the thoughts i am having. i do not want to fucking be here right now, i do not know why i am, i guess i am just too weak to do it right now. i wish i had a gun. i hate being alive, i do not want to live. i just do not have a reliable enough way to kill myself. i hate my brain, it insists on feeling like shit all the time and never getting better no matter what i try, now it wants to traumatise me so everythings even worse and it cannot even come up with a way to let me kill myself so i do not have to put up with this anymore. my own thoughts are traumatising me
i am stuck in loop of traumatic thinking. i normally think about suicide at least once a day, but its constant right now, it does not leave my mind for more than about 10 minutes. i am just constantly imagining killing myself in brutal, vivid detail. for instance, one of the thoughts that keeps popping up is that i want to shoot myself in the head and its like i can feel the cold steel of a gun against my head or on the roof of my mouth and my finger squeezing the trigger, even what it would feel like when the bullet pierces my skull. and that just one scenario. in others i slit my throat or my wrists or a whole myriad of other things.i cannot escape thinking about it and i feel like actually doing it would be less traumatic than the thoughts i am having. i do not want to fucking be here right now, i do not know why i am, i guess i am just too weak to do it right now. i wish i had a gun. i hate being alive, i do not want to live. i just do not have a reliable enough way to kill myself. i hate my brain, it insists on feeling like shit all the time and never getting better no matter what i try, now it wants to traumatise me so everythings even worse and it cannot even come up with a way to let me kill myself so i do not have to put up with this anymore. my own thoughts are traumatising me
i have a very sick sibling. they threaten to hurt others and themself. the stories at this point are endless. my sibling once hid in a she would holding a metal rod ready to hit my mother. through a lot of reading over the past several years, i am fairly sure they are a sociopath. narcissistic traits, but low motivation and drive, impulsive spending, cannot keep a room clean, lives with garbage covering the floor, smokes weed while taking prescribed stimulants, only friends are online, oversleeps for work, resents most people, dramatic mood swings same sentence mood changes , lots of antisocial behaviors i.e. sitting at tables with legs up, not brushing teeth etc i have tried so much. i have tried being helpful in so many ways. nothing seems to help. i have tried just listening. i have tried being a friend. i have tried looking for resources. now, my other sibling and i have been avoiding our sibling as we have tried so much. going out more, keeping conversations short we care sooooo deeply about them but cannot find a way to help. everything we do makes it worse. our sibling sees our family as abusive and oppressive. my parents are not and have never been! they attend therapy but lie about getting better.what do i do? how do i help? what would you do? need advice! 22yo sibling is sick
i moved out of state away from all my friends a year ago and i still have no friends. i am in summer school but do not have time because of work. i work 8 12 hours pretty much 6 days a week. my parents are constantly hounding me to do school. i have dreams and hopes that one day i can have a family but i just do not see that happening. maybe my judgement is clouded but i really do not see it happening. i do not feel comfortable sharing with my parents or anyone. i used to see a counselor and she said that it was likely that i had depression, ocd, and anxiety. literally one of my biggest dreams in life was to have a family but i am socially awkward and have not met any new friends in the past year so i do not know how that could possibly happen. i met this girl online and i we were in a relationship but she recently said she did not want to be in a relationship anymore because she does not want the stress of being in an ldr relationship. she constantly talks about how ugly she is, and how she despises how she looks and feels. yet she just expects to still be friends without an issue. we always talked about how our lives were going to be together. i feel no hope anymore. she always opens up to me yet i do not open up to anyone. i am sorry if this is just rambling. i feel trapped and lost
you will say no people do, people do not, people can only sympathize or empathize. no one knows what i am going through and no one can. were meant to live alone, yes old texts mention that suicide is not a solution because well just be born again to face the same crap and the only way is to live through it. i am trying, i am trying to face the bullshitting people around me, everyone is just selfish and no one really cares about me. its only because they are either dependent or too attached both being their issues, not mine i used to be dreamy of an ideal life with the perfectly caring husband and parents who would be supportive of everything, they still try really hard, and it is only my parents that have kept me alive. i am sure i would not be here if they were not here. the sad thing is i am doing this for them solely out of pity. my moms been very selfish, really selfish. even now she only cares about the society and the norms and wants me to oblige to the demands of the times and people around me. the fact is i want to live my life alone, i want to do good to people in general, not just one or two people. i want to be with myself and not have to worry about caring for the selfish beings around me. i have been hurt enough and i cannot take the pain they offer everyday. no one cares
i have had these thoughts for a month now... i know that it is not much but it just keeps getting worse..i am transgender, so at the start they were just really strong gender dysphoria... but then i started... remembering all the bad things that i did... i hurted a lot of people in my life, both phisically and mentally... i deserve all this suffering, really. i do not blame the people who mock me for that, really. every single thing that i do is either futile or leads to me hurting someone. as i said before, i hurted a lot of people in my life... and i do not want to do this anymore.. i want them to be happy. i want them to live a beautiful life... a life that i somehow limited...it is all my fault, really. no one deserves to suffer. no one. exept me. i know it. so the only thing that i want to say to them is i am sorry . for everything that i did.i hope they can live. they need to. after all, i took away things from them... it is only fair for me to suffer, while they enjoy living... right? every thing that they do is justified, i know. it is not bullying, absolutely not, i deserve it... right...?i do not know what to do anymore... i am not ready for this... it happened all too quickly... i... should just die, and stop making everyone,myself included, suffering... right? i am sorry
thought checking into the hospital would help but it did nothing. all they did was put me on a horrid medication that gave me a horrifying reaction so i had to stop taking after a week. i was going to go to school this semester, but unfortunately i have to be able to afford the payment for all my classes tomorrow and i am clean out of money. do not have a job, do not have a skill, do not have a future other than being a slave and wishing i could die everyday. i am just an angry, demotivated piece of snot oozing my way down the walls of my room towards the rock bottom. i wish i could find a way to make money off of music but unfortunately that is nigh impossible to do for practically anyone, so that is another dream fucked by the disgusting planet we live on. going to do some research and finally get myself some actual help by ending my pointless, miserable existence. at this point it seems that is the only help i can stand to gain anymore. my life, and everything i do and try is meaningless. everything i put effort into fails. every passion i have fades away. every love i share is torn apart. i am sick of the rollercoaster, i am sick of losing all the time. no more of this. i am gone. finding the easiest, most reliable and most painless way i can, and then i am out, fuck this shit.
got very drunk and hit my head pretty hard a few days ago, because of that i was a massive burden on my family.i decided to live for the sake of my family, they cannot get nothing done without me anyway so i doubt they would manage without me haha. my car is super duper illegal and i do not want to drive the little dude in winter, so my beloved little mazda will be getting a full tank of premium only fuel without any ethanol in it and some fuel stabilizer, i will be fogging up the cylinders too.it will be up on jack stands for at least a year until then i will be doing things on it slowly but surely and once i am financially secure again i will be bribing some inspectors to get it legal.i got no idea what is up, exactly but somehow hitting my head and playing lots of yakuza beforehand has helped my depression, maybe more the yakuza part as majima has somehow become my most favorite fictional character.either way, i somehow got out of something i was sure would end fatally, i will just have to endure having to listen to the story of how i almost choked on my vomit for the next 10 years.anyway i hope you all have a good one, it is time for this account to end as its name does not apply anymore and it is also time for me to find some econobox.cheers. looks like i am sticking around
i have been thinking i am a complete waist of space lately cannot find a job that pays well i have no prospects at all. i do not want to just be another cog in the machine. am tired of this world and its inequality. i cannot make ends meet debt just keeps mounting up i have to juggle what bills to pay from one month to the next. am 32 and if i have got another 40 years of this shit to put up with i do not want it. i was also just hanging on from having a mental breakdown so i went and done a long distance walk. i came back and slowly started to become depressed again. i met a woman and even tho i only seen her for 4 weeks i loved her from the moment i saw her dove right in feet first. total fool that i am. we had the smallest of fallouts and i have been given a two week break to better myself. but all its done is bring everything i previously thought about myself to the surface again. so the doctor prescribed me prozac. i really thought it would stop me crying and feeling sorry for myself. but i have reached a point today i have started looking for the best way to end it. how the hell i still feel anything after starting these tablets is beyond me i literally cannot stop crying and am on prozac i thought this would have numbed my feelings but i have cried since sunday last week.
i had the messiest life for so long. i have been diagnosed with a plethora of things over the last year. i treated myself so horribly and was so casually suicidal in everything i did for so long. i was doing way too many drugs, letting other people use my body, and trying to do anything reckless to maybe die that night. just about two years ago, i had a breakthrough. i started liking myself more, set up two incredibly strong and supportive friendships, begun seeing the best therapist i have ever talked with, and started the most stable and healthy relationship i have ever been in.since march i have gotten bad again. all i want is to die and stop experiencing all the flashbacks from trauma and the fervent self hatred. my friends and boyfriend have all verbally confirmed they love me and want to help. even my parents have agreed to see someone over the last year and are trying to heal some serious childhood trauma. everyone wants to help. everyone says they love me. i simply cannot believe them. i have felt the exact same for so long. when i have had nothing and no one, and when i have absolutely everything. i think i just might be too damaged and used to being sad to ever feel happy. no matter how good things get, i feel like i want out. i should have no reason to feel like this
i need supportive people in order to recover, but my trauma takes everyone away. those who have stuck with me have become so used to my crying and panics, that there is nothing they can do or say any more. they tell me to keep trying, that it will get better, that i can do this but i cannot do it on my own. i need people to talk to me and comfort me, but everyone backs away when my pain is at its worst. i know it must get exhausting to reassure me when things fall apart, but then please quit telling me to keep trying. please quit telling me i can do it. i am in so much pain, i do not want to keep doing this. i do not want to keep trying. i do not want to stay here for longer. sometimes i am hurting so much, it causes people to ignore me or leave for good. i cannot handle any more abandonment or rejection. i am alone right now, my pain is extreme, and i am alone. i have no one here. i am alone. i am going to die by myself.i have had professional help, and it feels like those experiences have only set me further back. so then, i do not know who i can trust any more or what i can do to get better. i have tried so much but my health only gets worse. i will be trapped in these memories forever. just let me go. i cannot take this any longer. i cannot handle how isolating my trauma is
nowadays, my friends, it is hard to find the warrior spirit anymore. people have forgotten. it is indeed too much to ask for a noble because to die for. we immerse ourselves in pleasures and delights that do not give us the long awaited glory. we have been enslaved, broken, bent. i do not want to die an old frail man into this absurd circus that the world has become. me and a few left still have the old spirit. but to die at war nowadays is not what it once was. we die for politicians that do not care for us. for the rich. if it was for me, i would put them all to the sword. i want to die. but first, i need to achieve glory. but what is glory nowadays? what do we worship? what do we do when confronted by this question? sex? worthless temporary pleasure. drinking and taking drugs? temporary, again. what unites are an action? what is the utmost answer to these pathetic clowns that they throw at us? this day and age, i cannot die for my country as i do not believe in it nowadays, even if i do believe in our spirit. i will have to end it all in some years, before i reach full maturity . i will die. i will die, indeed. i crave for death so much. but still. there are things to do, still, in this world. in order to achieve enough to be able to die. glorious death in this day and age.
i got covid around 6 7 months ago. and i was so fucking happy ironically. i have always hoped id get some type of illness virus disease that would kill me. and i thought id finally got that. a way out that would not hurt my family or friends or make them disappointed. i was ridiculously unhealthy at the time when i got it, smoking 2 packs a day, drinking copious amount of coffee, barely getting any sleep, diet did not exist etc. and all covid fucking did to me was give me a headache, sore glands, a little cough, make me lose smell and taste. and then i got better in like 3 days. fuck this stupid deadly fucking virus. fucking useless fuck. all i am left with now is long term symptoms that are helping to drive me closer to killing myself everyday. and i cannot kill myself because i am to much of a fucking coward. every time i get into that mindset and convince myself to do it, i keep thinking of the pain my mom would go through, my dad, my friends, etc. it makes me feel fucking selfish. and the guilt i feel is even worse.but i cannot keep doing this, living this existence. i know i am living for others. and i know that will never change. i know ill never be strong enough to kill myself. here is to a futile existence of living for the sake of others. fuck covid for not killing me
so i do not really know why it even matters to me. it is pretty fucked regardless of what you call it. it is just something i struggle to not think about. i have done a lot of vaguely suicidal stuff in my life but only in the past year or two has anything that is genuinely bothered me afterwards happened.so there are really only two events i struggle to categorize. both were extremely similar in form, but the thought behind them was different. the first i really would not categorize as an attempt. i was really just testing my method. i went until shortly before the point of no return and stopped. just to see if it really worked like it was supposed to.the second time i do not really know what to think of. i went in with the intention of dying. i expected to not have the courage to go through with it. i had hoped that in the moment the fear would be less strong than i expected and i would just do it. much like the first time i stopped myself. both of these happened long enough ago that i feel somewhat separated from them. i am in a tenuously better situation right now but this question has been weighing on me a little bit. i have not talked about this with anyone before. idk, maybe it is just bothering me because i am the only one that knows. what constitutes a suicide attempt?
you are at a park. on a picnic table, you see a small plastic cup, filled to the brim with a bright orange substance that appears to be thick and opaque. upon coming closer to the cup, you realise that this substance is obviously hot buffalo sauce. you keep approaching the cup. what happens next leaves you shocked. the sauce shoots out of the top of the cup, in a perfectly straight cylinder, up into the sky. it is completely silent, and yet there is now an ever rising strange cylinder of hot buffalo sauce being created. the sauce appears perfectly stationary within itself, with the only things changing being its height. you cannot see any barrier that is keeping the sauce so straight. it appears as if it has a will of its own that allows it to maintain this shape. it is been several minutes, and you cannot see the top of the cylinder. you wonder, what will happen if i touch the cylinder? will it collapse? will it remain in place? you are not sure, but you think that if you can knock out the base of the cylinder, the rest of it might collapse. or perhaps the stream of sauce would put a hole through your hand. or perhaps you would be shot up into the sky along with the sauce.you have also recently wanted to fucking die. how would you use this situation to kill yourself? sauicide
i left my job recently, where i found out my boss was seducing his teenage employees a couple years ago i dropped out of college because i was having severe mental issues like depression, delusions, hearing shit in my head, bad relationships had quite a few shitty jobs that treated me like shit abandonment issues from friendships and family relationships through the years... idk it is all just coming forth in my mind all at oncei cannot get myself to see a therapist because i do not want to start another relationship with someone and try to dig into shit when i just want immediate solutions. i do not see a future for myself, everyone fucking hates me and gives nothing in return... i ask for help... nothing. and now my career is fucking ruined from my last job... i cannot even work in the same field, which is what i have been doing all my working life, otherwise i have meltdowns just thinking about iti'm even engaged, but i just feel like such a fucking burden.i think i am just ready. it is time to go. there are much better people out in the world that are more capable than me, i am just another one to stop the chain of depressed alcoholic addicts in the food chain. good riddance i have never actually committed to the idea of actually following through, until earlier this week
everyone around me can see how depressed i am. i cannot shake it. i honestly just hit rock bottom and i know this is it for me. i cannot even pretend to care anymore. i starve myself because i feel like i do not deserve to eat i am such a mistake. i have been getting drunk a lot to avoid getting back on drugs... my depression is bad... so bad it scares the ppl around me. i think they know time is running up and the door is about to close forever. i have no friends. which sucks when everyone tells me i am too attractive to not have friends.... whatever tf that means but i do not have friends and i honestly get so sick of everyone telling me i am too attractive to want to die... but guess what ?!?!i doi!!!!! i have no one. not even my family. i have my mom but she does not understand my depression. i have my bf but he cannot always be here for me..... and i know my depression is too much for him at times but he just wants me happy. he deserves more then me.idk how to express how i am feeling. i just feel dead inside and the thought of never having to wake up in this world again brings me so much joy....no matter what ppl say i will never feel good enough. i struggle with this everyday. but i finally hit my breaking point and idk if any help can fix it. i do not want to be alive
i have written here before but i felt ashamed and deleted the post. i was diagnosed with g.a.d, social anxiety, and major depressive disorder 2 years ago. i have been suicidal since the tenth grade but i was able to brush the thought away for a while. i thought this feeling would go away once i head to college but i realized i never wanted to go in the first place. i also realized that school overall severely triggered me. i cannot study, i am always tired, insomniac, and therapy is going nowhere. i have given up on myself. i thought maybe i could drop college and start working jobs but my parents told me i could not because it ruins my 'social standing' in life, and i would be nothing without it. i love my family but even they are a lot sometimes and judgy. nothing in my life is going right, and since college started i have just gotten more suicidal and tried to kill myself three times but all three times i stopped myself cuz i was scared. i feel like i am losing my mind. i do not know what to do anymore. i want to die but i cannot. there are just too many people i could hurt and they do not deserve that. i feel like i should not feel this way because people have it worst, but i just have not been happy in so long. man, life sucks. my life is falling apart and i hate living
i do not belong anywhere, everywhere i go i can only make 1 2 long term friends and even then, most do not understand me. i have always been a social retard diagnosed with autism last year but now that i am actually going outside and meeting new people i am noticing how inept i am at socializing, and i feel like i do not belong.i also do not have any career prospects, and not due to lack of opportunity, i am comfortably middle class in a country in 54 of the population is poor. i am going to a good school but i cannot study or pay attention to fucking online classes, so my grades are in freefall.i cannot kill myself though because i have a ton of people that care about me, but i do not think i can hold on much longer, my first thought of suicide was in 2019 when i thought of throwing myself under a truck because i felt like such a disappointment to my mother for being a dumbass that faked a signature to get out of a suspension. dying has basically never left my mind since, save for some moments of peace in mid 2020.it is not like i do not have the means to die since my brother has black labeled medication for his cerebral palsy and epilepsy, but it is so painful knowing my parents would see my body, and my friends and family would feel terrible. fuck me and fuck all of this.
in 16f, have been passively suicidal since i was 13. i have friends but no one i can truly talk to. my family used to be ok but my father spends all the money on gambling and i study in a private school. my fees are due but he does not care, my mom is always worried. he and my mom fight like, every 2 days. i am so tired i am so tired i am so tired. i wish i never was born in the first place, cutting is not enough anymore. i feel so ugly, my father has probably spent all savings on gambling idk if ill even be able to get into a college because we have no money now. my friends are barely even friends, i can never talk to them about this stuff. i just want to die, i am so tired. i cannot keep up with life, school is killing me and so is everything else. i tried getting better, i really did. i read countless self help books, meditated. nothing truly helps. i am so tired i really just wish i could die in my sleep tonight. i hate people who try to say that i am not really suicidal, they do not know my family life, tye financial problems and debts, the self hatred and loathing, the anxiety. all i want to do is to stop feeling. i do not want a consious. pls just lmk any foolproof method of dying or if overdosing causes pain or not. i want to cease existing, want a foolproof way out
i am a final year student about to enter the workforce. i come from a privileged background where i did not have to work part time to pay for my school fees and i live comfortably with my parents. i have a lot to be grateful for but i feel like there is nothing worth living for. i do not find satisfaction in friendships and whatever hobbies i like to do are swept aside as i am not very smart so i have to study all the time to be able to pass my exams. even after school ends, ill be working a job and maybe then ill be able to pursue my hobbies. i love my family but i hate being hounded by constant questioning about my life. sometimes it gets too much and i rather be alone. i have no motivation goal. i do not desire to be rich, i am ok as long as i have a roof over my head. i know when the time comes to begin work, i will go to work but i know that i will dread every day of it. there is no job for what i liked to do, even so, it would not make enough money to pay for rent. i feel so stuck and cannot figure what else is there to live for. i am mostly positive because i live day by day but if someone gave me a way to end my life, i think i might take it. what is wrong with me? how can i change this selfish mindset and find more purpose in life? how do i make life worth living?
washington to me represented what i love about america. a mix of tech and nature that always felt perfectly sustainable and many loving trees and people regardless of their politics. a place i used to always wanted to go back to... to find that people have died or suffer due to a crisis outside their control, to see other states and countries around it burn to the crisp, the fact even moving here involved risking high tempatures after the fact from just 2 states away, and to go through poisonous air that could kill anyone in my family with a heart conditon or worse age related risks.... i want evidence it is not bullshit to want to live in a world like this. because i want to take this gamble living is... but if even the things i love are doomed to end due to uncaring idiots, who think power is only meant to bring domination over survival, i will not stand for this uncaring string of evils and how the things i love have to suffer for it. i do not know if i will commit suicide now or later... but i know i want to put my life on the line to repair what damages are unavoidable all to think of helping people i truly appreciate and love. i want to live with a reason that feels worth it... so what will we do about all this if we fail? my home state was on fire, and no one cared.
hi. i am turning 18 soon, and to day i had an appointment to schedule my classes. nothing special, just community college. anyway, my mom tried to talk to the guidance counselor, and he asks my mom is she a mute or does she speak? . i have been suffering from social anxiety for years. it hurt so much. i wound up missing most of my sophomore and junior years of high school, because i would have panic attacks during classes. i was afraid to go. i was given a 504, an iep, put on homeschooling, and put in psych wards, but nothing made it any better. i have been in therapy since 7th grade, but my lately mom just keeps cancelling my appointments because it is convenient for her. i never thought i would make it this far in life. and i truly wish i would ended it when i was much younger. my mom is just adding fuel to the fire, she keeps telling me to grow up and to get my shit together . she was angry at me because i had to be put in a remedial math class because i failed math due to my absences. she does not want to pay for a class that will not get me any credits. i do not think i can handle college. i am so hopeless.tldr wishing i would ended it in middle school like i thought i would because i am too mentally ill to handle college i should have ended it when i had the chance
through my 20 years of depression,i have discovered a lot, i have been through a lot, i have endured enough. the age where i atm do not have true friends, family that uses me for only company and other misfortunes. also one at some point disowned me for a short period. i broke my phone today through anger... i realized its been a couple months since may and i still have yet very little money saved, a look at my surroundings and i have not gotten any small things i wanted achieved, now my eyes are flooded with tears. this decision even through growth has consistently harass my thoughts, while i never let it consume me, why does it still come back? its more powerful than any happiness i felt? i look at my family and when i think about hurting myself, i feel no remorse for them. cannot be with the person i love, cannot have high loving friendships and relationships and now i am stuck? because of my decisions? now what about a permanent solution? a solution for a restart in life, where no one in this world knows you? where i do not have to deal with these problems but can worry about the next ones. i see no progress in the universe... its painful to feel ill be in this position forever. a permanent solution, to a temporary problem... to my analysis, suicide seems logical...
i should not feel like this. i was not assaulted as a kid, i do not have ptsd, i do not have anythingso why the fuck do i have dysphoria? its debilitating. every day i want to get out of bed less and less knowing people will see me as a girl. i do not even want to die. i want to live, i want to thrive and minister and love others but i want to do it as a man. my life is not worth living the way it is now. but i just fucking hate the fact that because of my religion i cannot ever do anything. so many people have tried to convince me that the bible does not condemn transgender people, that you can be trans and christian. but fuck that, man. there is literally no evidence, its just people cherry picking parts of the bible to support what they want to do. but at the same time, i wish god would come down from the sky for one second and just tell me, hey, its okay. you can do this. but he will not because that is not what he thinks. i have no choice except to keep living as a woman. and id rather kill myself.i have a plan to cut myself enough that i bleed to death tomorrow. and if that does not work, i am going to take a nice peaceful sit on the railroad outside of my house and wait for it to end. i do not want to live like this anymore. gender dysphoria is so fucking unfair
i am a 15 year old boy, and a couple years ago , i started to like a girl. she was the most beautiful girl i had ever met but i was so afraid to tell her how i felt. up until last august. she said she did not know me well enough but she respected my honesty. she unfortunately passed away in april. one of her friends said she thought i was sweet and genuine, and now i can never prove it to her. i sometimes think about this and feel like there is no point now for me to be here, to stay strongim not very good looking, at least it definitely appears that way i have only ever been rejected or let down nicely, and on top of that i get shy around girls i like and i am awkward.i have only ever been average or below at everything, i am not popular or anything, so i do not rlly get invited to like parties or anything , which especially sucks bc its summer and i usually have to be the one to set up hang outs with my 2 3 friends the only thing really keeping me going is that my 16th birthday is in november and i do not want to miss thatgiven all this, i feel like sometimes i do not want to be here anymore, and that things could never get better and all i really ask for is for someone to tell me its going to be ok or tell me i am wrong in my thinking with reasoning, please? hurting
throwaway, my wife knows my main. i went to a lawyer last week to get an idea of what divorce is going to look like for me and my kids. she cheated, i tried to move past it but i can not. there are 5 judges in my county, 4 of them are old. like 70s and 80s, their default is primary custody to the mother. only one judge, in her 50s, default on 50 50. that and i will have to pay support, more support until my stepdaughter is 18 and out of high school, even though she gets cs from the father. i work at a family business, my dad is retiring and for 14 years i was planning on taking over. when i learned of her infidelity i told my dad i do not want the business because i can not handle that level of stress. i learned i can not function with a high stress life. everyone has stress, but other people's livelihoods in my hands, i could not handle it. i am stuck in a marriage i want out of but cannot afford to end, and i am facing unemployment in the next few months, and i have never put together a resume or had a fucking job interview in my life. the only thing i can hold onto is i cannot do that to my children. i can not scar them for their lives. i need help but cannot afford it. i need to go get checked in somewhere, but i can not afford to miss work. getting to be too much
living to 80 seems bewildering, am i just going to suffer that long?? really, how much better can i get at this point, and how much worse? feels like rock bottom every week, and this week it is every day. and every time i feel better, it gets all the way back down again.wish i was not too weak to cut successfully. and it would crazy because i would never think that about someone else. but me? lol yeah i feel like such a wimp. i am shutting down, and i have important stuff to do today. fuck this. honestly. i wish i could kill myself, obviously i cannot and i am angry at myself because i will not. it is stupid. i am suffering all the time anyway. i had night terrors again last night, for the first time in a while. it fucking sucks, it affects you physically. why cannot it actually just kill me for real, this is so fucked up. i hate it here. i hate this life, this earth, this existence, this body, i hate it. i hate when people are jealous of me too because it is like bitch i really have nothing, there is nothing to be envious over. i am just living a pathetic existence honestly. fucking horrible honestly i did self harm for the first time in a while, and i have been really good about it before now. i wish i could do more though fucking god why do i have to live this long
i have been depressed since middle school but aside from short bursts its always been manageable and rarely suicidal. these last few months i have spiraled like crazy. once every other week i call in sick to work because i do not see the point in making money that will not make me feel any better, my friends have all pushed me away to arms length because my mental health is getting to be too much for them, even playing with my cat who i love more than the world and who is helped me get through the bad times in the past is not doing me any good. there have been multiple times recently where the only reason i have not made an attempt is because i know there is no one who will take him and give him the love i do, but there have also been times where i have legitimately considered finding a new home for him so i can finally end things.every other time i have felt this way i have kept going knowing that id get through that phase and be happy again, at least more than i was in that moment, but there is just something different this time. there is some kind of finality engrained into this awful mood i am in and i do not know how to deal with it. i do not think i am ready to die, but more often than not recently it seems like the fastest way to get better. recently spiraling
i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die i want to die
been depressed and suicidal since 13. seven years of unhappiness and nothing ever makes me feel normal . nothing and no one inspired or helped. i tried professional help, meds, and reaching out before. i do not even remember being happy when i was a child, but i remember my first attempt was at 13. finally have the means to do it without failure and i could care less about the pain at this point. my shyness and lack of personality has left me so lonely. i have never felt as hollow and empty as i do now. it feels like there is nothing left for people to take. i am the people pleaser type because ill be filled with too much anxiety otherwise, so now i am just exhausted to the point of giving up. cannot fix someone who is held down by themselves. there is no reason for me to be this way, i just have never had a life and never will. i have never felt truly happy, or at least okay. i tried to just go through it for a very long time, i hope you all will continue trying. i hope it really does get better for every single one of you. if only we had some kind of off switch for useless emotions. my heart aches for the people going through the same thing. i wish all of you and myself peace. who knows what comes after.goodbye. 19f wanted to tell someone who understands goodbye.
maybe i am just not made for life. people abandon me. i have no best friends. i used to. my day is basically to wake up, eat, be on my pc only watching youtube videos, eat, go do whatever i need to, eat again rinse and repeat. then i see people having fun, having relationships and just enjoying life. and yet here i am. frequenting pubs, drinking alone until i can barely stand...i thought maybe i can quit my bad habits once i got with my gf. i trusted her with my life. now she does not even want to talk to me anymore. then again, i am responsible for her not wanting to talk to me. i fuck up every relationship or i ghost people. yet everyone says to me that i have a life ahead of me, i am 17, i got a whole life ahead of me...what is the point? what is the point of going to college, having a job, coming to an empty house, drinking until you cannot stand and going to work the next morning. if i talk to my parents, they belittle me or mock me. what happens after death anyways? sometimes i want to take the risk, hoping it would end my suffering but it does not. maybe my fate is sealed anyways. i am only likeable when i am useful to people. nobody asks me how i am. i want to cry it out but i cannot even do that. i do not know what more to write. i want to die yet i cannot
i am 16 just so tired. fatigue that is indescribable. everything is such a chore, socializing, past hobbies i have enjoyed, getting out of bed, hell even living on this planet is sufferable. nothing is ever enough, medication, therapy, support from my family, what else could i possibly ask for? the bottles of pills on the counter look more tempting every day. cutting myself and imagining leaving this world is the only enjoyment i feel. i want this pain to stop, and ending my life has come down to the last option, but i am only a few steps away from it. the guilt and shame that i feel in my own skin are getting overwhelming. it is like i am in a rainforest looking for a one of a kind leaf, but that leaf is actually my purpose and will to live. emotional pain is not the only problem, the restlessness and nausea from the extreme anxiety paranoia are becoming insurmountable. i hate my family because they actually care for me, without them i would have been gone a long time ago. knowing that if i were to die, the emotional trauma and weight left behind would be devastating. i would rather give my life to someone who actually would care and appreciate it, not me. it could be in a few days, weeks, months, fuck i do not know, but i know it will happen someday. at my limit
i have thought about killing myself to escape. i would say 4 5 people in the world do not have a good life. i feel like if i kill myself i will just end up right back in a cycle of suffering. whether it be another world, dimension, universe, reality, etc, i feel like i will take on another form of existence as who knows what and where. i do not believe in god, but i feel like something with a higher power will send me to a lower part of reality or the same reality as this one for destroying my current consciousness. buddhism says i will reincarnate into a piece of bacteria or something, abrahamic religion says i will suffer for an eternity with fire, anger, anxiety, and shame. atheism sounds like the best one because you just do not exists anymore, like a dreamless sleep forever, but that sounds too good to be true, i cannot see how something can just disappear to nowhere. really i cannot see myself dying of old age because for one, i smoke, and for two, i feel like everything will go to shit, climate change is exponentially increasing, the rich are getting richer and poor getting poorer, and ww3 is probably going to start in a decade or two. i would wish the scientist would hurry up and fuck up on making the ai or mini black hole. i feel like there is no escape.
i am sorry if this is too longi cannot anymore. ever since this pandemic started i cannot do anything. i am an international student whose country's borders closed. so i was stuck in an apartment by myself because all my roommates moved out, which sent me kind of crazy. and places were always in lockdown so there was barely any social interaction. and since i am stuck in this country i had to pay rent and i do not know how to cook so the little money in did have was used up very quickly. i also was starving many times. i got addicted to weed edibles multiple times a week at home by myself to help cope when i used to be a twice a month smoker at best, only at social gatherings. i could never do my schoolwork because of the mental state i was in. and now even when borders are reopening and i am getting vaccinated to fly, it is too little too late because i am withdrawn from my program. and i was here only due to government scholarship contract so now that is a cost that me and my parents, who have barely any money to their name, will have to pay off.i seriously want to stop existing. i know people say your friends and family would be sad but i personally see no purpose in continuing. my life feels over and i do not want to suffer anymore through it i hate covid 19
i do not know if this subreddit is for me but i want to kill myself really badly. i have an eating disorder for almost half a decade now and its been all over the place. i have never been fully diagnosed. but half a year ago i was still sick but skinnier since then now i gained like 7kg which does not seem much and i can just work it off but i keep eating and i never was really suicidal but now i am actually considering, i know it seems strange but i feel this huge self hatred for the fact i cannot seem to control my intake anymore and that makes me so crazy and sad, because i know i can just lose it but i cannot seem to do it and it feels like i lost my mind. i feel like this is such a rude reason to attempt suicide because others seem to have it harder and i should be grateful, which i am. however, this is keeping me from living like i want to and be the person i desire to become. the problem is that i have to eat everyday but i cannot without feeling extrem guilt and hatred while eating more? i feel out of control and it makes me not take care of myself, because i do not want to shower due to my body. i habe a bmi of 20 which is normal but i feel morbidly obese. i know i might cone across as rude, i do not intend to be my eating disorder is making me suicidal
i do not know if this subreddit is for me but i want to kill myself really badly. i have an eating disorder for almost half a decade now and its been all over the place. i have never been fully diagnosed. but half a year ago i was still sick but skinnier since then now i gained like 7kg which does not seem much and i can just work it off but i keep eating and i never was really suicidal but now i am actually considering, i know it seems strange but i feel this huge self hatred for the fact i cannot seem to control my intake anymore and that makes me so crazy and sad, because i know i can just lose it but i cannot seem to do it and it feels like i lost my mind. i feel like this is such a rude reason to attempt suicide because others seem to have it harder and i should be grateful, which i am. however, this is keeping me from living like i want to and be the person i desire to become. the problem is that i have to eat everyday but i cannot without feeling extrem guilt and hatred while eating more? i feel out of control and it makes me not take care of myself, because i do not want to shower due to my body. i habe a bmi of 20 which is normal but i feel morbidly obese. i know i might cone across as rude, i do not intend to be my eating disorder is making me suicidal
i have been fighting for too long. i am too tired to go on. i have fought against myself my whole life, day in and day out, and i am exhausted. i do not have the courage to go on anymore. but in this time i have known you, i have felt like finally a piece of me has solidified, held down to the steady ground that is you, so that less of me wants to float away. you have become my first thought in the morning and my last at night. its fitting that you should be the last thought i have in this life. i have never been good with words. with warmth. with affection. but god, i think i fell in love. after so much hurt on this earthly world, at least i can die saying i have loved. i loved you. you have become one of the strongest tethers i still have to life. i do not want to hurt you. but i am so tired of hurting myself that i feel i have no choice but to leave. i am tired of going on, but so much of why i have made it so far is you. i want your last memory of me to be yesterday, in your embrace, you in mine. you have a heart of gold and a soul as pure as the ocean and a mind like the universe. thank you for allowing me to be a part of you, but i have to go now. ill look for you forever on the other side. i love you. if i die tonight, you were the last thing on my mind.
i broke up with my girlfriend of almost eight months today. our anniversary would have been in two days and this time last year is the month that we met so we we have pretty much known each other for a whole year. i feel the worst fucking sack of shit alive. i cannot believe i actually did this. i always told her i would not leave her and i truly did not think i ever would, i guess that is just what our relationship came to. we went days without talking so i assumed it was going to end in a breakup anyways so i started mentally preparing myself for it. then she said she wanted to fix things and that she would never give up on us. and i feel fucking horrible because i was all she had. she has no one irl that is there for her. her friends and family treat her like actual shit and i have never heard of anything so horrible. and all i had to do was be there and be her girlfriend but i failed. i deserve to die. i am ok with the breakup but the hardest part of this whole thing is she is suicidal. i know she will commit at some point whether i know or not and that is the most impossible feeling to live with. i do not know how i am going to carry on especially the next couple days i might as well just find a way to get rid of myself after this what the fuck have i done
i am exhausted, with this obnoxious fucking pulse in my arm and with everything that ever represented me. i am supposed to turn 19 on the 30th. it was supposed to be the best year of my life. i promised myself. sick of living with constant anxiety, episodes of rage, extreme mood swings, obsession with drugs, and too many others to talk about right now. i have a full work week ahead 7 days and i am tired. i do not want to show my face at a place where i am badgered by assholes about 10 extra cents on their purchase. i rarely get a day off anymore and while that is not the point of this post, i am completely spent with everything. the fucked up dynamic of my home life, my empty friendships, my mental state which most likely would never recover even if i did slither down to a hospital or a psychiatrist. i believe the world is only designed for certain people that accomplish certain things. you must be strong enough, you must be persistent. i have tried. and i have fantasized, for a long time. truth be told i doubt i am even strong enough to just finally get this over with already. i do not care if this comes and goes, i cannot cope anymore, i refuse, i am done. i am sorry everyone. knowing me ill probably be back, i really fucking hope not though. this may be it.
i want to be loved. and not romantic love exclusively, because even platonic love is enough..but i just crave love.i have friends and family who care for me, but none in the way that i care for them.what i mean by this, is no one actively invests time and love into our relationship. its passive and conditional.i guess what i yearn for then is a warm and considerate kind of love. something i like to think i offer to everyone in my life. as best i can anyway.i put in the work to make friends, to be a better person thoughtful, considerate, kind and patient , but rarely does it ever seem reciprocated.not that i do these things solely to have something in return, but it would be nice to be the one cared for for onceto be supported and thought of, to have someone go out of their way for me because they see me as worth their time and efforts. to be held and just kept company when i express any form of melancholy.the unconditional kind of love that makes you feel less alone, that you comfortably give in return because.. well what is life without loving. i do not know. its something that should not be so difficult to find in another person, but it is. and the seemingly endless trek of it is exhausting.id almost rather seek it in the next life. will i be alone forever?
even planning your suicide is exhausting. i have to go through my phone and delete all of my accounts, messages, tie up all of my loose ends, i have to close my bank account, i have to write notes for every single person that matters to me to let them know that this is not their fault. i have to clean my room, wash my clothes so my mother does not have to clean up everything after me. i have to throw out past suicide notes i have written because they are not accurate anymore, i have to clean everything. wash my sheets, make my bed. i have to think of where to go and how to do it, without hurting anyone. i do not want anyone to find me bloody, i do not want anyone to be traumatized, i do not want my mom to find me, or my little brother to find me. i do not want first responders to see a mess. i just want to die without dying i do not know what to do anymore. everything is so exhausting. every thought, every breath, its so exhausting and i am tired. i am tired. i do not feel as if ill ever be accepted by my family or if life will ever be what i dreamt of it to be. or if ill ever escape this pain. ill never have the relationship i so achingly long for with them. my past will always define me, i did not ask for this. even planning your own suicide is exhausting.
i have been depressed for over two years but it is only in the past few months that i have been getting these awful bouts of crying and anxiety and today i am bursting into tears at literally anything. washing the dishes? time to sob. folding the laundry? time to sob. studying? time to sob. sharing a meme with a friend? time to sob. it is unbearable. it is been over six hours and i cannot stop. my eyes are sore. i doubled my dose of antidepressants just to see if it would make me feel any better and it did not. nothing makes me feel even remotely good, not my girlfriend, not my hobbies, not my favorite food, not alcohol, absolutely nothing. it is either numbness or this agony that makes me want to crawl out of my body and never come back. soon enough there will be no excuse for my inactivity, no pandemic, no stone in my path, and i will have to tell my family i dropped out of college and kept it a secret, and that i tried to get a job even at the shittiest fast food chains and i got nothing back, that i am use to no one, that i promised myself to study to get into a new major but have not properly touched my studying materials in weeks. i am tired and sick and i do not see any way out. i do not know what to do. most days i want to die. i cannot stop crying.
the crushing loneliness. arguments. people lying to me, using me. being the backup plan. my mom who had cancer with a high risk of return.i am done man i am turning 21 coming tuesday and i do not care! i really do not give a shit. what is everyone elses summer break? partying, hooking up, getting to know new people.mine is the same everyday. get up, play video games. be mad at everything, wallow in sadness and envy. august comes and its back to the grindstone for college until the day comes i graduate and i can slave away for corporations until i am in my late 60s, considered useless and die. my parents who are the only people i can honestly say are my only rays of light in this world will not be here forever and realistically will pass away once i am in my late 30s or 40s.i have so much to say and so much to tell but what it all comes down to, is that i am so done. so mentally exhausted id rope myself if i had the fucking balls to do it which i lack. i cannot destroy my parents and sister like that, the annoying question of but what if it gets better later? in my head which is basically me holding a carrot in front of my own face and the survival instinct to stay alive.i do not know what do. i am fucking done with this shit but i lack the courage to do it
it is absolutely ruined my mental state and my entire year of 2021 so far. i got scared after the crash and did not stick to the whole hold mentality, realized i should have sold when they removed the ability to buy but i am a fucking idiot. then i watched it go back up afterwards and ever since i have been trying to replicate it because it was the most money i had ever seen. i work an overnight job and every morning i agonize over the pre market of other stocks i have purchased and for the most part, only see red i have now lost 11k . it is killing me mentally and physically. there is so much shame and regret that i cannot take it. it absolutely would have changed my life. i would have been able to afford to move out, finish my nursing degree, and actually feel like an independent adult for once. instead, i am stuck working a job a hate living in my childhood home with no friends or girlfriend. i have not been able to focus on or enjoy anything ever since. it is all about how much money i do not have that i could have if i was not so stupid. everyday i think about dying because it feels like it was my last shot. i always fuck everything up. it all does not seem real. i still cannot handle giving up the opportunity to make 50k off gamestop back in january.
i know they have to report if you have a plan or thoughts about suicide, but i just want to be honest and talk about them with someone who can help me. yes suicide is awful, but i want to talk to someone who can help me process the thoughts and find some kind of solution for these thoughts. but instead i do not open up all the way because i am afraid they will lock me up for a week,away from my baby boy,and charge me hundreds of dollars out the ass. i already went to the er for a anxiety attack mental breakdown last month,and they treated me like i was a fucking inmate. they gave no shits and made it be known that they did not care. when ever i tried to say thank you to a nurse or talk to one of them,they would roll their eyes and ignore me. just completely ignore anything i said or acknowledge me. so i do not want to go back to that place ever again,but i want to scream from the roof tops about how i want to jump from the same roof top,but fear having to be put away,because of these thoughts that they say are normal ,but when i express these thoughts,some how they become not normal . i do not get it. i want to sit down,look my therapist in the eyes,and tell them i want to jump in traffic, without them reporting me and having me involuntarily hospitalized.
i cannot take living this life anymore. i am a 34 year old male and i cannot take this loneliness anymore. every woman i meet just lies to me and uses me then tosses me away. all i have ever wanted in life is to get married and have a family, to have someone to love who will love me. but it is impossible for any woman to have feelings of love for me. i cannot take this anymore. i spend every day of my life resisting the urge to commit suicide. i drive down the street and vision myself crashing into oncoming traffic at 90 mph. i have dreams of stepping in front of a train, or other fatal things every night. but i have to remain tethered to this existence because my disabled mother needs me. i have begun harming myself physically.my entire life has been torment. from the ages of 3 to 16 i was physically beat by people, threatened of being killed daily, then from 18 to now i am emotionally and mentally abused by women who i try to date. i do not have the strength to keep doing this. why is it too much to ask to find someone to love me? i know i am extremely ugly, but i have good qualities. i am caring, loving, i can cook, i always put others before myself. why is there no one alive who cares about anything beyond the physical? there is no hope in the darkness
i know they have to report if you have a plan or thoughts about suicide, but i just want to be honest and talk about them with someone who can help me. yes suicide is awful, but i want to talk to someone who can help me process the thoughts and find some kind of solution for these thoughts. but instead i do not open up all the way because i am afraid they will lock me up for a week,away from my baby boy,and charge me hundreds of dollars out the ass. i already went to the er for a anxiety attack mental breakdown last month,and they treated me like i was a fucking inmate. they gave no shits and made it be known that they did not care. when ever i tried to say thank you to a nurse or talk to one of them,they would roll their eyes and ignore me. just completely ignore anything i said or acknowledge me. so i do not want to go back to that place ever again,but i want to scream from the roof tops about how i want to jump from the same roof top,but fear having to be put away,because of these thoughts that they say are normal ,but when i express these thoughts,some how they become not normal. i do not get it. i want to sit down,look my therapist in the eyes,and tell them i want to jump in traffic, without them reporting me and having me involuntarily hospitalized.
i spend all 16 years of my life in education, learning everything there is to know about adult life, and building friends and a whole personality and brain, just to end it all when my life is about it begin, real ironic.the suicidal thoughts do not ever stop, i wanted to kill myself 3 years ago, but i did not, because i was somewhat hopeful for the future. 3 years on, i wish i had killed myself 3 years ago. why go on, if only to regret being a fucking wimp in 3 years. it really gets harder and harder every day to solicit staying alive, when everyday is pure and unfiltered pain, and all good things are tinted with constant mental screaming and pain. everything means nothing anymore, people, places and objects completely void of any attachment or meaning. i feel like i am losing my ability to care about the things and the people that mean the most to me, and that thought terrifies me. nothing is physically wrong in my life, but the suicidal thoughts, the lonlieness and the crippling social anxiety really never stop. the only way i can take control, and end the constant fucking agony is by ending it all.sorry if i come across as a pretentious piece of shit with a perfect life, i have just got to yell into the void at some point my life was an ironic tragedy
its all i feel lately. about everything. myself. my life.my job. my looks. my weight. my jealousy. fucking everything. every day i wake up, immediately seething at the thought of slogging through another worthless day. i have always had a short temper, but lately every single minor inconvenience sends me into an absolute blind rage. i want to break things. i want to destroy anything in my immediate vicinity just to quell my immense anger. i cannot fucking stand it anymore. i cannot even sleep right now because of how angry i am. how did my life get to this point? what happened to the innocent, wacky goof of a kid i was? what happened to my family. i used to love them. i cannot feel love anymore. i do not love anymore. i remember waking up on a christmas day, my mom, dad and sister all gathered around the tree. my dad was always the last to wake up. i could not ever really sleep back then. i remember staying by the tree all night, shaking the presents, trying to figure out what it was. sometimes i would scratch a little bit of the wrapping off of the bottom of the present, then peek inside to try and see what it was. i am sorry mom. sorry for being an ungrateful, worthless piece of fucking shit, ever since i was a kid. i am sorry you bore me. pure hatred.
just my mind is talking everything bad. literally everything. even my relationship with my gf.every slight bit, that does not work perfect and boom, my mind and head are on and try to make me feel bad. just everything is completely worthless in this moment, no hope, nothing.in the last weeks, it got so far, that even some of my feelings were overwhelmed and turned sides, because my gf was too busy and i felt ignored, even now she has something to do.while she has work to do, i sit here, knowing i have to end the relationship, regret losing my team position on a game server, which was my highest achievement for almost 8 years, know that i am useless, because i have canceled my study, which means i have no future about my work and distanced from almost all my friends.all this just because my head and mind hates me and wants to see me suffer and be alone.i am just sitting here and doing things i have never done, like trying to cut my arms with blades from a scissor and hitting punching my head. just to hope this all goes away.if only something would have be wrong with my anesthesia last week and i would finally sleep in peace. amp x200b its the first time i really doubt, if i survive till my next therapy meeting, without serious harm. my mind is killing me
i am 23 years old and i have been alone all my life. i have never had a partner, i have never had sex, i have never held someone is hand. i am unwanted. i cannot take it any more. i left work early a few days ago and i have been in my room ever since. i have not eaten or drank anything but a few goldfish crackers and the water that was on my bedside table. i have no drive to do anything at all. i take sleeping pills the second i wake up so that i can just sleep. i cannot stop thinking about how much i fucking hate everything about myself. i do not even know why i am writing this right now. i just hate everything about my life. i do not think i will ever be able to find someone who i can be with, and if i cannot experience life with someone i love, then i do not want to experience it at all. i feel like i am at the end. i do not even want try and meet anyone anymore. i just want to lay in my bed and sleep until i do not wake up. i thought about checking myself into a hospital, but after reading about how badly suicidal patients are often treated in the you.s, i will no longer be doing that. i do not think there is any help for me anyway. i am on medication, i have been to therapy, nothing helps. i do not know how much longer i can continue. all time low
ok so, i am 19, i drop out one of the most prestigious college in my country, i was studying a major in biotechnology engineering at 18, i lived alone without a job for nearly a year eating nothing but white rice and sometimes nothing at all, i lost 10 kg in weight and sometimes i could not sleep i came with my mom but she kicked me out of their home and talked shit about me with my brothers and now they do not want to see me anymore i just came into my grandma house, but their actions let me know that nobody wants me here, i cannot find a job and all i can do it is surf into countless amounts of memes i do not eat too much since they do not invite me food , sometimes i do not eat anything at all or maybe i eat leftovers, i feel like a worthless piece of shit because i am unable to find a job, i got a precious gf but i think i do not deserve her, she is to pure and sometimes i just want to break up with her just because i use to sabotage myself, she tells me to not give up, but it is hard to understand, as she grew up in a home with money, she do not know how is it to sleep in the streets and have nothing to eat, as well as me.this saturday is my birthday, and i am going to be alone, i do not know what to do on monday yet another suicidal advice for me
i am starting this out by saying i am 17, so i am close to the age where you start getting you are shit together and getting out of your house and stuff. since about 8 i have known my parents are junkies, and i have had to play adult most of my life because of this. i am the oldest out of me and my sister, and i have always felt responsible for my parents, making sure nothing bad happens to them, i developed separation anxiety as a child and its always been hard watching them cycle and fuck up and ruin themselves over and over again. i guess what i am trying to vent about is that because of the heaviness of this responsibility, i feel like i could have done more. i know i want to kill myself eventually, because i cannot go on and live my life knowing that i am going to watch them deteriorate more and more, and eventually die because of what they have done to themselves. i do not want to watch it knowing they chose drugs over me and my sister every single time. i cannot live and experience that sort of grief. i know i should hate them for what they have done but i do not. if i know they are never going to stop using, i want to be the one to go first. i feel like i deserve that at the very least, i am so so exhausted. i need to get this all out somewhere
my parents are divorced and still in court over it. i left my mother to live with my dad because she lost control and dragged everyone around her down. yesterday i had to meet her and she basically told me i had to lie to the judge about my father for her to get my lil sister back whom cps took from her 6 months ago. she told me i owed her that after betraying her. screamed at me in public and made a scene.came home absolutely wasted just to get screamed on by my dad and told to get out of his eyes .in the evening i went out with friends and drank like i never did before. afterwards i smoked a blunt and could not stand up any more. the drug dealer had to call my friends from the bar to pick me up while i was throwing up. they kept me awake and called my dad.only thing i remember is saying to my friend this is a nice way to die .father picked me up and shouted at my friends for helping me. one of them said that i might threw up in the car to which he just responded with i am going to kick her ass if she does that before speeding away.today i woke up. he has not spoken a word with me. just looked at me with pure disgust. the worst thing is that i cannot even blame him for hating me.god i wish i had died there yesterday reached my absolute low last night
i am not saying this to have anybody feeling bad for me, or to get any type of pity. i am serious and it does not really matter who i am or how old. all i know is that i cannot take it anymore. i wish my life would change for the better but every year, month, day, its getting worst. i lost all my faith, joy, motivation, i do not have any goals anymore. somebody or something, should i say completely tore me down. i do not have any hope anymore, i know things will not get better, it can only get worst now. its weird because i suffer so much but at the same time, i am completely numb. i just want to end this pain. also, life does not any meaning for me anymore. i give it the end of the year, if nothing changes or only for the worst, ill end my life. that is it. when ill be dead, i may go to heaven or feel nothing which is way better than the pain i am in right now. if i would have known what my life would have been and i could have chose, i would have decided not to be born. and please do not judge, because nobody, i think wants to die, its just that we want to end the pain, suffering. that is unfair but that is it, cannot change things now. if nothing changes in the next few months, like end of the year, i am going to end my life and i am very serious.
as the title says i have been trying to help my partner for years with his suicidal thoughts tendencies. he will not seek help and does not want to take medication. a little backstory, his father committed suicide when my partner was only 18. now at age 32, hes had no grief counseling and still has unresolved issues. we have been together for 6 years and have a daughter together. i am the main caretaker of the house. i care for our child, pets, pay bills, clean, ect. because he struggles with anxiety as well, i essentially care for him as well. right down to scheduling doctors appointments for him . along with the suicidal tendencies, there is also disrespectful name calling, verbal abuse and manipulation towards me. now, i am not a perfect person but i feel no one should be treated as such. let alone in front of our 6 year old. i am at a loss of what to do because things have drastically escalated in the past months. he plans on disappearing sooner than later. if i try to leave, he tells me it will speed up the process and it will make things worse. i can feel my mental stability slipping and i am trying to keep it together door our daughter. thanks for your time in reading this i have been acting as a therapist to partner who wants to end his life.
my life 1 year ago was completely different. i was such a chick magnet and everyone loved me i had so many friends and in this past year i lost everything. i have no friends so when i feel sad i do not have anyone to lean on or talk to. being a male with depression is extremely hard bc if you speak about your feelings you are considered weak. all i want is for someone to love me even a family member but no one cares about me. it makes me feel worthless and i do not want to do this no more. i have a pistol now and every night i play with it just thinking about what would happen if i pulled the trigger. an extremely big part of me wants to die but i do not want to hurt anyone who cares about me. i have been dead inside for so long and no one seems to care but as soon as i actually die everyone will care. i seriously do not know what i did to deserve all this i do not know why i am put through this. if i could take a look into my future for 10 years and if i saw id be this way for that long i would no doubt kms. i tried a counselor but they are just someone who fake cares and they never helped me. i feel so alone and lonely it weighs me down. if only i had one friend that truly cared about me it would mean the world but no one does. what happened to me
